===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott Laboratories' First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer portion of this call. During the question and answer session, you will be able to ask your question by pressing the star one one keys on your touch-tone phone. This call is being recorded by Abbott Laboratories. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question and answer session, the entire call, including the question and answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott Laboratories. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott Laboratories' expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Mike Comilla, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Mike Comilla: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Boudreau, Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Phil will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2025. Abbott Laboratories cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors may affect Abbott Laboratories' operations as discussed in item 1A, risk factors to our annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Abbott Laboratories undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott Laboratories' ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note that Abbott Laboratories has not provided the related GAAP financial measures on a forward-looking basis for the non-GAAP financial measures for which it is providing guidance, because the company is unable to predict with reasonable certainty and without unreasonable effort the timing and impact of certain items, which could significantly impact Abbott Laboratories' results in accordance with GAAP. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in the press release issued earlier today. With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Ford: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As we progress through 2025, it is clear we are operating in an increasingly dynamic environment. Abbott Laboratories was built not just to operate, but to succeed and rapidly evolve in environments like this. We have consistently demonstrated our ability to navigate complexities arising from a range of global circumstances, including the repercussions of a global pandemic, global financial crisis, numerous geopolitical events, just to name a few. And the current evolving economic environment influenced by new tariff policies represents another global development that we are prepared to adeptly manage. The proven benefits of our diversified business model are evident now as a result of the strategic framework that drives our global manufacturing and supply chain operations. While tariffs will have a financial impact, with ninety manufacturing sites around the world and decades of experience executing our global network strategy, we're well-positioned to implement mitigations to help manage the impact of the tariffs. I'll now shift our focus to discussing our results for the quarter. Overall, we achieved our target growth objective, delivering high single-digit sales growth and double-digit earnings per share growth. First quarter sales grew 7% or more than 8% excluding COVID testing sales. First quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.09 grew 11% versus the prior year and finished at the high end of our guidance range. I'll now summarize our first quarter results in more detail before turning the call over to Phil, and I'll start with nutrition. Year sales increased 7% in the quarter. Growth in the quarter was driven by high single-digit growth in adult nutrition and double-digit growth in US pediatric nutrition. In pediatric nutrition, our relentless focus on research, innovation, and product quality continues to make our Similac family of products the number one choice for parents in the United States. In adult nutrition, growth of 8.5% was driven by growing demand for Abbott Laboratories' Entra family of products, which serve as a source of complete and balanced nutrition for people with a wide range of nutritional needs. Moving to diagnostics, sales declined 5% in the quarter due to the year-over-year decline in COVID-19 testing sales resulting from a much weaker COVID season, which primarily impacted growth in our rapid diagnostics business. In core laboratory diagnostics, low single-digit growth in the quarter reflects the impact of volume-based procurement programs in China. Excluding China, core laboratory sales grew 6.5%.
Robert Ford: And wrapping up in diagnostics, we remain on track to go live by the end of the year with two new manufacturing and R&D investments in Illinois and Texas, totaling half a billion dollars related to expanding our US transfusion diagnostic business. Our transfusion business is responsible for screening the US blood supply. Our current blood screening system, Validity S, runs diagnostic tests to identify if there are antibodies and antigens that may be present in donated blood. We have developed a new system called Alinity N that will allow Abbott Laboratories to enter the molecular nucleic acid testing segment of the blood screening market. This advanced technology is capable of detecting DNA and RNA of several diseases that could potentially contaminate blood donations. The nucleic acid testing market opportunity is estimated to be around a billion dollars and represents an attractive new growth opportunity for our business. Turning to EPD, where sales increased 8% in the quarter. Growth was broad-based across the markets we serve, led by double-digit growth in more than half of our key fifteen markets. We continue to make great progress on building a best-in-class portfolio of biosimilars that spans across several large and attractive therapeutic areas. In January, we entered into an agreement that provides Abbott Laboratories commercialization rights to four additional biosimilars across emerging markets in Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa. Through the various collaboration agreements we have executed, we have now added a total of fifteen biosimilar products projected to contribute to sales over the next three years. And I'll wrap up with medical devices, where sales grew 12.5%. In diabetes care, sales of continuous glucose monitors were $1.7 billion in the quarter and grew more than 20%, including growth of 30% in the United States. In electrophysiology, sales grew 10%, which included double-digit growth in the US and high single-digit growth in international markets. In March, we announced that Abbott Laboratories obtained CE Mark earlier than expected for our Volt PFA system to help treat patients battling atrial fibrillation. We have already initiated the launch of Volt and will further expand the rollout across European markets over the course of the year. In structural heart, growth of 15% was driven by strong performance across our market-leading portfolio of surgical valves, structural interventions, and transcatheter repair and replacement products. Growth in the quarter was led by continued share gains in TAVR and growing adoption of TriClip. In March, new two-year data from the Trilumet clinical trial was presented at the American College of Cardiology Conference. The data showed that patients receiving TriClip had a statistically significant reduction in the occurrence of heart failure-related hospitalizations along with sustained reductions in tricuspid regurgitation and life-changing improvements in quality of life. In Rhythm Management, growth of 6% was led by consistent and sustained market penetration of Aveir, our innovative leadless pacemaker, and Assert, our newest implantable cardiac monitor. In heart failure, growth of 12% was driven by our market-leading portfolio of heart assist devices, which offer treatment for chronic and temporary conditions. In January, CMS issued a national coverage decision to cover CardioMEMS, a small implantable sensor that provides early warning indications to help doctors treat heart failure. This expanded coverage will broaden access to CardioMEMS for those with Medicare Advantage plans and help further expand coverage to those with commercial insurance plans. In vascular, growth of 6% was led by double-digit growth in vascular imaging and vessel closure products, and growth from Esprit, our below-the-knee resorbable stent. In March, we announced the start of our US pivotal trial to evaluate our coronary intravascular lithotripsy system in treating severe calcification in the coronary arteries prior to implanting stents. We expect to complete enrollment in this trial next year and file for FDA approval shortly thereafter. We look forward to entering this large and fast-growing segment of the coronary intervention market and expect this to become a meaningful growth driver for our vascular business. And lastly, neuromodulation. We began treating patients in our TRANSCEND clinical trial, a first-of-its-kind trial designed to evaluate using deep brain stimulation to address treatment-resistant depression, which represents a market opportunity exceeding a billion dollars. So in summary, we delivered another quarter of top-tier performance. Sales grew high single digits, and earnings per share grew double digits. We expanded gross margin by 140 basis points and operating margin by 130 basis points compared to the prior year. Our pipeline continues to provide a steady cadence of new growth opportunities, with more than 25 key new products forecasted to launch over the next three years. We are on track to deliver on the financial commitments we set at the beginning of the year. I'll now turn the call to Phil.
Phil Boudreau: Thanks, Robert. As Mike mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis. Turning to our first quarter results, sales increased 6.9% or 8.3% when excluding COVID testing-related sales. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.09 increased 11% compared to the prior year and finished at the high end of our guidance range and above the consensus estimate. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 2.8% on the first quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the US dollar weaken, which resulted in a favorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at the time of our earnings call in January. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin profile was 57.1% of sales, which increased 140 basis points compared to the prior year. This increase was driven by delivering on the underlying organic margin expansion we forecasted and also included an added benefit of more favorable fall-through from foreign exchange. Gross margin expansion has always been a significant element of company culture. At any point in time, a substantial number of margin improvement initiatives are underway that span across our businesses as well as our functional areas, including supply chain, marketing, and other administrative groups. I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge the valuable contributions from our Abbott Laboratories employees around the world who are driving these exceptional margin expansion results.
Phil Boudreau: Turning our focus back to the first quarter results, adjusted R&D was 6.7% of sales, and adjusted SG&A was 29.5% of sales in the first quarter. Adjusted operating margin was 21% of sales, which reflects an increase of 130 basis points compared to the prior year. Based on current rates, we now expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of around 1% on the full-year reported sales, which includes an expected unfavorable impact of around half of a percent on the second quarter reported sales. Lastly, for the second quarter, we forecast adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.23 to $1.27. With that, we'll now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will conduct a question and answer session. As a reminder, to ask a question, you will need to press star one one on your telephone. You will then hear an automated message advising you that your hand is raised. To withdraw your question, please press star one one again. Please use your speakerphone when asking your question. And our first question will come from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Oh, great. Good morning. Congrats on a good quarter and thanks for taking the questions. Robert, I'll just ask them both together since they're sort of related. First, on the full-year guidance update, it looks like it moves a little lower when you back out the or it stays the same when you back out COVID tests but moves a little lower including that. But you were able to hold EPS for the full year even including the recently announced tariffs. And I guess that's the elephant in the room is tariffs. So maybe you could walk us through the impact of that, how it hits the balance sheet and P&L timing. You know, we're all trying to figure out what does it look like on a full year. So maybe some of the offsets you talked about, the flexibility in the manufacturing footprint, how you're using that to your advantage. And I'll leave it there. Thanks a lot.
Robert Ford: Sure, Robbie. I mean, listen, I think the maintaining of our guidance range, you know, we've had a great first quarter here and achieved what we wanted to achieve from, you know, a target growth perspective. You know, high single-digit sales growth, double-digit EPS growth. We talked about getting back to that formula and, you know, excluding COVID testing sales, which I could tell you right now are our lowest gross margin product, you know, we grew over 8%. So I think on the top line, everything that we've kind of put in place we feel very good about as evidenced in our first quarter. Gross margin expansion is a key element of our plan to get back to double-digit EPS. To your question on tariffs, it's going to be an important muscle to exercise here in really strong performance here. I think we guided 70 basis points of improvement, then we saw about 140 in the first quarter. So really strong performance for the team there. And then the pipeline to kind of sustain the growth, Robbie, I think you saw a lot of activity this first quarter, whether it's the Volt CE mark, beginning of our IVL trial, the NCD for CardioMEMS, the new data on TriClip. So there's a lot of great activity there when you think about kind of how we guided in the beginning of the year, everything is pretty certain for us in terms of how we're executing and the expectations we have from the products. I guess the only aspect there of maybe some uncertainty that you raised is the tariff piece. And, you know, I'd say prior to tariffs, prior to the whole tariffs, we were even considering given the momentum that we were seeing in the base business, you know, we're even considering raising our EPS guidance. But, you know, tariffs are here, so we felt reaffirming our guidance is already, I think, a pretty strong statement. We've completed a pretty strong assessment of every possible different type of scenario. Not just in what it could how it could impact us, but more importantly, Robbie, how what are the different scenarios to be able to mitigate it? So the team has been working, call it, very diligently. I think we only took a break over the weekend to watch the playoff hole, and then we went right back to it. I can tell you, we feel very comfortable right now with the information that we've got and obviously looking at potential scenarios that could arise down the road that we can cover an impact of tariff, which I'd say really two geographies, the United States and China. So right now, we estimate the tariff impact in 2025 to be a few hundred million dollars. That's a half-year impact because I don't see any impact in Q2. And then we start to kind of see the impact happening in Q3. But there are other items here that I'd say are variables related to the tariffs that help offset. I could tell you there's not a lot of R&D slowing down or SG&A slowing down in those mitigation plans. But there are other variables to consider here. FX, we could see what's going on with the dollar as this discussion of tariff is ongoing. Interest rates, tax, there are a lot of, let's call it, levers that, you know, we've got at our disposal, put it this way, to be able to mitigate. Our job here is to manage this in the aggregate and contemplate and contemplate here, you know, trade-offs of the decisions. You know, we're working on I think the key thing here that as we're going through it over the last ten days is there are definitely short-term things that can be done to mitigate and close the gap. And we will be looking at those and delivering on those. But I think more importantly, Robbie, is how can you actually look at these on an ongoing basis? You know, one thing we have learned from tariffs is they don't go away. So whatever comes, it stays and stays for a while. Look at the tariffs that went in place in 2017. They're still there. So we need to think about how do you mitigate this more in a long-term sustainable way. So, yeah, you can use a balance sheet and you can build some inventory, and we'll probably do some of that. But if your entire strategy is building inventory, guess what's going to happen in 2026 or whenever that inventory runs out? So we're really looking at the manufacturing network and optimizing it. As I said in my comments, prepared comments, we've got ninety manufacturing sites across the world. We have the manufacturing strategy and framework that's been in place for decades, Robbie. And, you know, they weren't it's a framework that hasn't been put in place because of tariffs. But it's going to serve us well that same framework when we think about more long-term planning for tariffs. So, hey, I understand the temptation that many of you will have just to, you know, take this number that I've given or a few hundred million dollars and then just double it as an annualized impact, I think it's a little bit too early to do that. Like I said, our manufacturing network has got the ability on a more long-term basis to communicate this considerably. And you just got to have intent. You got to have a balance sheet, obviously, to be able to make the CapEx investments. Some of them take longer. Some of them you can do pretty fast. I mean, think about what we did during COVID, where we built three ISO-certified GMP clean remediators manufacturing. We did it in, you know, three months. So, you know, there is opportunity to do that also. But I think the key thing here is, you know, how do you balance the short-term, the medium-term, and the long-term? And we're not putting everything in a short-term even though we are going to leverage, you know, some of those variables that I talked about, FX, interest, tax, etcetera. But we're really focusing on how to mitigate this going forward. So thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Hey, Robert. Just wanted to focus on the EP franchise. You know, we're headed into the Heart Rhythm Society meeting next week. You just got approval for Volt in Europe. You put up a nice balanced quarter here. So maybe just kind of give us a kind of a state of the union and your, you know, how you're feeling about that business in 2025 and beyond, and just remind us of kind of the US approval timeline for Volt. Thanks for taking the question.
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, listen. I've always felt bullish about our strategy. I think many of you in your reports a couple of years ago probably wouldn't have anticipated that, you know, last year with all the PSA that we would have been the second fastest-growing competitor. And that's basically the strategy that the team delivered, but more importantly, the execution of it. So I think we had great success, and you saw that success continue into Q1, you know, without Volt. So I think the announcement of Volt was a little earlier than we expected, and that's a good thing, obviously. And, you know, the initial feedback that my team has shared with me has been very, very positive. Obviously, we're going to start with a rollout where we'll focus a little bit on the users that were part of our clinical trial, and then we'll start to ramp up that as we go into the second half of the year. I think the data that presented at the European part of the meeting was very strong. It stacked up very well against the other products. Obviously, it's always difficult to compare, you know, trial to trial. There's different, you know, patients. There's different kind of protocols. But I think in general, the data that presented was very strong. And then I think the integration here is key. I think we continue to be the market leader in the mapping of PFA cases. At least that's what we saw in Q1. And so we've got a built-in scale and capability here to drive, you know, to drive the adoption. I think that, you know, some of the advantages that I think our product has, we talked about not just the integration, but I think the balloon feature is perfect for PBI. A lot of stability, optimizes contact. As I think we've said, not only in conferences, but I also said, I think we think contact matters and visualization of contact matters. I think there's less muscle contraction, especially with lower anesthesia or the use of just sedation. So anyways, I think the product's going to do really well. I think it's going to do what we intended it to do. Related to timelines here in the US, you know, we'll be reporting data out and, you know, we'll be submitting it this year and, you know, I'm very optimistic that, you know, we should see an approval, you know, as I'm cautious here, Larry, because I hate giving predictions. But, you know, I'd say right now, our timeline is, you know, probably beginning of next year. Might be surprised on that, but I think that's a good kind of base case to have. And then the investments in the business are going very well too. I think the teams have done a really good job, not only with the mapping and the infrastructure we have out in the field, but also the R&D focus there. We've completed enrollment of our FocalFlex trial for CE Mark, and, you know, that's combining the RF and the PSA on the TacticFlex catheter. So I feel good. I feel good about where we are. I feel good about what the team's doing. You know, and as we accelerate the launch of Volt into international markets in the second half of the year, I think I said in the beginning of this year, I think the second half of the year will be better than the first half.
Larry Biegelsen: Alright. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Travis Steed from B of A Securities. Your line is open.
Travis Steed: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. Just a few follow-ups on the tariff side. For the few hundred million half-year impact, just want to make sure that assumes kind of current rates as they are today and, you know, curious if assume China is probably the bigger portion of that. I don't know if there's any color you could kind of give on how you got to that impact. But it sounds like you really don't want us kind of to run rate down into 2026 yet because you think there's a lot of offsets. And when you think about the offsets, curious, you know, is network protocol included in that? Do you think kind of the diabetes business fits under that protocol? You know, how much of this can you offset with pricing? But you think a lot of the offsets are really going to be around moving around manufacturing and changing around the supply chain.
Robert Ford: Yeah. Sure. I think a question on FX rates, yeah, we're making an assumption that on that mitigation as rates are as of today, you know, there you can make an argument. Some of them have kind of gotten even the dollar has gotten even weaker versus some of them. So, yeah, we're making that assumption. Regarding US and China, you know, I'd say right now on that initial forecast, I'd say there's I'd say that's pretty evenly split. But I think as we think about mitigations more long-term, I think we've got opportunities across both of them. I think one thing that is important to keep in mind is we've always had a view with our manufacturing framework. And, like I said, this has been in place for decades. Two key tenets here, Travis. One, align the manufacturing as close as possible to the customer and then have an appropriate amount of redundancy. So, you know, the advantages of being close to your customer, I mean, you can get efficiencies and a lot of cost advantages there. It allows you to tap into local talent. But more importantly for us, it's always when you match your against FX. So it doesn't do much for it to protect the top line, but it definitely helps protect the EPS. And so a very large percent of our sales here in the US are sourced from US products. And then we try and mitigate risk by spreading that manufacturing network out. So a good example of that is Libre, for example, where we've got six manufacturing sites for Libre, a total of six. And of those six, two are in the United States. And obviously, those manufacturing in the United States serve the US demand. And then the other sites outside of the United States service OUS demand. We did that with COVID too. Binax was made in the US for the US, and Panbio was made outside the US for international markets. So that's going to allow us to kind of mitigate a lot of this. You know, if we had put all of our manufacturing in Southeast Asia or put all of our manufacturing in Europe, then that might be a little bit more complicated. But we've always had a view of kind of being able to spread it out and mitigate the risk that way. You know, tariff wasn't on the list of risks, but, you know, it provides a lot of maneuverability on this. So, yeah, I think you mentioned, you know, different opportunities to be able to, you know, offset impacts. Yeah. You mentioned one, but there are lots of other opportunities to do that. And, you know, we're looking at all of those. Those, you know, those help. Those help to be more sustainable, but, you know, somebody could decide to not want to be part of those agreements. So we've got to really leverage the manufacturing network that we have if you really want to make it sustainable. And I think those are the two areas that we're going to be looking at. And focusing on those two markets.
Travis Steed: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from David Roman from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
David Roman: Good morning. Thank you for all the color here on tariffs. Obviously, a topic we're watching very closely. Maybe you could switch over to some of the business performance metrics here. And could you maybe talk to us a little bit about the broader diagnostic strategy here, certainly understanding the unique dynamics of VBP influencing the business in China. If you think about where you're positioned and how you accelerate this business back toward end market growth, what are the key products that can help you do that? And are you thinking about M&A in this category to support a turn in the growth rate?
Robert Ford: Yeah. Sure. Listen. Yeah. A little disappointing on the diagnostic side. Yeah. Part of it was COVID, but, you know, we've also got some improvements to be made here. I'd say specifically in China, David, your point, I mean, we're seeing growth in our business. In our diagnostic business everywhere except China. Outside of China this quarter, we grew around 7%, which has been in line with our Core Lab overall growth rate. US grew 7%, and if you remove kind of the capital piece and just focus on the consumables, it was over 8%. EMEA grew 7%, Latin America grew mid-teens. Our transfusion business grew 7%. So I think we're seeing good performance here. It's really been a challenge here, as I mentioned, as you mentioned, which is China. And it's really price-driven. On VDPs. I think if you look at what's happened in other VDPs, at least the ones that we've been part of, when you bid on those businesses, yeah, you have a price hit, but you have an offset because you're part of a smaller group of competitors who are picking up volume. This one here was very different in that everybody, all manufacturers, stayed on the market, maintained their contracts, but we took these price hits. So we're really here faced with the price hit and no volume offset. So the team is doing a good job right now. Let's say, at navigating this. We're going to have to do better in some of the other geographies, and I know the teams are looking at how to accelerate even more our growth rate in the other markets. It's a delicate balance. You place a lot more capital, and that's going to hit your gross margin. So we've kind of looked at this being a kind of a, you know, between a 7% to 9% growth where we can grow above the market and still expand margins. So the team is looking carefully at how to do that, but offset some of that challenge coming out of China. We're just going to have to go through this. And still an important market. It's still got good profitability, but you're just going through the cycle here. Of VBP that is a little bit different from what we've seen in the past where you don't have the volume offset. Your question on M&A, yeah, this is a, you know, we believe diagnostics is critical to health care. Seventy percent of health care decisions involve a diagnostic test. Which is why we've been investing in this business. Talking about expanding our portfolio in the blood bank business with the nucleic acid testing system. I think that's going to be a great opportunity for our business. We're excited about, you know, showing the product to our customers this year and start working on really composing an offering here that you can have both serology and nucleic acid testing, you know, with Abbott Laboratories. Combined with all the automation and all the other digital services we provide, we think it's a real strong offering there. Other opportunities in diagnostics. Yeah. Sure. There are. I've been public about areas that we would be looking at in the M&A world being medical devices and diagnostics. But, you know, we've got opportunities to do that, but we've also got opportunities to do it organically.
David Roman: And maybe just a related follow-up on that last point. I think on the last call, it sounded like M&A might become a more important part of your capital allocation strategy. Maybe just update us on how you're thinking about that and any comments on how NEC might be influencing capital deployment priorities?
Robert Ford: Absolutely no impact whatsoever on capital allocation priorities and update on commentary on M&A. I mean, David, there is no update in the sense that the mindset hasn't shifted. Right? Which is yes, we're looking at opportunities in devices and diagnostics. Yes. We have opportunities to add to our business. We've got a strong balance sheet to be able to do that. We're going to look at things strategically. We're going to look at things also from a financial lens. We can be selective in the sense that we feel that we've got a growth model here that allows us to sustain this organic growth rate, this high single-digit organic growth rate. So it allows us to ensure that we're not only being strategic about it, but we're also being disciplined about how we're thinking about it. As I said, ROIC matters to us. Profitability matters for us. I think even more important in today's environment. Protecting your EPS, protecting your profitability, I think, is important. At least for us, it's going to be important. So regarding an update on M&A thoughts, there's no update on our thinking, on our framework.
David Roman: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys. Congrats on a nice print here and thanks for taking my question. Robert, just on maybe the top line here. The 7.5% to 8.5% organic, which is that's pretty impressive considering the macro. What drives the back half acceleration rate when we look at Q1 starting point of 7%? Are we looking at, you know, Volt is, you know, stepping up or is this China, which is, you know, assuming China improves in the back half? Maybe walk us through it from Q1.
Robert Ford: Yeah. I mean, I think it's when we guided back in January, Vijay, we kind of guided to this, you know, second half better than the first half. And there's a couple of things there. First of all, I think you've got the impact of new kind of product launches kind of ramping up. And that obviously contributes to the growth rate in the second half. You mentioned one product, that's one. But as you're familiar with our pipeline, we've got a lot of recently launched products that as you go scaling up, you know, that scale goes building, and then it goes accelerating. So I think that's a key driver. And then the second part, I'd say is comps. If you remember, you know, the VBP really started to really impact us, you know, kind of last year, you know, Q3, Q4. So I expect that, you know, lapping some of those VBP components and diagnostics will be a contributor. And then if you remember also last year in Q3, we had some challenges on our nutrition business. Just some commercial execution challenges that we had a pretty big significant kind of drop in our nutrition, in our international churn of, you know, regaining the share in some of those markets. And so that's the other component I would say is, like, you know, these are two pretty big comps. If you look at Q3, you know, that was a pretty kind of low point, I'd say, for our nutrition business in the year. So that's kind of high level how the math works.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And maybe one on the gross margins here. I think the prior guide is perhaps 60 to 80 basis points step up. Is the, I guess, the tariff, is that hitting gross margin? Is that a COGS impact? How should we think about gross margins here for the back half?
Phil Boudreau: Yeah, Vijay. It's Phil. And, yes, exactly, you highlighted here. We guided a strong gross margin into the year after nice sequential growth each quarter last year and very pleased with Q1. Delivering on that actually being a little bit better than what we had modeled or forecasted here, along with the benefit of the FX movement. Here. So those help serve as some of the offsets to the tariffs, which would largely be felt in the gross margin.
Vijay Kumar: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Joanne Wuensch from Citi. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Good morning, and thanks for taking the question and all of the information. I'd like to pivot a little bit to some of the products and particularly the IVL product, which you announced you've begun clinical trials for. And on a second question, some of your structural heart products, this is another quarter of double-digit revenue growth in that segment. That would be great. Thank you so much.
Robert Ford: Sure. It's great to talk about products a little bit, Joanne. So thanks about that. Yeah. So your first question on IVL. Listen, we're excited to enter this category. This is a billion-dollar opportunity right now. We think we see there's a lot of growth. If you remember, this asset came to us through the CSI acquisition that we did a few years ago. So, you know, we saw this as a, like, a really interesting asset that was in there that we could kind of add value. The team's been working on it, and it's great to see that we started to enroll patients in the trial. It's too early to think about kind of timelines here. Like, precise timelines from a quarterly perspective, but I expect to complete enrollment of this trial next year and file for approval next year. I think the catheter that's been that we put into the trial is being viewed as very easy to deliver. And seems like a great tool here to treat severe calcification. So, I've gotten, like, early data on kind of the first cases. They seem to all go very well. You know, praise from the interventionists on the deliverability of it, and I think that's always an important part given our experience in the world of stents. Deliverability is super important. So that's it seems like it's hitting the mark there. And then we also know that there's, you know, obviously, a peripheral market for this. If you think about our portfolio in our vascular business, this would complement it also very well. So I know the team's working on a peripheral program there too, and we'll provide updates on that as we progress. But, yeah, excited about the opportunity. I think it's going to be a meaningful growth driver here for our vascular business, which we've already started to see an improvement on the growth rate. And this will obviously help sustain it. Yeah. On your question on structural heart, yes, 15% growth. We've always talked about, Joanne, this being like moving away from being a single product company and MicroClip to be a full portfolio product. And the investments that we made in R&D during those years post-integration of St. Jude and really kind of building a best-in-class portfolio here, I think is going to pay off. It's paying off now, and I think it's going to pay off long-term also. Navitor is doing really well. We've talked about, you know, the opportunities that we have in TAVR, good share gains in Europe and looking forward to see this investment that we've been making in the US in terms of building our commercial presence, expanding it, looking forward to see that team be able to start to really gain momentum as we progress throughout the year. Keep in mind, we're only in 25% of the cases. It's 5% of the implanting hospitals here in the US. So I think there's a great opportunity for us there. And then, TriClip is another one that has been doing very well. The launch continues to go super. In terms of market share, I think TriClip here is now clearly the preferred option. Safety plays a major role in deciding what to choose and, you know, the safety record here is pretty excellent, not just in the clinical trials, but also in the real world. So I expect this to annualize at around a quarter of a billion dollars but really gaining a lot of momentum as we exit the year for a couple of things. One, we were launching a next generation of TriClip, and it's going to further enhance the ease of use. It simplifies all of the prep work. I've been to a couple of cases, and it's not a pain point, but it's just a nice thing to have to be able to reduce some of that device prep work before. So I think the team's done a really good job there. We also saw the CMS publish their end. I expect that to hit midyear, and that's another great opportunity. But the two-year data, I think, was pretty significant at ACC and really showed, you know, I know there's a lot of question marks about, you know, the endpoint a year ago, but, you know, that really was empowered for one year. You know, and you're starting to see now the benefits on that hard data come out. I think that plays a huge role when you got the safety and you got the hard endpoint. So all in all, I think the structural heart business is going to continue to be in these teen growth rates. And we got opportunities for international expansion too. So and then plus all the R&D work that's ongoing, whether it's balloon expandable, you know, next generation MitraClip, next generation TriClip, next generation Angulet. I mean, it's just really stacked up, and the team's doing a good job. So looking forward for that business to continue to be a contributor in the next few years.
Joanne Wuensch: Excellent. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Jennings from TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Josh Jennings: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Robert, I was hoping to maybe a little bit early for this, but was hoping you could share either what Abbott Laboratories is doing individually or plans to do along with conjunction with AdvaMed and industry to potentially seek exemptions in the US, China, Europe. And should investors hold out hope that exemptions for the medical devices industry specifically could be secured.
Robert Ford: Hey, Josh. I mean, you know, Abbott Laboratories, hope is not a strategy for us. So I would stick away from that. But are we talking with industry association sharing data, sharing information? I think the key thing here is always just getting some of the facts and the data is always important. And I think that's obviously an opportunity that exists to at least make sure that everybody who's making decisions is aware of the facts and data and the implications. So are we actively involved with AdvaMed? Yes. We are. But I also think that, you know, we have to the med tech industry, and you guys know this, is, whatever, six fifty million dollars, seven hundred billion dollars kind of industry, US companies, you know, have a very high share of that global industry around at least over 50%. So I think it is in the interest of the US to make sure that we protect the innovation, that we protect the investment in R&D. And a lot of the manufacturing in med tech is done, I would say, mostly in the US already. So yes, there's opportunities to have conversations, and that's part of our strategy. But hope is not one of them. So we're, you know, we're working through weekends and thinking about how we're going to do this on a long-term basis.
Josh Jennings: Understood. Thanks for that. And then just one follow-up. You know, I know the macro conditions are evolving rapidly. There have been some events Abbott Laboratories specifically with the NEC litigation over the past twelve months. Just was hoping for an update on how you and your team are thinking about the diversified model at Abbott Laboratories. It served the company well for decades. But any updates just on the potential to unlock value, a number of other competitors have been either divesting or spinning out business units. I was hoping to get your thoughts here in early 2025.
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean, you threw a couple of things in there. You know, the fact that we had this ongoing litigation on NEC doesn't necessarily kind of lead us down a path of, you know, whether businesses are here to drive value or not. So I'm going to move the litigation piece aside here, to be quite honest with you. Listen, we've always looked at the value of our diversified model. As long as you're in the right places, it provides a lot of shots on goal. And then it allows us to manage through moments of uncertainty, you know, in the global market. And I made reference to that in my opening statements. And we've shown plenty of examples of how that model has actually helped us. The key thing here is, you know, are these businesses operating at the highest level? And are we driving the value through them? I mean, you guys can do some of the parts. I think that we're pretty fairly valued, I guess, if you were to kind of do that analysis. You know, there's always going to be a little bit of a disconnect there. But I think we're operating as businesses each at the highest level. And, you know, I think they provide us with a strategic advantage that very few health care companies have. We have a unique perch where we get to see the entire spectrum of health care through nutrition, through diagnostics, through pharmaceuticals, through medical technologies, and we think that's a competitive advantage. But we look at our portfolio always on an ongoing basis. We continue to evaluate whether there's an opportunity to create value. I talked about these questions we ask ourselves. Is there an opportunity to create value? And is there somebody else that could, you know, be a better owner of our business? And for me right now, those two questions are no. They're not. And we just got to keep driving and executing, and I think you've seen, you know, you've seen us as a company. You know, we've engaged in these probably long before. These were, you know, these were the portfolio moves to juror, I'd say, that we're seeing right now. I got to get to ask yourself some of these moves, have they created value to shareholders? So I think that's always a fundamental question.
Josh Jennings: Thanks a lot, Robert.
Mike Comilla: Operator, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from Marie Thibault from BTIG. Your line is open.
Marie Thibault: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. I wanted to ask a question here on Rhythm Management. I think this is the second or third quarter that we've seen really strong results, particularly in the US. And I assume some of this is because of Aveir. Can you catch us up to date on where we are in terms of the rollout? Some of the new data we might be seeing at HRS on left bundle branch. Some of the other opportunities we should be seeing there in Aveir. Thanks.
Robert Ford: Yeah. Thanks, Marie. Yeah. I listen. I think Aveir remains one of the probably one of the most underappreciated opportunities here in our portfolio. I think rarely do you have an opportunity to completely change the standard of care. And I predict that we're going to see that standard of care change in the at least in the pacing market. You know, next five years. I think that the majority of the market is going to be leadless. And I'd say that the key thing for us was to think about, okay, if we think that this is going to be a complete change and change in paradigm and standard of care, we got to make sure that we build a strong enough foundation for that to happen. It is a different implant technique that have been accustomed, have been trained for, you know, decades. So as I've said, we were going to go, I guess you could say we're going to go a little slower to go fast. If you couldn't argue what we've been doing. I mean, I think this will probably exit the year at about half a billion dollars. So I think the teams have done a really good job at establishing that foundation. We've seen an increase in accounts. So we've increased our accounts by about 50%. The amount of physicians that have been trained have been increased by 50%. We've more than doubled the amount of implants per day we're doing. Now, that's not just the expansion of new accounts, but we've actually seen a 30% increase in the monthly implants of the early adopters. So not only are we increasing the penetration to new accounts, but we're also seeing deeper penetration and usage in the accounts that we've already opened. So that gives me confidence that, you know, on the statement that I made that I think this is going to be a complete change in category. And so much so that we've been obviously investing from an R&D perspective on next-generation leadless products. We're going to have a next-generation version come out we're working on that's going to increase the battery life by about 25%. So that's going to be good and important as we think about more increased penetration, you know, younger implants, younger population implants. And then we also talked about developing a leadless conduction system pacing product. This has got a breakthrough designation by the FDA. I'm not going to get too ahead of me in terms of HRS, what you'll see, but our goal is to start the pivotal trial for this product in 2026. So the point here is we believe this is going to fundamentally change. We've made the investments to prepare the market, train the market, condition the market, and we're also making investments in the pipeline also because we believe that's where the standard is going to go. So I think if you looked at our CRM business, you're seeing the impact of that strategy, which is, okay, this has been a business that historically has been flat from our perspective in a single-digit kind of growth market. Over the last couple of years. Thank you for pointing that out. We've been growing around 7%, and I think it's really part of the strategy. So we look forward to HRS. We look forward to, you know, what we're going to be presenting across the entire EP portfolio, not just on the CRM side. On the structural side and also on the ablation side. So I think we're going to have a real good HRS and good data there too. So listen, I'll just I get that there's a lot of questions on tariffs. We've been doing a lot of work, a lot of modeling, but more important, a lot of ways to think about how to mitigate the impacts. Part of my push to the team and push to myself, quite frankly, is we need to figure out how to do this in a way that's sustainable and not just using gap closes, which we will use for sure, but how do we make this more sustainable? I found it interesting. We did not get a single Libre question. So you guys are very concerned on tariffs and macro, but all good there. We've had a good start to the year, and I anticipate that that momentum is going to continue. Gross margin and the operating margin expansion is very important, and I think it's even more important now with the dynamics that we're in. But we're not doing that at the expense of the pipeline. The pipeline continues to provide great new growth opportunities. And, like I said, I think the diversified model here, I think that Josh's question, I think it serves us very well. There's a lot of moving pieces. Maybe it's to Robbie's point, but our job here is to make all that complexity and all those moving pieces into sustained and reliable growth and performance. Which is what we've been doing and what we're going to continue to do. So which is why we've reaffirmed our guidance here, and so we look forward to updating you guys as we go through the year. So with that, I'll wrap up, and thank you for joining us.
Mike Comilla: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your questions. This now concludes Abbott Laboratories' conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11 AM Central Time today on Abbott Laboratories' Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-22 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbotts Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbotts express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Mike Comilla, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Mike Comilla: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Boudreau, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Phil will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, well take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2025. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbotts operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2023. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On todays conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note that Abbott has not provided the related GAAP financial measures on a forward-looking basis, for the non-GAAP financial measures for which the company is providing guidance because the company is unable to predict with reasonable certainty and without unreasonable effort, the timing and impact of certain items, which could significantly impact Abbott's results in accordance with GAAP. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in the press release issued earlier today. With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Ford: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. First, I want to express gratitude to my Abbott colleagues around the world whose hard work and passion with the driving forces of Abbott's continued success. Abbott's commitment to innovation, operational excellence and serving the needs of our customers resulted in another year of exceptional performance, which included achieving sales growth of 9.5% excluded COVID testing, delivering 70 basis points of gross margin profile improvement, driving acceleration in the growth of our earnings per share throughout the year and developing and advancing new products through our rich pipeline. The strong performance resulted in generating $8.5 billion of operating cash flow, which was used to reinvest in the business, fund capacity expansions, repay debt and returned $5 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. These accomplishments played a key role in continuing our well-established track record for delivering on our financial commitments, which included achieving results that finished at the high end of our initial guidance ranges we provided for 2024. These results included exiting the year with a very strong momentum as fourth quarter sales grew 10%, excluding COVID testing sales, and adjusted earnings per share increased 13% versus the prior year. For 2025, we're well positioned to deliver another year of strong growth. As we announced this morning, we forecast organic sales growth to be in the range of 7.5% to 8.5% and adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $5.05 to $5.25, which reflects double-digit growth at the midpoint. I'll now summarize our fourth quarter results in more detail before turning the call over to Phil. I'll start with Nutrition. Our sales increased 7% in the quarter. Growth in the quarter was driven by double-digit growth in adult nutrition, led by our market-leading Ensure and Glucerna brands. We achieved a significant milestone last year with annual sales of Ensure surpassing $3 billion. This achievement helped deliver another year of strong performance in adult nutrition, with annual sales of adult nutrition products growing 9% last year. This strong performance is a continuation of a well-established trend, the five year compound annual growth rate in adult nutrition is 9%, which reflects the impact of our well-known and respected brands, favorable demographic trends, the significant investments we've made to expand manufacturing capacity to serve the growing global demand for our products. Moving to Diagnostics, where sales increased 6%, excluded COVID testing sales. Growth in the quarter was led by rapid diagnostics where excluded COVID testing sales increased 16% in the quarter. This was driven by strong demand for our portfolio of respiratory disease tests used to help diagnose influenza, strep throat and RSV. In Core Laboratory Diagnostics, growth of 4% was driven by continued strong demand for our market-leading immunoassay, clinical chemistry, hematology and blood screening testing panels. Excluding the impact of challenging market dynamics in China, the combined growth in all other markets was double digits in the quarter. Turning to EPD, where sales increased 8.5% in the quarter. Growth was well balanced across markets and therapeutic areas that we participate in, including gastroenterology, women's health, CNS and pain management. EPD also delivered broad-based growth across the markets we serve, including double-digit growth in several countries across Latin America, Southeast Asia and the Middle East. By focusing on the therapies most needed in these faster-growing markets, we continue to sustain our long track record of delivering strong growth, which includes a five-year compound annual growth rate for EPD of 8%. And I'll wrap up with Medical Devices, where sales grew 14%. In Diabetes Care, sales of continuous glucose monitors were $1.8 billion in the quarter and grew 23%. For the full year 2024, sales of continuous glucose monitors were approximately $6.5 billion and grew 22%. This included growth of 27% in the U.S. where our market share on a revenue basis has increased by more than 10 share points over the last three years. In electrophysiology, growth of 9% was well balanced across the U.S. and international markets. As expected, growth in the quarter was impacted by a challenging comparison versus the prior year where we saw a sharp increase in demand for our EnSite cardiac mapping systems as customers prepared for the launch of PFA catheters. Excluding the impact of this prior year comparison dynamic, growth would have been double digits globally in the U.S. and internationally. In Structural Heart, growth of 23% was driven by strong performance across our market-leading portfolio of surgical valves, structural interventions and transcatheter repair and replacement products. Structural Heart represents one of the most attractive areas in the field of medical technologies. It is an area that we have invested in heavily, and we're seeing those investments yield outstanding results. Our comprehensive portfolio of products drove an acceleration in sales growth in Structural Heart throughout the year. In Rhythm Management, growth of 7% was led by AVEIR, our innovative leadless pacemaker and Assert, our newest implantable cardiac monitor, which we launched in the U.S. last year. With growth of 7% for the full year, our Rhythm Management business delivered another year of performance that far exceeded the market, and we expect that to continue this year. Last month, we announced that we completed the first-in-human implant of a new version of AVEIR specifically designed to deliver pacing to the left bundle branch area of the heart, activating the heart's natural conduction system. This highly innovative device currently in development was granted breakthrough designation by the FDA. In Heart Failure, growth of 9.5% was driven by our market-leading portfolio of heart-assist devices, which offer treatment for chronic and temporary conditions. In Vascular, growth of 7% was led by double-digit growth in vessel closure products and growth from Esprit are below-the-knee resorbable stent. And lastly, in Neuromodulation, sales grew 8%, driven by strong demand in international markets for our Eterna rechargeable spinal cord stimulation device. So in summary, we delivered another quarter of strong growth, with sales growing 10% and earnings per share growing 13%. For the year, we achieved the upper end of the initial guidance ranges we provided for 2024. We made great progress expanding our gross margin profile, and we expect that progress to continue into 2025. The pipeline continues to provide a steady cadence of new growth opportunities, and we're well positioned to deliver another year of strong growth in 2025. I'll now turn over the call to Phil.
Phil Boudreau: Thanks, Robert. As Mike mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis. Turning to our fourth quarter results. Sales increased 8.8% on an organic basis and increased 10.1% when excluding COVID testing sales. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 1.4% on fourth quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar strengthen against most currencies, which resulted in unfavorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at the time of our earnings call in October. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 56.9% of sales, adjusted R&D was 6.3% of sales, and adjusted SG&A was 26.3% of sales in the fourth quarter. Lastly, our fourth quarter adjusted tax rate was 15%. Turning to our outlook for 2025. Today, we issued guidance for full year adjusted earnings per share of $5.05 to $5.25, which reflects double-digit growth at the midpoint of the range and contemplates an adjusted earnings per share forecast of $1.05 to $1.09 for the first quarter. For the year, we forecast organic sales growth to be in the range of 7.5% to 8.5%. Please note that we are no longer providing separate guidance for the sales growth, excluding COVID testing sales as COVID testing sales represents less than 2% of total company sales in 2024. Based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of around 2.5% on full year reported sales, which includes an expected unfavorable impact of approximately 3.5% on our first quarter reported sales. We expect our full year 2025 adjusted gross margin profile to be around 57% of sales, which reflects an improvement of around 80 basis points versus the prior year. We forecast our full year 2025 adjusted operating margin profile to be in the range of 23.5% to 24% of sales, which reflects an improvement of 150 basis points versus the prior year at the midpoint of range. This improvement is driven by a combination of strong gross margin expansion and operating margin leverage. We forecast our adjusted tax rate to be in the range of 16% to 17%, which reflects an increase compared to last year related to the adoption of the Pillar 2 tax framework. With that, we'll now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a nice quarter and guide. And maybe, Robert, I could start with the 2025 guide, once again guiding to high single-digit organic sales growth, healthy operating margin expansion, and nice to see 10% EPS growth back in the algorithm again. Maybe you could just speak to some of the key growth drivers and how we should think about the different business segments on the top line and some of the components of the operating margin expansion down the P&L? Thanks a lot.
Robert Ford: Sure, Robbie. Yes, it's nice to see kind of the headline print now back to double-digit EPS growth. I think that's probably one of the things that -- it's one of the things you'll see now, Robbie, as we go into 2025. I mean, you've got a lot of growth drivers there. But I think one of the big things is that you don't have the COVID sales decline cloud that's kind of overshadowing all these real strong growth drivers that we got in the business. And you saw that in Q3 as we showed 13% EPS -- sorry, in Q4 as we showed 13% EPS growth. So I think that's one big aspect. It's just not having those sales decline. I mean we've got COVID sales in 2025, but it's, as Phil said in his comments, significantly less from our total revenue perspective. I think it starts with the top line always, Robbie, and the markets that we compete in, they remain attractive. We're seeing acceleration in several of them. I mean we're a very diversified healthcare companies so we get to benefit from all the different dynamics that are going on in healthcare, whether it's increased health and wellness focus from consumers, we get to benefit from that on our Nutrition business. Every treatment requires a diagnostic test, about 70% of them require diagnostic test, so we're seeing continued growth over there. And then we've got two areas where we focus on treatments, whether it's pharmaceuticals or med tech. And so all of those markets, they're accelerating. And then within them, we've got strong product portfolios that are either keeping up with these very high-growth markets, or we're outperforming the market and taking shares. And if you look at the contributions, we've got your current drivers, whether it's Libre, TriClip, Aveir, Navitor, Amulet, all of those products in the cardiovascular space. So the bases are loaded, I would call that. And then you've got a nice on-deck circle and the lineup of Abbott that are coming up right after that, whether it's biosimilars, volt, innovations in the Libre portfolio, some clinical trial readouts. So I think we feel very good about all of the businesses, and you saw all of the businesses improved their growth from Q3 to Q4. So I think it starts with the top line, and I think we're well positioned in them. To your question on the margin drivers, I'd say we've got -- we've done a lot of work on gross margin expansion. We've talked about that committing to a 70-basis-point improvement in 2024. We achieved that. We believe that we can achieve another 80 basis points of improvement in 2025, and that's what's embedded in that guide is continuous improvement on the gross margin in the tune of 80 basis points, will be driven by continued focus on gross margin improvement programs and then mix as some of the higher gross margin products continue to grow ahead of the company average, you get that mix effect. And then down the P&L, I think you've got an opportunity, as we've talked about in the past, to be able to leverage the business and obtain spending leverage across the business. And again, I think that was another challenge we had during COVID or as the COVID was coming down, we really only relied on one lever of margin expansion, which was gross margin equipment. I'd say now you've got two. We actually have two, which is our original formula, gross margin expansion and then spending leverage. So you put all that together, you've got about 16% actually underlying growth in the EPS coming from the top line, the gross margin improvement and the spending leverage. And then we've got, obviously, some friction on FX. I think every company is going to face that as we've seen the strengthening dollar, and increased tax rates, which also aren't a surprise. We've known about that. And so that brings us down to that 10%. So I kind of look at this and say, okay, what you've seen now for 2025 is the Abbott that we know, the Abbott identity that we built, which is high single-digit top line, double-digit bottom line, gross margin improvement, spending, leverage and productivity, strong operating cash flow. We know how to deal with FX. So we deal with it every year, and we're dealing with it again this year and still being able to deliver double-digit EPS. Dealing with a higher tax rate, so I think I saw some notes about calendarization about maybe Q1 not coming in. I could tell you, we looked at our Q1 and all of our gating or EPS is very much aligned to what it was in 2024. It's very much aligned to what it was pre-COVID. So again, all the elements of Abbott and the Abbott identity that we know are there, and we're looking forward to 2025.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So Robert, I guess you talked about, it starts with the top line. You had another really strong year for CGM with over 20% constant currency growth of $6.5 billion in sales. So I'd love to hear you talk about your expectations for growth in 2025. The status of the Libre 3 supply issues and any color you have on the Lingo launch? Thank you.
Robert Ford: Sure. So let me talk about Libre 3 supply. As we spoke about during the last call, Larry, there was a little bit of a mismatch, but our manufacturing coming up online and the demand that we were seeing, especially here in the US. That caused a little bit of friction there, but as I said, we were in process of getting our new manufacturing site up and running. I was there in November and seen the team and that's going now at full force. So Libre 3 supply with two manufacturing sites up and running and I think you'll start to see throughout the next one or two quarters a change here and a little bit on the NBRxs on the TRxs. I know you guys like to look at those quite often, I guess, those are an important metric to look at it, Larry, but they're not the only metric to see how the businesses are doing. I mean, I think you saw that in our Q4. We're able to grow the US 24%. So there are other elements that aren't measured. I think you also -- you guys also saw the impact of relying exclusively on those data's in Q3 as competitors had challenges also. So it's an important metric to look at, but I would say, it's not the only ones, and I think we've kind of shown that here. So Libre 3 is doing pretty well and it's just going to get better. As I look at 2025, I'd say there are some pretty interesting kind of growth drivers here for us. I'd say, first, as a base case, I still think there's under-penetration in the intensive insulin using segment. I mean, if you look at the US, there's still 25% of that segment that are not on CGMs, and if you think about that international, it's more like 50%. So I still think as a base case to driving all this growth, there's all this opportunity in this segment, but I think there are three areas in 2025 that I believe accelerates that opportunity for us. One of them is obviously basal coverage. And we continue to see with the publication of more clinical evidence, you see more and more markets move towards expanding basal coverage, reimbursement coverage. Now we have a couple of markets where we're the only ones that do have that coverage, whether it's Japan or Canada. These are large markets. So these are great opportunities for us where we've got this head start and we'll keep on driving that. So I think Basel is a big bucket of growth. I think the other area that I talked about as being an area of growth for us is more a kind of share -- ability to take share, and that's through connectivity strategies with insulin delivery systems. We've been talking about all the things that we've been doing with regards to partnership with insulin pump companies. And I think you'll see throughout this year several announcements on connectivity in different geographies, and that's gives us the opportunity to penetrate, albeit a smaller segment, but be able to penetrate that segment and take share. And I think the third area of growth for us of acceleration is just the whole OTC non-diabetes application with the launch of Lingo continue to see very nice trends. We've launched it in a restricted number of U.S. cities, but I think now that we understand what it takes to be able drive adoption with this completely different consumer segment that we'll probably be expanding this and expanding this more nationally here in the U.S. and potentially looking at other areas internationally due to bring this. So I think the Lingo launch is going very well. In several areas, I think, it surpassed some of my expectations, especially regarding reorder rates. And I think those continue, and I think that's going to be another kind of leg of the stool so as to say on growth. So I think those are really the kind of growth drivers that we've got planned for Libre. I think the insulin -- intensive insulin segment is still an opportunity, a pretty significant opportunity. And then you've got these three accelerators on top of that.
Larry Biegelsen: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Travis Steed from BofA Securities. Your line is open.
Travis Steed: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about EP growth, so still strong high single digits in the quarter, and I think it was even faster than that, excluding the tough mapping comp. There's a lot of things moving around in that market right now. One competitor had a big setback in DSA and your progress is moving forward with both. So just thinking about how you're thinking about EP growth in 2025 as you bridge the PFA in 2026 and your ability to kind of regain market share once both launches?
Robert Ford: Sure. Yes, I mean, I think this was not a surprise for us, and it wasn't really driven by any kind of adoption of PFA regarding our Q4 growth rate. In fact, as I've said in previous calls, I think the net effect for us -- net-net effect for us has actually been very positive. What we did have was an execution of that strategy, Travis, where we said, okay, we're going to bridge ourselves, and one of the ways to do that is through our mapping. And that's what really drove our success in 2024 is we did in Q4 of 2023, really taking advantage of our ability to offer the only real open -- truly open mapping system. So that created that comp issue. It was double digits in Q4, 12% in the U.S., 12% internationally. So still seem very good. And I think, again, I would say, these results, I think we outperformed a lot of the expectations that many of you guys had about our EP business. And I think the driver of that has been the team. The team in the field has just been spectacular, I think. And I've been close to them last year and I think what they did was really strong. So, I guess I answered your question in 2025, really looking at what we did in 2024. And I expect to continue to benefit in 2025 from the -- just the general increasing procedure trends. We've got opportunities to grow with some recently launched products, whether it's our GridX, our next-generation mapping catheter, our new Agilis Introducer Sheath, I mean that's a great opportunity for us also. So, yes, it's going to be a little bit more competitive. It's been pretty competitive in 2024. I expect that intensity to increase when it comes to the ablation catheters. But I'm confident that we can maintain a strong position in the mapping segment and everything that comes with all the consumables that come with that. On top of that, our pipeline is very strong. We'll continue to engage KOLs and our customers. We've got an ongoing trial right now with a dual energy source catheter internationally and in the U.S. We've got integration with ICE. We've got kind of new sheets to launch. So, I think the pipeline allows us to continue that interaction with the KOLs and with the users. So, we should expect -- I think you mentioned bridging to PFA in 2026. It's more like 2025 on PFA, at least internationally. So, I feel good about it. And maybe you've got a tail of two halves, where the second half is going to grow faster than the first half as Volt comes on board. But I'd say, for the full year, high single-digits seems like a good place to start, call that our base case. And then to the point that you made about competition and some of the dynamics that have occurred in the last couple of weeks, it's still a little bit too early to tell, but that could be an opportunity for us also. So, I feel good about the business, not only the pipeline, but more importantly, the team that we've got. They're doing an incredible real strong job.
Travis Steed: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hi Robert. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a strong finish to the year. I guess I had a two-part question, if you don't mind. Really strong operating margins, driven both by gross margins and operating leverage, but your gross margins are still below pre-pandemic levels. So, I'm curious, when you look at the margins, how sustainable are these trends, perhaps not at triple-digits, but should we be thinking about trend margin framework as gross margins normalize? And my second part is on balance sheet. I'm curious there's been some M&A activity picking up in MedTech. How you're thinking about devices versus diagnostics? I'm curious any thoughts on that cancer screening, MRD, et cetera?
Robert Ford: I'll let Phil talk to the gross margin and the sustainability of that margin improvement, and then I'll take your balance sheet question.
Phil Boudreau: Yes. Thanks, Robert and Vijay here. On the gross margin front, I think we spoke to this in the last few calls and nothing here has really changed relative to an underlying focus of the business and of the organization, as Robert touched on here. I think the difference in recent years causing that erosion was the significant inflation in commodity prices, which has really resorted back to, I'd call it, normalized inflationary pressures that we're very much accustomed to managing through with our organizations and focus on gross margin expansion. And so what you saw in 2024 was exactly that, the recipe we're accustomed to and the commitment in 2025 to do much of the same. So from expense standpoint, we expect this to continue, and it's not a matter of if, but when we get back to the legacy and historical gross margin profiles.
Robert Ford: Yeah. I guess on your question on balance sheet. I've always talked about this, Vijay. I mean, we do take this kind of balanced approach. I'm not going to give you a formula of how much goes to here, how much goes to their. We do take a balanced approach. And on your M&A question, yeah, there's been an uptake of activity, no doubt. There are some good opportunities out there and whether -- and I don't think you're going to see a change in rate environment, but maybe on the regulatory environment, I think that creates opportunity. I've said that we've got a strong organic pipeline. It allows us to be selective. It allows us to look at opportunities that make sense strategically, but also generate an attractive return. I talked about how ROIC is important for us also. So not just top line, but return on that capital. So we do take a position here of being stewards of that capital. So I'd say, yes, we're in great position. We do have some debt to pay down this year, which we will. I don't anticipate rates coming down to the point that we might want to look at refinancing that. So we'll pay off that debt. It's about $1.5 billion this year. But even with that, we're in a great position with our balance sheet to be able to leverage opportunities that we'll see, talked about them. There's opportunities in med-tech, there's opportunities in diagnostics, and we're in a great position, and it allows us to be selective.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Josh Jennings from TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Josh Jennings: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I echo Vijay's congrats on a strong finish to the year. Another margin question just because the operating margin guidance for 2025 was some stronger than expected, I think you talked about a lot of the drivers, Robert and Phil, but just a continued positive mix shift from stronger macro device contributions and the strong top line growth. But I was hoping you may just help us think through just the margin expansion opportunities in EPD, Nutrition and Diagnostics. And just with the outsized expansion in 2025, how should we be thinking about sustained open expansion in 2026 and beyond? And then should we be thinking about 50 to 100 basis points a year? I appreciate you taking the question.
Robert Ford: Yeah. I'd like to get to that pre-pandemic gross margin. I mean, I know we talk a lot about this being behind where we were from a pre-pandemic. But our op margin profile, especially after our guidance for 2025 is actually ahead of that. So we've been able to achieve that through our spending and spending efficiencies. But I think that's the right range to have. I mean I think we've always had this notion. I mean, I talked about being able to offset FX and things like that and not provide any surprises. That's part of the algorithm there, which is we're just constantly having to address gross margin. It's not like this initiative either because of inflation or bits of tariffs or anything like that, it's just we're constantly working to improve gross margins. I'd say, on the nutrition side, those gross margins, given what we encountered over the last two years, those came down. But if you look at them, they have been improving sequentially almost like every quarter. We've got a ways to go to get back to where we were in 2022, Josh. That's a little bit more dependent on commodities and freight and distribution, things like that. But I think the teams have got a really good strategy here of kind of working on cost to serve and even, quite frankly, using some pricing where we felt we had to because of some of the increase in those commodities. So I think the Nutrition gross margin is definitely an opportunity that we've got over the next couple of years. The pharmaceutical teams have done an incredible job at maintaining a gross margin under pretty significant FX. I mean they do a fantastic job at offsetting FX. If you look at the margin profile in that business, it's actually increased several -- couple of hundred basis points over the last couple of years. So they've been able to do that also through gross margin. And I think the other element is just ensuring that we keep on driving the med tech business that have accretive gross margins quite frankly, across all of those different business units. And if we can continue to do that, then that's how you get to that model of maybe 50 to 100 basis points every single year. That's our target. We committed to 70, and we deliver to 70, we're now committing to 80 for 2025. And getting us closer to where we were pre pandemic. So I feel good about what we're doing, the strategy we got in place, the discipline that we have as a management team to review these programs and dedicate time. They don't just happen. We got to make decisions. There's oversight. So I feel good about it.
Josh Jennings: Excellent. Thanks, again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from David Roman from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
David Roman: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I was hoping, Robert, you could go into a little bit more detail on the Structural Heart business. As you kind of break down the pieces that portfolio, you have a balance of drivers, some more legacy like MitraClip and some that are more emerging categories, like TriClip and the tricuspid repair segment. But maybe you could help us think about the evolution of that business, which did very nicely through 2024, and how we should think about that into 2025? And maybe I could just contextualize the broader outlook here, and I appreciate your comments about getting back to the Aveir of high single-digit top line and double-digit bottom line. But it looks like 2025 does carry some headwinds that may prove to be one-time in nature like VBP dynamics in China on the diagnostics side, the transient competition in EP. So maybe you could kind of give us some color on Structural Heart, but also help contextualize the growth rate in 2025, as we think about the long-term as well?
Robert Ford: Sure. I think it's interesting, like the sixth question comes on Structural Heart after we posted a 23% growth. So thank you, David. As I said in my opening comments, I think this is one of the most attractive areas in med tech. And it's one that we looked at several years ago and said, we're going to build truly a market-leading portfolio of products. And we're not going to just kind of rely on one platform to kind of drive growth, we're really to assemble a full area here and look across the entire area. And even in surgical, I mean I think, I look at our Epic valve, the feedback I keep getting on the surgical side of it is just doing incredibly well and it's really a preferred go-to on the mitral side for surgical repair, but -- replacement. But yeah. I think in the past, David, I think our Structural Heart portfolio was just viewed as MitraClip. And quite frankly, the sales would say, yeah, that's probably the case. But as we've been building out the portfolio, building on our stroke prevention with PFO approval, with Amulet approval and driving growth there, Amulet did very well in Q4 also grew 25%. Getting into the aortic segment, right, and really being a player there that has established now clinical credibility, whether it's through clinical trials, but also actual real-world usage of the product. They've been seeing some of Navitor cases here in the US and just the feedback has been very, very positive. So, building our aortic portfolio there. We're making big investments, whether it's in our clinical trials to build out our indications. We recently talked about -- shared that we are developing a balloon expandable TAVR valve, and we want to have a full aortic portfolio. On the tricuspid side, we were one of the leaders there to say, hey, there's no real good transcatheter opportunity here to treat TR. And TriClip has done very well. It's done extremely well, quite frankly, throughout this year. I think the team has done an incredible job getting approved behind the competitor. I would say right now, our data says that the ratio of repair and replace is about 2:1, and we're leveraging all of that built in kind of infrastructure and scale that we already built with MitraClip. So what you see is a Structural Heart portfolio, $2.5 billion growing, let's call it, mid-teens because it much more diversified and, quite frankly, very competitive products in these high-growth areas. So I think that's going to continue, and we're committed to making these investments. We've got new versions of Amulet launch. We just got an approval for an updated version of TriClip to ease even more of the implant. You're going to see clinical trials read out in this area for label expansion indications in TAVR and in LAA. So this is an area that I think what you're seeing now, that kind of growth rate coming from the investments and just great execution from the team so. What was your -- your question was about growth rate and...
David Roman: Yes, I was trying to speak a second there was just to contextualize the 25% growth rate given some onetime-ish headwinds like VBP in China Diagnostics and the dynamics in EP being potentially kind of transient as well?
Robert Ford: Yeah. I mean, listen, every quarter, every year, there's always going to be some headwind. I want to do is here is assemble David, more tailwinds than headwinds, right? But yeah, I mean, you mentioned one, which is a little bit of a headwind for us in our diagnostic business regarding VBP. That's going to be with us in 2025 as they're rolling out new panels of testing that's going to go through that. But outside of that, I'd say, the diagnostics business is doing very well. Q4 growth rates in most areas were actually higher than the full year growth rate in those same areas, US, Latin America, Europe, even Japan was faster in Q4. So yes, we do have a challenge, but most companies are going to do it. And you know what, we've gone through these, David. Every company goes through a VBP, and what we're trying to do is, okay, we're not going to define the company by having this one kind of headwind. We've got a lot more tailwinds to leverage. We still have deal with it. We're still managing it. It's still an important part of the business. But the company is more than just VBP in diagnostics and one important market, but just one market. So I think the growth rate is very robust. I mean, 8% at the midpoint on a base of $40-plus billion, I think is pretty strong and pretty good.
David Roman: Perfect. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Joanne Wuensch from Citi. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Good morning and thank you for taking the question and nice quarter. I'm curious if you could just sort of step back and talk about the overall health of the MedTech market. I feel like I'm constantly answering questions on things such as volume and price. And looking at you delivering mid-teens revenue growth, and I think you're seeing something that maybe not everybody is seeing, so I'd love to get your view on that? Thank you.
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean, I think it does put us -- I mean, the way our portfolio is structured, Joanne, is that it does give us a little bit of bird's eye view into the entire health care system and the spectrum, right? And I think if you're getting questions on MedTech and MedTech growth, I think all you've got to do is continue to look at what companies are reporting. And what they're reporting is ultimately what we're seeing in the market, which is, it's not a pre-COVID pent-up demand. You are seeing a greater focus from whether consumers or the technologies that are being developed that are attracting more people into these procedures. So I think what we're seeing here is continued utilization growth really driven by whether it's demographics, combined with the innovation. I mean, what the industry is doing in terms of the innovation that we're bringing to the market, it's pretty spectacular and the procedures are getting faster, they're getting less invasive, and that's attracting more people to look at, select these procedures as a real viable first-line option versus guided medical therapy. So I think that's going to continue as long as we continue to see this innovation where we are obviously positioning ourselves pretty strongly in this, and you've seen sequential improvement in the growth rate across quite frankly, a lot of our businesses in MedTech. So I think the utilization is definitely increasing. I think there's maybe some questions, okay, what's going to happen with pricing? We've historically seen some price erosion in the past. I'd say, over the last couple of years, it's actually been pretty stable. So I don't know how that's going to play out. We've got a scenario here where we believe that with our portfolio, we'll see some pretty stable pricing. But I think utilization, combined with stable pricing is what's driving this MedTech growth. And we're seeing it in diagnostics, too. A lot of our diagnostic business is actual hospital-based diagnostics. So, we're seeing those diagnostic tests and those routine diagnostics tests continue to increase, high single, double-digit, low double-digit growth rates in terms of utilization. So, I think that MedTech is benefiting from just this increased utilization and consumers wanting to take care of themselves and looking at these technologies as a viable option for treatment.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Danielle Antalffy from UBS. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey good morning guys. Thanks so much for taking the question and congrats on a really good quarter, strong end to the year. Robert, we've talked in the past, I mean, obviously, we talked a lot about MedTech in the high-growth areas, but some areas where you've excelled or the legacy sort of slower growth businesses, I'm obviously thinking CRM being one of those mid- to high single-digits growth. Can you talk about -- that you find in CRM other legacy businesses. I'm thinking like heart failure, peripheral, and maybe how you're thinking about elevating those growth profiles in 2025, but then also longer term? Thanks so much for taking the question.
Robert Ford: Yes. So, one of our strategies that we looked at a couple of years ago, Danielle, was if you looked at our MedTech business, it was growing like 8%, 9%. And that was a combination of probably like high-growth areas like EP, Structural Heart, Diabetes, even Heart Failure. And 40% of the portfolio was relatively flat and that was mostly our Vascular business and our CRM business. And the way we looked at it is to get our MedTech to be best-in-class, to be able to grow 12%, 13%, 14%, we need to continue the strong growth rate of Structural Heart, EP, Diabetes, et cetera. But we had to find a way to accelerate the growth rate of our Vascular and CRM businesses. And we said, if we can get them, these are historically been flat growth markets. If we can get them to grow 5% the way that would then work out is that we'd be able to elevate our MedTech portfolio to the mid-teens. So, that's what we've been doing over the last couple of years, and the team have been executing on that. I think on the Vascular space, what you've seen us do is kind of used a little bit a combination of organic and inorganic to accelerate and increase our participation in higher growth areas, specifically in the peripheral side. So, -- and I think you started to see that. We've been growing -- this quarter was a good quarter. Our target was around 5% for our Vascular business by having those -- by having stronger pipelines and portfolios in that more Peripheral space. And you're seeing that now start to happen. On the CRM side, our big strategy here was organic and getting to launch a very comprehensive and be the leaders -- sorry, leaders in leadless. So, we launched a single chamber a couple of years ago, launched a dual chamber last year, going to get into conduct and pacing leadless also. And I think that you've seen that over the last two years, our CRM business has grown 7%. And I think we can continue to extend that with the strategy that we're doing, which is to really lead in this area. I actually think that Aveir is probably the most underappreciated opportunities that we have in our portfolio. Look at it right now, you're asking the question towards the end of call, but I think really what you're seeing is these businesses, the focus, the innovation, the execution and now you're seeing those start to deliver on that strategy to bring these flat businesses up to mid -- at least mid-single-digit growth. I think there's the team doesn't like that I characterize them like that. So that's good. I'm glad that they think that they can do better than that. But we've got a lot of opportunity in those big areas, and we think there's innovation to be had in those. So we feel good about it.
Danielle Antalffy: Thank you.
Mike Comilla: Operator, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from Matt Miksic from Barclays. Your line is open.
Matt Miksic: Hey. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just maybe a follow-up here, given the tech guidance you gave for this year and some of the dynamics in US and overseas or tax policy, It'd be great to get your perspective on maybe the direction of where those things are going. And how we should think about them for having? Thanks so much.
Phil Boudreau: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. There's a lot of narrative at the moment going on. But to your point and to the guide that we referenced in our opening comments here, what we've reflected is all current tax laws and guidance and geographic mix of where our business growth is coming from, which is about a 150-basis-point increase in the midpoint of this guide. That increase in the guide is driven by the increased adoption of the rollout here of Pillar 2 as is currently enacted in countries. And so that's what we reflect. We continue to be a good taxpayer, compliant taxpayer, and we'll see how more of this narrative unfolds here. But currently, we're running the operations and reflecting what's known and as Robert highlighted, absorbing still within the way we run the business.
Robert Ford: Let me -- I want to add in on that one, Matt. I think you'll hear this topic come up quite a bit. And if I just take a bigger picture here. I mean, corporate tax rates tend to get higher politicized and especially during election years, and it's really not a political debate. In the business world, it's just an expense. It's just another form of expense. And in our world, when one expense goes up, you've got to manage and other expenses have got to come down or maybe not increase at the same rate that they were increasing. And I think what you'll find sometimes, you get a small handful of companies that maybe had a really low tax rate and then that viewpoint then gets unfairly applied to every large company, and then you get these predictable narratives of companies have got to pay their fair share, et cetera. The reality is, most companies pay their fair share and then some. I mean, I could talk about Abbott. Our cash taxes are over 20%, and that's one thing that people never talk about is we use these GAAP rates. But what really matters is cash taxes. That's the money that's going to be paid. But more importantly, US companies, companies like Abbott, we play a key role in making the US economy so successful. We're conducting a significant portion of the R&D in the US. We invest billions of dollars in capital projects, which then drive this drop growth. Our CapEx spend has increased over 60% over the last couple of years. We increased our workforce by 20%. And when you increase that workforce, you're investing hundreds of millions of dollars in employee health care and employee benefits. So this Pillar 2 legislation -- this Pillar 2 rule here that got adopted, that's added. And we -- I think this rate that Phil is kind of quote, that's an additional $200 million of expense. That's all it is. It's $200 million of expense that is not going to investing in other areas. And what's even more challenging is of those $200 million, two-thirds of it is actually going to be paid taxes to overseas countries. So that's not really a good policy for the US. And so we're absorbing this. We're managing it. And I think as still said, there are a couple still some new policies or new issues that we have to kind of work on. But I think the overall goal here has got to be to ensure the competitiveness of US companies and US multinationals. And I'm hoping we can get to that during the next 12 months or so. Let me just kind of close then on the call. I think we had a really strong finish to 2024. We exited our Q4 organic sales growth was over 10% and top line, 13% EPS, as I said, finished at the higher end of our range, expanded our gross margin, delivered what we said we were going to do. The pipeline continues to be highly, highly attractive, steady cadence of great new growth opportunities. And I think, to Vijay's question, we've got a balance sheet that's going to provide us a lot of strategic flexibility. So I think we're really well positioned to 2025. So with that, I want to thank you for joining us today.
Mike Comilla: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Mike Comilla, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Mike Comilla: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Phil Boudreau, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Phil will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2024. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note that Abbott has not provided the GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis because the Company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in the press release issued earlier today. With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Ford: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today, we reported organic sales growth of more than 8%, excluding COVID testing sales and adjusted earnings per share of $1.21. In addition to delivering another quarter of strong financial performance, we accomplished several key objectives this quarter, which included entering new strategic partnerships, launching new products and making several key advancements in our R&D pipeline. And I'll elaborate further on these accomplishments when discussing the performance of our businesses and summarize our third quarter results in more detail before turning the call over to Phil. And I'll start with Nutrition, where sales increased 3.5% in the quarter. Growth in the quarter was led by double-digit growth in the U.S., and this included growth of 12% in U.S. Pediatric Nutrition driven by market share gains in the infant formula business and growth of 11.5% in U.S. Adult Nutrition led by our market-leading Ensure and Glucerna brands. As the market leader in adult nutrition, we continue to expand our portfolio to meet the growing global demand for products that offer a combination of high protein, low sugar to help people optimize their health and wellness. Moving to Diagnostics. Our sales in Core Laboratory Diagnostics increased 4.5% excluding COVID testing sales. Growth in Core Lab was driven by global demand for routine diagnostic testing and continued adoption of our market-leading diagnostic systems and testing platforms, including recent large account wins that will help continue to sustain our growth into 2025. In our rapid and point-of-care diagnostics businesses, we continue to expand our test menus and capitalize on the growing demand for respiratory tests that can be performed at home or in more traditional health care settings. In September, we announced an exciting new partnership with the Big Ten conference to help boost the U.S. blood supply through a blood donation competition. Students, alumni and fans can donate blood for any of the 18 member universities at blood centers located across the country. And our goal with this competition is to help rebuild the nation's blood supply which is currently at an extremely low level, while also helping to create a new generation of blood donors. Turning to EPE, where sales increased 7% in the quarter. Growth was well balanced across the markets and therapeutic areas in which we participate. Our performance this quarter was driven by double-digit growth in several countries across Latin America, Southeast Asia and the Middle East, where our broad product portfolios focused on addressing local market needs continues to enhance our unique position in these markets. From a portfolio perspective, we continue to deliver broad-based growth across our key therapeutic areas of focus, including strong growth in the quarter. in the areas of gastroenterology, cardiometabolic, central nervous system and pain management. We also achieved several milestones this quarter as it relates to advancing our portfolio of biosimilars, which we built and continue to expand through collaboration agreements. The first of these biosimilars is on track to launch in emerging markets in late 2025. And I'll wrap up with our med tech portfolio, where sales grew more than 13%. In Diabetes Care, sales of continuous glucose monitors exceeded $1.6 billion in the quarter and grew 21%. In August, we announced that we had entered into a unique global partnership with Medtronic to connect Abbott's world-leading FreeStyle Libre CGM sensor with their automated insulin delivery systems. Abbott now has partnerships with five of the largest companies that offer automated insulin dosing pumps, allowing more people around the world to benefit from the connectivity with the Libre technology. In September, we announced the U.S. launch of Lingo, our new glucose monitoring sensor available for purchase without a prescription, the Lingo wearable sensor and app track real-time glucose data and provide personal insights in coaching based on your body's reaction to nutrition exercise and other lifestyle choices to help create healthier habits and improve overall well-being. In Electrophysiology, growth of 14% was driven by double-digit growth in both the U.S. and international markets and similar to previous quarters, the growth was broad-based across the portfolio, including double-digit growth in catheters and cardiac mapping related products. We also achieved several important milestones as it relates to our electrophysiology new product pipeline, and this includes completing enrollment ahead of schedule in our VOLT-AF U.S. IDE trial and after we complete the required patient follow-up phase, we expect to file for FDA approval next year. Earlier this month, we announced that we began enrolling patients in our focal FLEX clinical trial designed to assess our new TactiFlex DUO catheter, which offers physicians the option of using PFA and radio frequency energy to treat atrial fibrillation. And finally, we received FDA approval and launched our new adviser HD Grid X mapping catheter, which further enhances the cardiac mapping process when using PFA or RF ablation catheters to treat AFib. In Structural Heart, growth of more than 16% was driven by growth across our market-leading comprehensive portfolio of surgical valves, structural interventions and transcatheter repair and replacement products. This quarter, we continue to capture market share in TAVR and saw accelerating adoption of Amulet and TriClip, which we launched in the U.S. earlier this year. And earlier this month, CMS began the process of evaluating TriClip for a national coverage determination, which, if approved, would help expand the addressable market through broader access in the U.S. for this first of its kind technology. In Ribbon Management, growth of 7% was led by Aveir, our highly innovative leadless pacemaker, and Assert our newest implantable cardiac monitor, which launched in the U.S. last year. In Heart Failure, growth of 14% was driven by our market-leading portfolio of heart assist devices, which offer treatment for chronic and temporary conditions. In Vascular, growth of 5% was led by double-digit growth in vessel closure and coronary imaging, along with Esprit our below-the-knee resorbable stent that launched in the U.S. in the second quarter. And lastly, in Neuromodulation, sales grew 5%, driven by strong demand in international markets for our rechargeable spinal cord stimulation device. So, in summary, we delivered another quarter of strong top line growth with sales growth with sales growing more than 8%. We continue to make good progress expanding our gross margin profile and remain on track to improve our profile by 75 basis points on a full year basis compared to last year. And as you saw, we achieved several important new product pipe loan milestones this quarter, and we're well positioned for a strong finish to the year and have great momentum heading into 2025. And I'll now turn over the call to Phil.
Phil Boudreau: Thanks, Robert. As Mike mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis. Turning to our third quarter results. Sales increased 7.6% on an organic basis and increased 8.2% when excluding COVID testing sales. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 2.5% on third quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar weaken versus several currencies, which resulted in a favorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at the time of our call in July. Regarding other aspects of the P&L. The adjusted gross margin ratio was 56.3% of sales. Adjusted R&D was 6.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A was 27.2% of sales in the third quarter. Lastly, our third quarter adjusted tax rate was 15%. Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter. We forecast adjusted earnings per share guidance of $1.31 to $1.37, and based on current rates, we expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of less than 1% on fourth quarter reported sales. With that, we'll open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Travis Steed from BofA Securities.
Travis Steed: In Q3 devices were really strong, but Nutrition and Diagnostics came in below expectations, but you still maintain the full year guidance, which is implying a step up of 9.5 or more growth in Q4. So, I just want to understand what happened in those divisions in Q3? And what's giving you the confidence to still reiterate the full year revenue guidance?
Robert Ford: Sure, Travis. Listen, we got multiple business units here. I think, by my count, it's close to like 17. We always want all 17 to beat and top your estimates here. The reality is sometimes some of them fall short. And then the question is, is there something more long term? Is it more of kind of a onetime kind of challenge? I'd put that more in the second bucket over here. I think one of the benefits that we do have in having a broad diversified portfolio is that when you do have situations like that, Travis, other businesses can overperform and kind of make up for that. And I think that's what you saw in this quarter. I mean, you opened your question with devices did really good, and that's what helped us deliver on our quarter. And as you look forward to Q4, yes, we do have still very high confidence in the businesses, if I was at all concerned about it, I wouldn't have raised our guidance now for the third time this year. So yes, we're still very confident in both the EPS forecast that we've got. I think this is a great quarter now as we're into Q4 and there's less COVID comps, we'll see our EPS grow double digits back to the growth model that we had during pre-COVID. And yes, revenue at that 9.5% to 10% still feel very good about that. The issues that you raised there are kind of onetime in nature. On nutrition, the entire business did really well with the exception of our international pediatric business. U.S. was up 12%; pediatric, U.S. adult was up almost 12%; international adult was up high single digits. So, what ended up happening there is we saw some softness in the beginning of the quarter in some of our international markets for pediatric team quickly determined that it wasn't market. It was actually us and it was our commercial execution or lack thereof that was leading to some share loss. So, team took action pretty quickly in the quarter. We made some personnel changes, we calibrated our demand generation and what ends up happening in the quarter there as a result of that share loss is we didn't want to build excess inventory, so we shorted our sales to the distributors just to align that. But I feel good about what the team has put together. Early indications show that, that was the right move to do, and we've seen good progress there. So yes, disappointed, but the team knows that, and they acted quickly. So, I expect to see international pediatric and overall nutrition growth step up in the quarter. It doesn't change my thinking about nutrition for the quarter or for next year, for the long-term aspect of it, just something that we had to address. And then I think you mentioned Core Lab also came a little bit shorter than expectations. I'd say there, really, the driver of that was just the VBP implementation in China. If you look at our Core Lab business, our International Core Lab business, excluding China, the international business was up double digits. So, the teams in those markets are doing really well. And I'd mentioned this in January, we were going to see the VBP impact the Core Lab business. We had originally forecasted in April, it got delayed and pushed out to Q3. If you look at our growth rate in the first half of this year, it was over 7%. And some of that favorability that we saw in the business and that we rolled into higher guidance as a result of a little bit of that delay here. So, we'll go through the VBP transition. We've done it in a lot of our businesses. There's the pricing impact going forward, there's some transition-related items that happen, whether you're making pricing accommodations for the inventory that's already in the channel, et cetera. So I still feel very good about the business we've got there. I feel good about China continues to be a very attractive market for us. So we'll just work our way through this. But to your question on the quarter, yes, we feel good about the quarter. I wouldn't have kept the guidance if we didn't. We've got great momentum in the business. We're meeting with the management team yesterday. They're very committed and feel good about the momentum. So, I think we'll have a very good year with a good strong close in Q4.
Operator: And our next question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Robert, I wanted to ask about Libre and just big picture. You had 21% growth in Libre in Q3, which was good, but your competitors obviously having some issues. So, it would be helpful to hear your view of the state of the CGM market, talk about your confidence in the overall CGM market outlook and your goal of $10 billion in sales by 2028. And maybe just give us some color on what you're seeing so far with Lingo?
Robert Ford: Yes, sure. Larry, I've always been very bullish about this market and talk about this market a little bit differently than when we talk about general med tech markets, right? This is a mass market opportunity that we have. And yes, we grew 21%. U.S. was actually up 26%, and we feel good about the market. The fundamentals are still very much there and they're still very much intact. This is -- you've got about 10 million CGM users globally, I think, right now. And you got over 100 million diabetics in the developed world, over 0.5 billion globally. So yes, I think this is a market that's got mass market potential to it. As long as you stay ahead from a technology perspective, as long as you stay ahead from a scale perspective, as long as you stay ahead from a cost perspective, for me, those are the three elements here that allow us and have guided our strategy from day one. And I don't think that you're going to have some changes in the market when you've got a market that's, whatever, $12 billion, $13 billion, growing 15%. There'll be more players for sure, there'll be more competition for sure. But we feel good about our position and the strategy that we've built. We've thought about this not just for the next year, we've been thinking about this, what is it going to look like a decade from now and how we built our portfolio and our position. So, I feel very good about this market. And I don't think there's anything fundamentally here that's significantly changed, at least from our internal way of thinking about it. So yes, I think this is a great opportunity for us. Libre is -- it will be a $6 billion-plus product. It will grow 20% this year. When we put out the $10 billion target, Larry, we talked about a compound annual growth rate of 15%. So, we're ahead of that, and we're going to work hard to make sure that we stay ahead of that, and we continue to gain share. We'll add $1 billion of revenue this year, add 1 million users. You got opportunities in type 1s on the pump side, on the connectivity side with pens. You've got opportunities with type 2s and basal. I mean I think that's just really still so much opportunity in those markets. So I feel very good about it. And as we've talked about Libre, we always viewed it as a platform. So you mentioned Lingo, glad to see that launch. Just as a reminder, we're really focusing on a very different population with this technology, right? We're targeting people that don't have diabetes. So it's a little bit of a different kind of business model, sale model. But so far, we've seen really, really good early interest. Great, great feedback from the users so far. The app, the data, the website, the Hello Lingo website, the delivery, the whole nonprescription stuff. That's working out very well. The 2 sensor pack is the most popular version right now. And I think that's a good -- it's a great way to start. I was looking at some of the initial reorder rates that came in last night. And wow, was I surprised at really, really much higher reorder rates than what we saw in the U.K., and I thought that I think the team did a really good job at adapting some of the learnings from the U.K. into that. So, I think overall, over time, this is going to be a great opportunity to be able to add to that $10 billion target as we build this user base out. So overall, back to your question on Libre, I feel very good about our position, what we're doing, and Lingo is off to a very good start.
Operator: And our next question will come from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Congrats on a nice quarter. Robert, I wanted to ask this time of the year, we all -- we're looking for fourth quarter, but we're also turning our focus to 2025. I see The Street sitting at about 7% on the top line, 10% on the bottom line. I wanted to see if you had any comments about how you feel about that or your view into next year, realizing it's still on the early side?
Robert Ford: Yes. It's a little early to give real specific guidance there, Robbie. But similar to you, we're also looking at '25, we've been looking at '25 also as part of our strategic planning process here, too. So yes, this is the time of the season, right? I'd say, yes, similar to last year, I look at the analyst estimates going into 2025, high single-digit growth, 10% EPS. And like I said last year, that feels like a very reasonable starting point. I think the difference going into 2025 versus when we were coming into 2024 is, as we go into 2025, one of the things that we don't have is what I would call kind of like the COVID cloud at least for a couple of the quarters ahead of us. And that kind of masked a little bit of our underlying kind of base EPS kind of business growth. So, I am looking forward to, in a way, not having that be kind of this kind of comp issue. But I think the high single-digit, 10% EPS, yes, that sounds like a very kind of, I'd say, a reasonable starting point. But if I take a step back also, I look at that and say, okay, here we have a company that's $40 billion in revenue, and we've been driving high single to high single-digit top line growth. I think that's pretty unique for us. And I think one of the reasons that is a combination of two factors. First of all, the markets that we're participating, they're very attractive, Robbie, whether it's their size, their growth outlook, whether their alignment to favorable demographic trends, the positions we have in them, and there's a couple of different types of markets that we're in, right? Markets that are probably a little bit lower from a growth rate perspective, but we've got tremendous scale, tremendous positions in them and that scale and that position disproportionate us and they provide great financial stability to our business. We've got other markets that are very exciting, high-growth markets that our goal there is to enter and capture share, whether it's TAVR or LAA, new diagnostic systems that we'll be launching and then other markets we're building right? And we're building them and creating them with first-of-their-kind types of products, whether it's Lingo that we talked about, TBI testing, leadless, biosimilars in emerging markets, so it's a nice collection of markets that really allow us to set these high single-digit target growth rates for us. And then the other part is pipeline, which is fundamental, right? And I think it's been highly productive. Recently launched products this year are going to contribute about $1 billion of revenue this year, and that's double to what it was in 2023. And I expect that to be the case again next year, right? So, I think it starts at the top line. We've made a lot of effort right now in expanding gross margin and delivering. That was a topic that we talked about last year, expanding margins and gross margin is a key focus of ours. But I also think we've been a pretty proficient allocator of investment. We've invested -- we've done increasing investments in areas that are -- we know are high-growth areas, and we've still been able to generate over $1 billion of spending leverage over the last five years. So, I'd say as we go down the P&L, I think that's another opportunity for us as we go down into 2025 is our discipline in terms of how we make the investments and our focus on gross margin. So, I think the combination of that will allow us to have that op margin expansion. And the balance sheet is in a great year -- sorry, balance sheet is in a great shape here. So, I think we've got all the elements that we need to go into 2025 with great momentum, markets, positions and financial flexibility there.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Roman from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
David Roman: Robert, maybe if I could push a little bit more on the investment spending and help us think a little bit about the shape of the P&L on a go-forward basis. During the quarter, you did accelerate R&D and SG&A spending on a year-over-year growth basis. And maybe you could help us think through where are some of those incremental dollars going? How should we think about the trajectory of operating expenses in the context of gross margin expansion? And then with the announced share repurchase program, should we think about that as an effort to keep the share count flat or a view that this is an opportunity to return incremental capital to shareholders and reduce the share count?
Robert Ford: Sure. Yes, I guess, on the investment side, if you look at what we've done with our expenses here, they've gone from 37% in 2019, down to about 34% this year. So that's where that $1 billion of spending leverage comes, right? If you look at our five-year CAGR, it's high single digits and our operating expense CAGR is about 4%. But it's not a cookie-cutter approach, David. We look at the businesses and look at their opportunities and make those decisions. R&D investments, they're a little bit more-longer term, right? So, once you commit to R&D programs, they tend to be a little bit more-longer term than making some SG&A decisions, where you could toggle up and down a little bit easier. But I mean, I think you could see where some of the growth is coming from, and that's being supported by those investments. Obviously, our med tech portfolio has been getting investments, I'd say, in EP, in structural heart, in diabetes care, in neuromodulation. I mean, all of the businesses, they come with a strategic plan and we look at where it makes more sense, whether it's to put more, more investment in the field with sales force and clinical people, whether it's to make the investment in a clinical trial, so we tend to have a pretty good process about how to do that. We've been making investments in diagnostics, soon we'll probably be talking about a new system that we're going to be launching for a whole new segment of the diagnostic industry. That's a longer-term program that's been a couple of years. So I think we've got a good process about how to make the investments knowing that R&D investments are a little bit more longer than SG&A. So -- and I think that's what we've been able to show. And I think that's one of the reasons we've been able to get to our op margin profile to pre-pandemic levels, which I'm not sure a lot of companies would be able to kind of say that. So -- but we haven't driven our op margin by expenses. I mean we've been driving our top line pretty effectively, too. So I think that's probably the best proof point that we know how to do this allocation and the cycles of the allocation, et cetera. And then I think you had a question regarding share count and buybacks. Listen, we -- as I've said, we've got a pretty balanced approach about how we allocate our capital. I've talked about the importance of the dividend and supporting that growing dividend and we'll continue to do that. The buybacks is just another element in that capital allocation strategy. We just announced that the Board recently approved a new $7 billion buyback program. The previous one that we had approved in 2021 was running down, and we thought it was a good time to put that in place. We've deployed around $8 billion towards buyback over the last five years. We took a little bit of a step up during a couple of years after the acquisitions that we did, we'd stepped that down a little bit. So we've stepped that up. Q3, we did about $750 million. I thought given our strong performance outlook here that we saw a disconnect between what we were doing in our PE ratio, and in fact, I still do. So it made sense to buy shares, and the buyback announcement is just part of our balanced approach to allocating capital, and we've got that authorization set. So if we feel that there is a disconnect going forward, we've got that opportunity to try and correct that. So -- and if that reduces the share count, yes, then it will reduce the share count. But we're not trying to drive our EPS through a lower share count. We're trying to drive our EPS through top line growth, David.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joshua Jennings from TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Joshua Jennings: Robert, I wanted to ask about just structural heart markets. The TAVR market slowing down or decelerating, there's been some investor concerns about U.S. provider capacity and whether there's a bottleneck. I think Abbott is uniquely positioned because you do have offerings in transcatheter aortic, mitral and tricuspid solutions and left atrial appendage occlusion. We've got interventional heart failure interventions coming down the pike. Are you seeing any capacity constraints limiting growth? You had a strong structural heart quarter this in 3Q? Or are you concerned about that? Is that on the horizon or should we just think that hospitals are seeing this growth opportunity as well and building out capacity, adding cath labs, hybrid ORs, et cetera? I'd love to get your view on the current situation and whether you're worried in the next 12, 24, 36 months that we could run into a bottleneck in the U.S.?
Robert Ford: Not seeing the bottleneck, not forecasting bottleneck, not concerned about the capacity here. Obviously, this is a this is a very growing area not only for those that are developing the technologies, but also for the health care systems that are delivering them and deploying them. I've been to some large centers over the quarter. I've been through some smaller centers over the quarter. There's always challenges, but I put it as a challenge, not specific to a given technology or challenges just whether it's ramping up a new technology, getting more people to train. So -- but I'm not hearing that the centers that we've been working with that capacity is a big rate-limiting factor today. I think if it started to become one and the demand is there, I think history has shown that make the right investments, the investments will be made to accommodate that demand. So -- I mean, this is obviously what's happened in structural heart over the last decade, investments will be made to accommodate that demand. So I'm not hearing that, and we continue to be very excited about the prospects that we had in our structural heart portfolio. I think the team has kind of hit its stride right now. We've got new management, new products launching and I'm very optimistic right now with what the teams are putting together across the entire portfolio. I think like you said, we're one of the few companies here that we can see the full spectrum, right, from -- all the way from surgical, structural interventions, all the occlusion and appendages and then looking at being able to see mitral, tricuspid, aortic, whether it's repair, whether it's replacement, I think the team is hitting its stride right now. And our focus here is going to be on both sides, making the investments on the R&D side. I think we've got a lot of new product investment in structural heart, new clinical trials, new indications, investments over there. And I think the different part of our investment profile, and we've been doing that for many years in mitral -- in structural heart, and I think that's why we have the portfolio we have. I think the piece that we're adding on now is like, okay, we've got the products, now we've got to increase our field presence to support either the market share gain that we aspire to or to support these growing new fields, whether it's tricuspid. So, our focus now is really to start to add more on the field side in these businesses to be able to kind of support that growth. But no, I think this is a tremendous area of growth of opportunity of underpenetration, of R&D, of clinical work. So, we're really excited about it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: I had one on, I guess, NEC infant formula. The FDA, CDC and NIH have put out a joint statement. It's a pretty strong statement saying noting that there's perhaps no causative relationship between infant formula and NEC. So, I guess my question is, how does this change Abbott's position in these lawsuits? Does it matter? What else can we expect from the government? Could we expect more announcements similar to this? What shape or form could it be? What can Abbott to do to perhaps ring-fence liabilities related to these cases?
Robert Ford: Yes, sure. Well, listen, as it relates to our position, it's great to see the statement, and I agree with you, I think it was a very strong statement. It doesn't change what I have been saying, which is and the statement seems to be aligned and support what I hear from the market and what I hear from neonatologists, which is these products are they're medically necessary, they are considered the standard of care, and they're valuable tools. They're valuable tools for the neonatologists in their decisions, in their decisions and their discussions with parents and how to feed premature. And the labels, which is a component in all of this, they've been reviewed by the regulators and never call for net warning. So -- this is a consensus statement made by these three agencies, three regulators here in the U.S. and they're basically -- Vijay, they're actually endorsing an expert panel with dozens of researchers that were conveyed by the secretary of HHS, and I think the researchers issued a 100-page document-or-so. I think they looked at thousands of publications. I think it was 600-specific to the relationship between NEC and feeding. And in that joint statement, the agencies, they reiterated the importance of preterm formula as the standard of care. And they also clearly state there's no conclusive evidence that the formula causes NEC. So, I think this is only one of a handful of times where the three agencies, the most prominent and significant health agencies and regulators in the U.S. have come together and put out a joint statement. Obviously, we saw that during the COVID pandemic. But I think before that, I think it was during the HIV pandemic. So I think the statement says a lot, Vijay. At this point, though, at this point, the judge in our trial right now has not allowed the joint statement or the underlying report to be entered into evidence. I don't know the reasons there, but I think it would be -- we believe that it's the joint statement, the report, the expert testimony, I think those are important pieces of information for a jury to consider as they're making their decisions. So, I don't know how to cap that, but I would say beyond this case and as the cases move to more of the federal side, my expectation here is that the juries in these cases would be allowed to consider the criticality of that important evidence. So, to your question on the liability portion and kind of what to do? If I take a step back on this one, I've been thinking about this quite a bit. But as health care innovators, we develop health care products based on problems that we see. We run the clinical trials. We gather the data. We review the data with the regulators. You guys know this process pretty well. And ultimately, the regulator decides if the products are safe and they're fit for purpose and they decide how they got to be labeled. And that's the country, that's the market that I want to be in, where the products, the labels, they're evaluated through a well-established regulatory process by expert regulators that have unfettered access to the best scientific evidence rather than trying to do this, regulate products through uncertainty and unpredictive jury trials. So ultimately, to your question, if the regulatory process is disregarded, if the science is disregarded, it's going to be very difficult for any company to remain on the market with these products. Taking on that indefinite liability here, at least in the United States, that would be an issue that the United States would confront. It wouldn't be an issue for premature babies in international countries because this issue -- this is not an issue and the products are still available there. So yes, I do think there needs to be some fortitude here by those that can make decisions, prioritize the babies, prioritize preterm babies all 370,000 every single year that rely on these products. Over those that seem to kind of distort and abuse this tort system that we have in our country here for financial gains. I'm hoping it doesn't come to that. But I've been pretty clear that this is -- we stand behind the products, but if the process won't be -- is going to be disregarded then this is something that we will not continue adding to the liability here. So, there's a playbook it seems for these things to happen. You take a decade, 10-plus years to litigate this and come to some resolution. I don't intend to follow that playbook. And I intend to resolve this faster. And yes, there are different ways to resolve this and different ways to look at this. And we are having conversations at all levels to be able to express the concern that this could cause to families here in the United States.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joanne Wuensch from Citi. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Congratulations on earlier-than-expected completion of enrollment in your PFA catheter clinical trial. But I would really love to get your view on the state of the electrophysiology market. What you're seeing in terms of PFA uptake and how that is impacting your mapping and navigation systems?
Robert Ford: Sure, Joanne. I mean I think this quarter was a continuation of the trend that we've been seeing since the arrival of PFA. We're growing a little bit lower than the market. The market has kind of grown pretty significantly here. But if you look at our growth rate, prior to PFA, we're actually growing faster now with PFA. And I think there's a couple of factors there. I think you mentioned one of those, which is cardiac mapping. Right now, we're seeing about 90-plus percent of the cases, at least here in the U.S., being masked. If you look at where we were before, Joanne, we were mapping about maybe between 25% and 30% of RF cases, we're now mapping 50-plus. So that is a little bit of a tailwind for us. We're seeing a pretty strong growth in procedures. So -- and I think that's probably what's helped drive some of the market growth that we're seeing. But I also think that the volume increase is actually due to improved treatment guidelines that we're seeing and quite frankly, new technologies that are helping to identify AFib patients, too. So, I think it's a combination of factors there that are helping to drive more producers. And then for us, the RF portion of it is still a growth piece for us. As I said in my comments, we grew ablation catheters double digits, too. So, we're seeing about 20% of the PFA cases, at least the ones that we're mapping, use RF catheters and we're in those cases. So, I think the key thing here is just to at least right now, PFA is really being used for de novo procedures, right? So, if you kind of break that out, it's about of all ablation procedures are de novo. The other two-thiirds are VT ablation, SVT ablation, redos. And in those cases, they're using -- we're still using RF and RF plays an important role there, which is why we've initiated our focal FLEX trial to be able to have the optionality, to be able to toggle between PFA and RF. So, we still think that's an important part there. So -- but I think the team has done a really good job here at leveraging our open mapping system I made comments, we used the open mapping system as a design input for R&D programs to start off with. And now that open system is allowing us to be in more cases and partner more with the electrophysiologists. So I think that is -- that's what we're seeing, and we're very committed to be able to bring PFA to the market. We've completed the enrollment, like you said. And we completed the CE Mark enrollment beginning of this year. So we're committed to the space, but we do feel that it's a full portfolio approach. You need good mapping which is why we invested in our next-generation HD grid. You need to have a PFA portfolio that's pretty complete. You need to have RF, and I think that's what the team has been building, I'd say, very, very successfully.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Miksic from Barclays. Your line is open.
Matt Miksic: I'd a follow-up on Libre in the diabetes business. And just a couple of topics that come up quite a bit, the last few months around the market and competition. The first being kind of anything you can comment on regarding your share trends, in particular, in the DME channel, anything you're doing there differently, did differently, what you're seeing as a user of Lingo for the last couple of months, I complemented the team on putting together a great product. Question, just curious about the timing and the plan for Rio and thoughts on potential reimbursement for that certain non-insulin intensive type 2 community. And then lastly, just zooming out for a sec and getting back to your comments and plans for gross margin, how -- if you could to scale the expansion into OTC of Libre in this platform kind of plays a role in hitting your '24 gross margin plans and your plans for expansion going forward as you scale this business?
Robert Ford: You lined up a lot there, Matt. I'm going to make sure that Mike here helps me stay with all the questions that you laid out there. I mean I think regarding your Libre question on competitiveness, yes, I think the team has done a really good job here in the U.S., not just in the DME channel but at the endo's offices, at the primary care channel, with the basal population. I think it's kind of an all-out all-channel, real strong execution there. U.S., we grew 26% in the U.S. this quarter. And that was having some of the challenges we had there regarding some kind of temporary supply challenges with Libre 3. So, we haven't really unleashed Libre 3 fully yet, and a lot of the share gains that we're getting are with Libre 2. But that piece is behind us. We invested in a new manufacturing line. We have a new manufacturing, a whole brand-new manufacturing facility come up and towards the end of the year. So that will -- as we go into next year, that will all be kind of behind us. So, I think our position here in the U.S. and globally, quite frankly, is strengthened by the product portfolio, the cost position that we had. You're mentioning gross margins in Libre. That's a key aspect here. We've always talked about. You got to have cost leadership here because as the market expands to basal and oral meds, GLP-1 users. And as that population grows, you're going to have a much larger TAM to operate in. But yes, you are going to see -- you're going to have to make some pricing adjustments to be able to get that reimbursement, so you got to have your cost structure in place to be able to benefit, have the top line growth and not have that come at the expense of gross margin. And our gross margins, as we've grown Libre, have actually expanded. As our manufacturing scale continues to ramp up, some of the costs associated with these products, because there's a lot of automation, we've been doing this from day one, some of the costs are depreciation in the equipment. So as a lot of our facilities are running through their depreciation schedules, those will help our gross margins, too. So I feel good about our opportunity to drive the market, to be competitive, to lead in technology, to lead in scale and cost and take advantage of what we believe is a mass market opportunity for us. I think you had a question on Rio. Listen, the initial focus is on Lingo right now. We've got that -- think of Rio as another arrow here in the quiver that we can pull out if we need to ahead of schedule. We do have a schedule. I'm not going to lay out what that schedule is, but for some reason we need to do that, we'll be able to do that. But the focus is on Lingo right now, and we've got a nice opportunity here to build a completely new segment of biowearables with consumers. So...
Operator: And our last question will come from Danielle Antalffy from UBS. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Congrats on a really good quarter here. I just wanted to follow up on the structural heart component of the business. Robert, you talked about this earlier in response to Josh's question. But just digging a little bit deeper, as we look into 2025, I mean, you've got potential indication expansion for LAA closure, but you do have some competitive data coming on the tricuspid side of things at TCP and whether or not that chose a mortality benefit. So just curious about how you think about those two markets specifically and sustainable growth in those franchises, there are some puts and takes there. So, I just wanted to get your sense of how to think about that as we head into next year?
Robert Ford: Sure. Just to remind me again there, Danielle, tricuspid and what was the other one?
Danielle Antalffy: Sorry, left aerial appendage closure...
Robert Ford: Yes. Okay. Good. Yes, these are great areas of investment for us. And the investment of money, time, effort, thinking, power, all of that. So, I think, as I said on business hitting its stride, I definitely would say that about the Amulet team. They're definitely hitting their stride. We saw nice growth this quarter, 25% globally, 40% growth in the U.S. here. So -- and we're making the investments. I mean, I think you saw our registry data shows a really good positive results from Amulet, 95% of the closure rates achieved and sustained after 45 days, I think that's pretty good. 90% closure rate when using Amulet for those that have failed proper closure with the competitor product. So -- but we're investing in there. We've got our CATALYST trial that's looking at comparing Amulet to anticoagulants for people that have a risk of AFib, expect to complete that trial next year. And then the team has been working on Amulet 2.0. And I expect that we will be beginning or entering the trial in that business with that product towards the end of this year. So really nice progress on the appendage side, whether -- and quite frankly, PFO, too, is doing really well, and that's a great growth driver for us, too. On the tricuspid side, yes, there's going to be a lot of data coming out over the next 12, 24 months. I expect that. I think with any new category here, Danielle, you're going to have to make the investments. I mean nobody was doing anything from an interventional perspective on the tricuspid, right? So as companies are developing technologies, I think you are going to see a lot of clinical readouts and clinical data more to be able to kind of support the use of these technologies. I think we saw one recently at ESC specifically to TriClip, a European study, and this is the second RCT that's basically confirming what the TRILUMINATE RCTs showed, which is much superior to medical therapy and extremely effective at reducing TR. So, I think that's an area of investment for us. Without a doubt, I think that there's an opportunity here that the team's been working on regarding our full portfolio approach with our structural products, and I think TriClip plays an important role there. We're excited about the NCD that was opened and looking forward to that, so that's another opportunity for us in 2025. But quite frankly, I just think there's a great opportunity here with our team. We've got, I would say, some built-in advantages as it comes to the TriClip product. We've got manufacturing scale, the sales force and all of that. And there's definitely demand and we're seeing that and the launch is going very well. So, I think that, yes, you're going to see more data, and that's good, and it's a growth opportunity for us. I think this is a $1 billion business for us here over time. But you're going to have to make the investments on the clinical side to be able to kind of support the adoption of it. So very excited about structural heart overall. And ultimately excited about the entire company and business. We've had -- yes, I'm really pleased with the performance of the first three quarters. We're on track to finish the year at the high end of the initial guidance that we provided back in January. Sales growth has been strong. Gross margin profile continues to expand. EPS growth is now accelerating throughout the year as we were lapping some of those COVID comps. The pipeline is richer than ever. So, I think we've got great momentum heading into next year. And with that, I'm going to wrap up and thank all of you for joining us.
Mike Comilla: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbotts second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer portion of this call. During the question and answer session, you will be able to ask your question by pressing the star-one-one keys on your touchtone phone. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question and answer session, the entire call including the question and answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast with Abbotts express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Mike Comilla, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Mike Comilla: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Phil Boudreau, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Phil will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, well take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2024. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbotts operations are discussed in Item Ia, Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On todays conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note that Abbott has not provided the GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis because the company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rate, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in the press release issued earlier today. With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Ford: Thanks Mike. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Today we reported organic sales growth of more than 9%, excluding COVID testing sales. We also reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.14, which exceeded analyst consensus estimates and represents a 16% sequential increase from the first quarter. Based on our performance in the quarter and confidence in our outlook for the remainder of the year, we raised our guidance and now forecast full year organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing sales, to be 9.5% to 10% and adjusted earnings per share in a range of $4.61 to $4.71. Our performance continues to be driven by broad-based growth across the portfolio with growth this quarter led by double-digit growth in medical devices and high single-digit growth in established pharmaceuticals and nutrition. In addition to benefiting from outperforming expectations on the top line, we are also seeing positive contribution from gross margin expansion coming from continued execution from our supply chain teams, lower commodity costs, and favorable sales mix. Ill now summarize our second quarter results in more detail before turning the call over to Phil, and Ill start with nutrition, where sales increased 7.5% in the quarter. Strong quarter in the quarter was led by double-digit growth in international adult nutrition and U.S. pediatric nutrition. International adult nutrition continues to perform at a very high level. The five-year compound annual growth rate of this business is more than 10%, which in addition to our market-leading position and commercial execution reflects the impact from positive demographic trends that drive increasing demand for our Ensure and Glucerna brands. Through the investments weve made to expand capacity, we are well positioned to continue to capitalize on these secular demand trends. On the topic of litigation, regarding pre-term infant formula and human milk fortifier, Abbott stands by our products and the information provided to the neonatologist specialists who have used them for decades. Necrotizing enterocolitis, or NEC, is a terrible gastrointestinal disease that primarily affects premature infants, and it is devastating to families; however, plaintiff lawyers are advancing a theory that is without merit or scientific support. These products, which are sold for hospital use, are incorporated into a feeding regimen along with human milk by experienced specialists and are an important part of the standard of care for the majority of preterm infants. Their use is supported by medical associations in the United States and other countries around the world. The products and their ingredients have been reviewed and are deemed safe for use by regulators, who have also reviewed their labels. There has been no increase in the rate of NEC, meaning these cases have not emerged in response to a trend or any new information, yet were seeing plaintiffs lawyers investing millions of dollars in misleading TV advertising in an attempt to move physician decisions from the hospital to the courtroom. Total revenues for these products are about $9 million annually, and have remained at that level for the past several years. If these products were no longer available, physicians would be deprived of the vital food that is needed in the NICU. This would create a public health crisis affecting every state across this country. We believe its important for all who have an interest in health of preterm infants, who recognize the need for these products and to take action accordingly. Moving to diagnostics, where sales increased 6% excluding COVID testing sales, growth in the quarter was driven by high single-digit growth in core laboratory diagnostics and double-digit growth in point-of-care diagnostics. In core lab diagnostics, we continued to drive growth through increased adoption and utilization of our market-leading systems and global demand for our extensive testing menus across the areas of immunoassay, clinical chemistry, hematology, and blood screening. While our Alinity family of diagnostic systems first launched more than six years ago, given the long contract cycles common in the diagnostics industry, we continued to see a benefit in our contract renewal and competitive win rates with several recent large account wins expected to increasingly contribute to growth in the second half of the year. Turning to EPD, where sales increased 8% in the quarter, EPD continues to deliver at a high level as this business executes its unique branded generic strategy in emerging markets, where growth is supported by favorable demographic trends, including increasing populations, growing middle classes, and increasing focus on expanding access to healthcare. As you recall, we identified biosimilars as a new strategic growth pillar for this business. With our extensive presence in emerging markets, we have a unique opportunity to scale a licensing model that is capital efficient and can bring access to these life-changing medicines to millions of people in emerging markets. We began implementing this strategy last year when we announced an agreement to commercialize several biosimilars in the areas of oncology and womens health, with the first of these expected to launch in 2025. We recently completed additional agreements that provide Abbott access to biosimilar versions of market-leading autoimmune disease and GLP1 medications. Biosimilars represent the highest growth segment in the branded generic pharmaceutical market, and we look forward to continuing to build one of the most complete portfolios in the industry. Ill wrap up with medical devices, where sales grew 12%, in diabetes care, Freestyle Libre sales were $1.6 billion in the quarter and grew 20%. We announced in June that we received FDA approval for two new over-the-counter continuous glucose monitoring systems called Lingo and Libre Rio, which are based on Libres glucose technology that is now used by more than 6 million people around the world. While over-the-counter availability is a new option in the United States, weve been selling over-the-counter in international markets since Libre launched 10 years ago. Given our clear leadership position in these markets, we have demonstrated our ability to tailor solutions, approach and communication for the various types of users who compose the CGM customer base. Lingo is designed for consumers who are willing to improve their overall health and wellness. The Lingo wearable sensor and app will track glucose, provide personalized data, insights and coaching to help create and maintain healthy habits. Libre Rio is designed for adults with Type 2 diabetes who do not use insulin and typically manage their diabetes through lifestyle modifications. In electro-physiology, growth of 17% was driven by double-digit growth in all major geographic regions, including 17% growth in the U.S., which represents an acceleration compared to the growth in the first quarter. Growth was broad-based across the portfolio and included 20% growth in ablation catheters. In structural heart, growth of more than 15% reflects an acceleration in growth compared to the first quarter and was led by several recently launched products that are driving new adoption and share capture in attractive high growth areas, including TAVR, LAA, and tricuspid repair. This quarter, we launched our tricuspid repair device, TriClip in the United States and continued our trend of capturing market share in the global TAVR market. In rhythm management, growth of 6% was led by Aveir, our highly innovative leadless pacemaker, and in June we announced that we received CE mark in Europe for Aveir to be used in dual chamber pacing procedures, which is the largest segment of the pacing market. In heart failure, growth of 9% was driven by our market-leading portfolio of heart-assist devices that offer treatment for both chronic and temporary conditions. In neuromodulation, growth of 8% was driven by strong demand in international markets for our Eterna rechargeable spinal cord stimulation device, which obtained CE mark in Europe last year. In vascular, we received FDA approval in late April for our Esprit dissolvable stent, a breakthrough innovation for people who suffer from blocked arteries located below the knee. Esprit is designed to keep the arteries open, deliver a drug to support vessel healing prior to completely dissolving over time. New products like Esprit combined with the investments that we made in our vascular business, both organically and inorganically, have expanded our presence in faster growing areas and increased the future growth outlook for this business. In summary, we exceeded expectations both the top and bottom lines and, as a result, we raised our financial outlook for the year. We continue to make good progress on our gross margin initiatives and, more importantly, our pipeline continues to be highly productive, and thus were well positioned to deliver strong results for the remainder of the year. Ill now turn over the call to Phil.
Phil Boudreau: Thanks Robert. As Mike mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis. Turning to our second quarter results, sales increased 7.4% on an organic basis and increased 9.3% when excluding COVID testing sales. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 3.5% on second quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar strengthen versus several currencies, which resulted in more unfavorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at the time of our earnings call in April. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 56% of sales. Adjusted R&D was 6.3% of sales, and adjusted SG&A was 27.7% of sales in the second quarter. Lastly, our second quarter adjusted tax rate was 15%. Turning to our outlook for the full year, we now forecast full-year adjusted earnings per share of $4.61 to $4.71, which represents an increase compared to the guidance range we provided in April. We also raised the midpoint of our guidance for organic sales growth. We now forecast organic sales growth excluding COVID testing sales to be in the range of 9.5% to 10%. Based on current rates, we expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of more than 2.5% on full-year reported sales, which includes an expected unfavorable impact of approximately 3% on third quarter reported sales. Lastly, for the third quarter we forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.18 to $1.22. With that, well now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will conduct a question and answer session. [Operator instructions] Our first question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Larry Biegelsen: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question, and Robert, congratulations on a nice quarter. Thanks for your comments on the NEC litigation. Im wondering if you have anything to add on that, Robert, and then I have one follow-up question.
Robert Ford: No Larry, I think I said everything I said during my prepared comments. I guess the only add here is I think this is way overblown in terms of its impact, and we are--were working to obviously defend our position and--you know, working with all the different stakeholders so that they are aware of the situation, the gravity of the situation as it progresses. But I said all I had to say right now in my prepared comments, and if theres a need to kind of give further updates, we will.
Larry Biegelsen: All right, thanks. Separately, Robert, your EPD business grew nicely in the second quarter, 17% in both the U.S. and international. What drove that, what are you seeing with PFA in the different geographies, and how are you thinking about the sustainability of that growth before bolt [ph] launches? Thank you.
Robert Ford: Sure, well Im seeing what I thought I was going to see. It might be a little different from what some of you thought you were going to see, but what weve been seeing is obviously an increase in the market, so right now the market has accelerated, seems to be growing above 20%, so when you look at our 17%, its lower than the market but its actually growing faster than what it was growing pre-pandemic, or just after we had done the acquisition. Well see if the--I mean, that growth is obviously in value. Well see if the growth in procedures actually translates. We are actually in more procedures than what we were in the past, given our mapping and our teams, but I think its a little bit too early to say if the actual number of procedures is going to significantly increase. The market has accelerated, but its predominantly, I think, price right now with the introduction of this new product. Its predominantly being used in de novo procedures, atrial procedures, right, and we think thats about a third of all ablation procedures, Larry. The other two-thirds, we continue to see, whether its re-dos, VT, SVT, ablations, in that case we continue to see RF really being viewed as the better option for those procedures. Well see how thats going to translate over time, but OUS, the penetration is around 10%, 15%. Its been pretty stable. From the point of view of mapping, I think we havent seen a real big change of what we saw during those first couple of months of launch and in the last call, so over 90% of cases here in the U.S. are still being used as mapping. Weve got a 50 share of those mapping cases. I dont try and look at different types of denominators to get to that market share, so I make sure my team just basically has the best access and, from what were seeing, its about 50%. RF catheters, similar to what we saw in the last call, still being used in about 20% of the PFA cases, so we continue to see that. I think the net effect of all of this is the markets growing, its accelerating. Weve got a strong position. Everything that weve talked about in the past, about our opportunity with the mapping and all of the other consumables is there. RF still plays a role, its still an important role, and our business has actually grown faster than what it was growing before. If you look at 19, we were about 12%, 18 was about 14%, so were actually doing better now. I think that is positive for the market, which is why weve invested heavily in our PFA portfolio, which will--you will start to see hit the market in the--Id say next year, Im not going to try and time the quarter here, but definitely next year. I think this is good and the teams have done an incredible job at executing the strategy that we laid out, so kudos to them.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks so much. Thanks for the comprehensive answer.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Travis Steed from BofA Securities. Your line is open.
Travis Steed: Hey, congrats on the good quarter. I wanted to ask about structural heart - really stood out this quarter, accelerated from last quarter. Just curious how much of that is on MitraClip recovery, you got TriClip approved early, how much youre seeing from the TriClip side and how much is coming in from some of the other newer products, like Amulet and Navitor.
Robert Ford: Sure. Obviously TriClip was an important launch and helped to accelerate the growth rate, Travis, but I think its pretty broad-based here. I mean, if you look at TriClip, we were ready to go because we had certain built-in advantages in this area, right - we had the scale, we had the sales force, the manufacturing capacity, so we were ready to go. I think from our estimates here, even though we launched a quarter after our competitor with their system, I think the repair device is already in twice as many accounts as the replacement system, so we had a natural kind of built-in advantage here as we went to the market, and the cases are doing very well. The feedback has been very positive. But I think its really broad-based here. Navitor has done very well, both in international markets and in the U.S., and the value proposition is starting to gain more traction - you know, great clinical profile, excellent hemodynamics, and thats driving a lot of opportunity for us in international and U.S. markets. We shared some data from our registry, from our Japan registry, and great safety also, so thats doing very well. Amulet, we saw really nice growth in the U.S. for Amulet this quarter - it was about 45%, so that product is doing very well and were focusing here on continued, what I would call penetration in same store sales, so were about close to 20% in the accounts that were in. Were in about half of the market here in the U.S., so our opportunity here is to continue to expand the sales force and go to newer accounts, so thats done very well, too. MitraClip, I think we continue to see some continued growth internationally. In the U.S. with competitive activity, thats kind of slowed down a little bit of the growth, but I think with TriClip now coming into the market and gaining traction, well be able to provide a value proposition across both repair systems and drive there. So structural heart, the growth rate has accelerated from Q1, doing very well, and Id say its really across a full portfolio approach versus just really trying to single out one product or one technology. Theres work we have to do in MitraClip - thats clear, in the U.S., internationally its done very well; but all the other products that Ive talked about are doing very well and gaining market share, and gaining adoption, so thats why you saw structural hearts growth rate actually accelerate, and I continue to see that thats going to be definitely for the rest of this year and going into next year.
Travis Steed: Thats super helpful. Then on your sensor business, how are you thinking about segmenting the market with Lingo versus Rio, and how do you think those markets are going to develop over time? When you look at your core Libre business, anything to call out, any changes in U.S. versus international market dynamics?
Robert Ford: Well, youre trying to cover a lot of ground there with that question. You could probably spend a whole call going through all of that. I think at its highest level, Libre continues to do very well. Theres still a lot of growth opportunity. Obviously the basal opportunity is the biggest one, and were doing--having great progress over there, but even in the MDI segment, theres still a lot of penetration to occur in the MDI segment. I think in the U.S., theres still about a third of multiple daily injectors that arent using CGM, and international developed markets, its around 50%, so theres plenty of growth in Libre. Our strategy here with Lingo and Libre Rio is just really to have a full portfolio and look at this as a platform where we can expand the use of the sensor technology across different types of diabetes populations, but also what is probably the larger market, which is people that dont have diabetes, right? I think if you--if you take--right now, I would say were doing to launch it here in the U.S. and were going to start expanding globally, and well see how it looks like and what it takes to win there. But what I do know, based on the U.K. experience, is that it takes some time to educate and communicate with a patient population that, while excited about having new tools to drive healthier habits, they do need some time to understand its use. But I think its a pretty big opportunity for us and one that weve disproportionately invested to be able to get into this position. I think if you take Lingo and you look at U.S. and Western Europe, the adult population there, youve got about 400 million people in those markets. If you take a single-digit penetration rate, a few sensors a year, youre looking at a multi-billion opportunity there, and were not there yet. I think once weve got better understanding of how this is going to work, well be better at forecasting it; but just at a high level and looking at it from a total adult population and relatively, Id say, modest penetration rate, its a pretty big opportunity. Like I said in my comments, weve done this for a while since weve launched internationally, and weve learned a lot and were going to bring that learning and experience here to the U.S., so its an exciting opportunity for us.
Travis Steed: Great, thanks Robert.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Robbie Marcus from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Robbie Marcus: Oh great, thanks. Ill add my congratulations on a good quarter. Two for me, two product questions. Maybe just to follow up on the diabetes Libre question, Robert, how are you thinking about a holistic drive of advertising and word of mouth for these new products, especially as we move into the OTC, versus generating data, and how much will be necessary? I think back five years ago, and where we are today was probably not in most peoples forecasts, and with the amount of data we have showing in non-diabetics how beneficial CGM is, how are you thinking about data versus not data, insurance coverage versus not insurance coverage, and how do the markets look one way or the other?
Robert Ford: Yeah, I dont think--so from an insurance coverage perspective, if youre referring to Lingo specifically for non-diabetes, I think its going to be--you know, I dont think that thats going to be something that were building a forecast assuming reimbursement coverage over it, even though I agree with you - you know, there is nice data that shows that people that dont have diabetes can benefit from this, Robbie, and it helps sustain behavior modification. Ultimately this is what it is, right - its using data to be able to kind of help people that want to stay healthy, give them more information, and ensure that they can refine their habits or change habits. I think that that is at the core there - its really communicating directly with consumers. If you think about the diabetes space and how CGM uptake, you needed both a communication with the patient and you needed obviously a communication with the physician. I think that thats still important for the non-diabetes. I think that some people will want to have some sort of recognition from the healthcare professional that this might be a good investment to do in, right, and the key thing here is just the utilization. I dont think youre going to see people that dont have diabetes use this, you know, a sensor 365 days a year, but like I said, if theyre using a couple times a year, theres still a benefit, and well be generating data on this over time. I think its going to be important to generate data, even if its not to communicate to payors to get reimbursement, but even if its to communicate to physicians, the primary care and the direct consumers, that theres a value here of doing that. I think the key thing here is personalization and how do you personalize information and the data and the coaching, so the strategy here is, yes, youre doing to have to use TV to be able to communicate, but I dont think its--I dont think given our experience here that you could just go on TV and blast TV advertising and youll get this big uptake. Youre going to have to do some on-the-ground kind of gorilla marketing - lets call it like that, together with TV advertising to really be able to open up the market and then sustain it, right, and sustain its use. Thats how were thinking about it, and thats why we have a separate team completely removed from the Libre and the diabetes team, that theyre focusing on how to execute this strategy. I think its more of an S-curve growth versus an out-of-the-gate. I know that everybody is focused on what the sales are in the second half, whether its me or the competitor. I think the bigger picture here is, hey, theres a really big opportunity here and if we do it right, its an opportunity that will be more than a flash in the frying pan. It will sustain itself and it could become standard, so.
Robbie Marcus: Great color. One more from me - Aveir and the leadless pacing, particularly the dual chamber now with coverage, I think is an underappreciated opportunity. Maybe if you dont mind, spend a minute there, how you see this market evolving, and whats the early feedback on the launch so far? Thanks.
Robert Ford: Yes, I mean, ultimately I think this whole leadless is going to change the growth trajectory of our CRM business. If you look at CRM, it grew 7% last year, its grown 7% the first half of this year - it was previously a flat business, and weve been doing that, I would say, with good success on dual, but I wouldnt say that its at full cycle yet, because one of the things that were working on is ensuring that were doing the training and were getting physicians comfortable with the procedure, right? Its a completely different procedure versus what the entire industry has been accustomed to. Were using mapping, were going into the groin versus doing pockets above the chest, so it is a little different and were focusing on that. That being said, weve been able to accelerate the growth rate just with a single chamber. I think right now after two years, weve probably captured about 50 share, but to your point, the bigger opportunity is in dual, and the procedures are going great. Once physicians get several under their--you know, experience with several of them, theyre talking about okay, how do we accelerate this and an opportunity to drive more patients into it, but we want to make sure weve got a pretty large base of well-trained, great outcomes physicians across the United States. Listen, this is a $3 billion global segment and there really hasnt been much innovation in it, and here you have something thats truly unique and differentiated, and Id say once we feel that weve gotten to a point where we feel good about the capabilities and training and the amount of physician coverage that exists, this is definitely a product that I can see going a little bit more mainstream, having more direct consumer communications because of the value proposition it affords them, so I think this is a great opportunity for us. It might be under-appreciated with the market, but it is definitely appreciated amongst me and the device team and the CRM team, and were working hard to get to that point where you can really let it go strong.
Robbie Marcus: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Josh Jennings from TD Cowen. Your line is now open.
Josh Jennings: Good morning, thanks for taking the questions. Robert, I wanted to just start asking about just this multi-year trajectory for Abbott. Youve been delivering top tier organic revenue growth performance over the last two years and potentially have a two-year double-digit stacked comp next year, but I think the team has been publicly stating that potentially the business could outpace pre-pandemic levels, which were in that 7% to 8% range. I think during this call, youve put forward a lot that supports that type of trajectory, but maybe just to reiterate your confidence level there, and is this kind of outpacing your pre-pandemic levels over the medium term dependent on M&A, or is this the core business with internal development programs thats really going to drive this top tier growth out over the next couple of years?
Robert Ford: Was that an attempt to get to the 2025 kind of question? Id say, listen - weve been saying that we made investments during COVID to accelerate the company, make it stronger, build our portfolio so we could accelerate the growth, right? If you look at the last six quarters, weve been delivering top tier, high single digit, double digit growth, and this is on a company thats doing $40 billion-plus of revenues, so I think thats pretty impressive. If you look at our med tech portfolio, it was the fastest growing med tech portfolio last year, fastest growing in the first quarter of this year. Well see what happens this second quarter, but weve positioned the company to be able to deliver this, and do I think that we can continue to deliver this top tier performance throughout this year and into next year? Yes, I absolutely do, because of, one, what weve built, and then just the evidence and the proof points that weve been able to reliably and sustainably deliver that. So yes, we feel good about our ability. The markets that were participating in are attractive, so they are markets that we lead, and when those markets grow, our leadership benefits. There are markets that are attractive that were entering, and theres plenty of opportunity for market share gain; and there are markets that are attractive that were building, and theres no real clinical opportunity--or theres a clinical opportunity for our products that were developing to come in there, so as we build those markets, they become attractive and our position gets solidified. I think that framework applies to all four of our business units have opportunities across those three frameworks. On the M&A front, yes, if were able to find an asset that makes sense strategically to us, makes sense financially that could add even further to that growth, then weve got the balance sheet to be able to do that; but its not dependent--as Ive told you, its really focused on the organic side to be able to deliver this top tier growth.
Josh Jennings: Understood, and thanks for that answer. Another kind of high level question you probably receive regularly, but just wanted--its our understanding as well that your team, the Board ever year at least once a year, maybe multiple times a year, is just considering the strategic fit of the four major business units for Abbott, and maybe just if we could get an update on your thoughts on the business combinations and the potential for spins down the line. Thanks a lot.
Robert Ford: Well, we look at our portfolio on an ongoing basis. I dont think theres this one moment in the year that we do it - were doing it on an ongoing basis, and the company has a history of ensuring that the portfolio that is assembled is not only delivering value to patients and governments and healthcare systems, but its also delivering value to our shareholders. We historically havent shied away from asking ourselves the questions and answering those questions, and if theres an opportunity to create value through addition or through subtraction, then the company has shown that its ready to do that. I think the two fundamental questions about that is, is there an opportunity to create value for shareholders, and is there somebody that could do better with our businesses? Right now, you look at what were doing with our businesses, were performing at the highest level across all of the four segments. Well see what happens during this earnings season here, but I feel very good about the team and what theyre doing. Obviously there are areas that we could always do better, and we focus on that; but at the highest level, all four of our sectors have been delivering outstanding growth, market-leading growth, and quite frankly innovating and fulfilling our purpose and our mission, which is to help people live healthier lives. I like the diversity. The diversity provides both defense and offense capabilities, and as long as youre managing them within each one of their segments, allocating capital that is proportionate to their growth and their industry, and we spend a lot of time managing all four segments, then I think were doing a good job at running them.
Josh Jennings: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from David Roman from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
David Roman: Thank you and good morning everybody. I was hoping to ask one question on the P&L side and one on the capital allocation side. Maybe Ill start with the P&L here. As I kind of look at the guidance here for the back half of the year, our math implies its something like 100 basis points-plus of year-over-year operating margin expansion, and about 9% EPS growth at the midpoint of the range. Can you maybe talk through some of the drivers that underpin that margin expansion on a year-over-year basis? Obviously we saw a turn here in Q2 versus what we saw in Q1, but maybe walk us through some of the drivers that get to that improved margin and earnings growth performance in the back half of the year.
Robert Ford: Sure, Ill let Phil take that.
Phil Boudreau: Yes, good morning David. Robert touched a little bit in his opening comments here on some of that expansion already this year, and were in a pretty unique position relative to some of our peers in terms of our op margin profile, that were already back to pre-pandemic levels, and we did that strategically through managing spend through the ups and downs of COVID testing. As we talked earlier this year, Q1 was really the last big comp on COVID testing impacts on sales and profiles. With respect to margin expansion and gross margin in particular, the guidance for the year is around 75 basis points as you highlight some progress here, and more to go, but the trajectory is there. Were focused on the things that we can control and execute on, and in particular some of this great portfolio contribution from our sales top line performance, particularly in accretive businesses, is a contributor here, and one that we anticipate will continue to expand here throughout the year. We have dedicated teams in each one of our businesses focused solely on gross margin improvement, productivity yield improvements, cost reductions, innovation that brings accretion to the portfolio. All of those elements are contributors here quarter in and quarter out and continue to contribute through the rest of the year. Then we also have elements--weve talked about some of the cycles that we go through, be it in commodities markets and the like, some of the inflation the last few years, that are starting to sort of stabilize and normalize Were seeing freight and distribution profiles normalize and start to be more a tailwind as opposed to headwind, and were also seen in commodity markets as well things not only stabilizing, but coming down and also contributing to tailwinds to gross margin, and anticipate that to persist here as well. The combination of all of those contributes to the confidence here and continuing to drive the top tier sales performance, but also expand margins throughout the year.
David Roman: Super helpful, thank you. Then maybe just on the capital allocation side, maybe thinking about the other side of Joshs question, if you look across the sector here, weve seen M&A pick up a little bit in the second quarter - I think there were two billion dollar-plus transactions announced with transaction multiples starting to trend toward the lower end of historical levels. But could you maybe give us your latest perspective on the M&A environment and how youre thinking about capital allocation as your cash balance continues to build nicely here?
Robert Ford: Well, on the capital allocation more broadly, listen - Ive been pretty clear every call about we have a balanced approach, right? I know you guys cover a lot of companies that have different approaches. Our approach is balanced, and we believe that that balanced approach benefits the long term shareholder. One of the metrics that I believe, David, is a good measure of evaluating capital deployment effectiveness is ROIC, and if you look at ROIC over the last three years, weve averaged around high teens, and thats on the higher end of the med tech peers that we often get compared to, so. We believe that ROIC is a good measure of how effectively were deploying the capital, and we look at a balanced approach, so are there internal capital investments that drive future growth. Weve been talking about all these great opportunities we have, and were funding them and they have great returns. Debt pay down - we dont have much this year, but we took care of some towers last year because we didnt want--we obviously didnt want to refinance them. Dividend and buybacks are--you know, the dividend is definitely core to our investment identity, and we intend to continue to grow our dividend, so that is a balanced approach. Even with all of that, we also, as youve probably seen, we have opportunity from a balance sheet perspective to deploy that from an M&A perspective, and weve been spending time talking about our strong top line and the pipeline that weve developed, and that allows us to be a little bit more selective. You look at other transactions that happened and you have to ask, okay, whats the strategy behind that, and a lot of the time you can see youre having to sustain your growth rate, right? If youre in the business of driving top line through acquisitions, then youve got to--you know, thats part of your model, youre going to have to keep doing that, whether the valuations are right or wrong, or not right. But we look at these strategic fit, can they generate an attractive return, can we make the business better that were acquiring. We dont want to be just a holding, and I think that weve shown that when we do, do our acquisitions, thats the framework, you know - fits in strategically, generates nice return, and we tend to operate them or add value to them than when they were a standalone, so.
David Roman: Appreciate all the perspective, and thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Danielle Antalffy from UBS. Your line is open.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey, good morning guys, thanks so much for taking the question. Congrats on a really good quarter here. Robert, one of the things that struck me when we spoke--I have two product-specific questions, when we last spoke is how youre looking at the sustainability of historically slower growing businesses and areas exposed to historically slower growing markets, so obviously Im thinking CRM. Can you talk a little bit about the strategy there - obviously Aveir is a big part of that, and just leadless pacing in general, and how sustainable--I mean, its been, like, multiple quarters now of organic growth in the mid-plus single digit range, and then just one follow-up, another product question.
Robert Ford: Yes, well that was part of our strategy as we looked at our med tech portfolio - youve obviously got high growth drivers there with EDP, structural heart, diabetes care, neuro, heart failure, and we looked at CRM and vascular, and those are more flat businesses, so the combination of all that is you had a med tech portfolio that was growing 7%, 8%, maybe 9% a quarter there. To get to double digits, we needed those two businesses to get at least to mid single digits, right, and Id say on the CRM side, our strategy there was to really focus on Aveir leadless pacemakers. You know, theres a pipeline of products there - I dont want to tilt my hand here, but we didnt do Aveir DR and stop there. The teams gotten R&D programs to continue to advance those and even to look at the ICD market also and what are the opportunities that we can do to innovate. But there is space to innovate in that market, and that for me is important, is the diabetes market, you know, 15 years ago, people would say, gee, thats a slow growth market - well, now look at it, right? If you focus on innovation on meeting needs, unmet needs, you can turn a market around. From a vascular perspective, as I said in my comments, were trying to--weve been repositioning the portfolio to more higher growth areas, peripheral areas, endovascular areas, but we started that a little bit later than what we did in CRM, so I expect to start to see our vascular business start to also contribute to a higher growth rate, the same way that CRM is, and that just kind of bolsters our entire med tech portfolio and gets us into that 12%, 13% growth rate, at least thats our target.
Danielle Antalffy: Okay, thats helpful. Then the follow-up question is on the structural heart side of things, and I know Amulet has been on the market for a little bit here, but my impression is that now its kind of like Abbott is no longer fighting with one hand tied behind their back. Can you talk a little bit about that, and your 45% growth, I think you said in the quarter, where to from here for Amulet? Thanks so much for taking the questions.
Robert Ford: Yes, so it was a great quarter. I think the teams kind of hitting its stride right now. As Ive said, our focus here was really to kind of drive adoption in the centers that we were at, versus expansion. The competitor has expanded the market - there is probably about 800 centers that are doing these implants, and were probably in about half of it. Now, thats good, right - that provides a market expansion dynamic here in the U.S., but-. I mean, Im really encouraged by some of the data that Im seeing, and I think it starts with the data, right? You know, we had patient registry data come out where we showed that 95% closure rates were achieved post implant and sustained after 45 days, 90% of closure success rate using Amulet, for patients that actually fail to achieve proper closure rate with a competitive product, so I think that theres an opportunity here for our value proposition, and then weve got to continue to invest. We are already investing on our next-generation Amulet, focusing on ease of use, focusing--and well maintain our superiority here that we believe we have regarding the ceiling of LEA. Were investing in clinical trials, obviously weve been public about Catalyst, which is a trial that will compare Amulet to NOAC and to ablation treatment, so this is an exciting market for us and we will continue to invest in it, and ultimately it comes down to really looking at surrounding the electrophysiologist with the most comprehensive portfolio, whether its on pacemakers and ICDs, structural heart interventions with stroke preventions, and then obviously ablations and AF treatment. At its highest level, thats the important side here, is Amulet fits an important role even though we report it as structural heart. Its really playing a role here to surround the physician, the EP with the tools they need to advance care.
Danielle Antalffy: Thank you.
Mike Comilla: Operator, well take one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Kumar: Hi Robert. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on a nice sprint here. I wanted to touch on biosimilars - you know, you brought this up on the call. Can you elaborate on your strategy there? Are you planning to manufacture these products? Is Abbott going to be a CDMO in that space or do you plan to launch your own biosimilars, or is this more of Abbott being a distributor and taking advantage of your brand presence in emerging markets? What is Abbotts role in that place, and how do you size that market opportunity for Abbott? When should that start contributing to Abbott?
Robert Ford: Sure. You know, this is one where Id say theres a couple phases to the strategy. The core premise of this, Vijay, is if you look at the emerging markets and the disease prevalence that exists in these emerging markets, theyre no different than the disease prevalence in the U.S or Europe. You could look at some of them are higher, etc., but in general theres an opportunity to bring these biologics into the emerging market. For a variety of reasons, those markets have not been a priority for the originators. Their main focus has obviously been in the international developed markets - U.S., Western Europe, Japan, Canada, Australia, etc., so this provides just a patient need opportunity that we want to size up. What weve seen through some of our--you know, we have done some more regional biosimilar deals that weve launched, and what weve seen is that the growth of the molecule grows significantly once a biosimilar enters in terms of penetration into a patient population. Its a different dynamic in developed markets, as we know, but in emerging markets the category really expands, so what we wanted to do is to say, okay, before we start to think about manufacturing, before we start to think about that, we want to be able to understand what is the uptake of these products once you go ahead and put a concerted effort to developing these types of products in emerging markets. It fits right into our wheelhouse, where weve got relationships with governments, we have relationships with physicians, and weve got relationships with the distribution area. The question is how can you do it in--how can you execute that strategy thats capital efficient and doesnt erode gross margin of that business, and I give a lot of kudos to the team because theyve really been able to position our presence in these markets as an advantage to these players that really arent focusing on emerging markets, theyre focusing more on the opportunity that exists in developed markets, and now they can partner with one single company, reputable company to be able to use that capacity in other markets. Id say were in the phase right now of, okay, is there sustainability to this, so the deals that weve done give us access, our gross margin is not dilutive, and were going to see how it goes. As you think about the ramp-up of what weve got in the pipeline, well start launching in 2025, but you look at some of the big molecules that will come up for us 26,27, thats I think when some of these very large oncology opportunities that we have will play a huge role for us and accelerate the growth there.
Vijay Kumar: Thats helpful. Maybe one last one on capital deployment. I know its been asked - Im curious on share repurchases. You guys have done phenomenal growth. The street doesnt seem to be giving credit. Why not? You didnt see any share repurchase in the first half. Why is Abbott being conservative on share repurchases?
Robert Ford: Yes, well weve done a lot of share repurchases over the last couple of years, say catching up a little bit, to maybe not doing as much repurchasing after the two acquisitions we did in 2017 and 2018. If you look at our repurchases and dividends, its been about $20 billion that weve returned over the last four years, Vijay - $20 billion in dividends and buybacks, and that accounts for a good amount of our free cash flow over the last couple of years to our shareholders. Were not--the years not over, and again well see opportunities. Weve got plenty of opportunities to be able to do that, so Id say I think weve done a pretty good here at returning cash back to our shareholders over the last couple of years, and that commitment well maintain, so.
Robert Ford: Ill just close here. This was a great quarter for us and, quite frankly, a great quarter in connection with five quarters before that, where weve delivered above-market growth. Im really pleased with our continued strong performance. Weve raised our sales outlook, our EPS ranges for the second time this year. The toughest COVID test comps are now behind us, so I look forward to not having to--you know, well obviously report our COVID testing sales, but youll start to see those comps start to dwindle away now, which means then that our EPS is back to growth. I think one of the questions there about showing our EPS exiting the year in high single digits, double-digit kind of range and getting back to our formula, thats what were interested in, and weve got a lot of positive momentum here heading into the second half of the year. With that, well wrap up, and thank you for joining us.
Mike Comilla: Thank you Operator, and thank you all for your questions. This now concludes Abbotts conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 am Central time today on Abbotts Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-17 09:00:00) =====
Robert Ford - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:
Phil Boudreau - Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer:
Bob Funck - Executive Vice President, Finance:
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Mike Comilla, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Mike Comilla: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance; and Phil Boudreau, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Phil will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2024. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note, that Abbott has not provided the GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis because the Company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in the press release issued earlier today. With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert.
Robert Ford : Thanks, Mike. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.98, which was above analyst consensus estimates. We also raised the midpoint of our guidance ranges for both earnings per share and sales growth. We now forecast full year adjusted earnings per share of $4.55 to $4.70 and organic sales growth, excluded COVID testing related sales of 8.5% to 10%. Organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing related sales was 10.8% in the quarter, which represents the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. The strong start to the year was driven by broad base growth across a portfolio, including growth of 14% in medical devices and established pharmaceuticals. In addition to exceeding expectations of both top and bottom lines this quarter, we accomplished a number of objectives across the pipeline, including obtaining several new product approvals and achieving important clinical trial related milestones. I'll now summarize our first quarter results in more detail before turning the coal over to Phil, and I'll start with nutrition, where sales increased 8% in the quarter. Strong growth in the quarter was led by double-digit growth in pediatric nutrition, driven by continued market share gains in the U.S. infant formula business and growth across our international portfolio of infant formula, toddler and adult nutrition brands. In January, we launched a new nutrition shake called PROTALITY, which provides nutritional support for adults pursuing weight loss. As people eat less and lose weight from taking GLP-1 medications, undergoing a weight loss surgery, or following a calorie restricted diet. A portion of what is lost is lean muscle mass, which plays an important role in overall health. Combination of high protein and essential vitamins and minerals that totality offers can help people preserve muscle while pursuing their personal weight loss goals. Turning to EPD or sales increased 14% in the quarter. This quarter was a continuation of EPDs impressive trend of strong performance, including double-digit growth in four of the last five quarters. In addition to a strong track record of top line growth, this business has delivered equally impressive gains on the bottom line with an operating margin profile last year that reflected more than 350 basis points of improvement compared to 2019. Moving to diagnostics, where sales increased more than 5%, excluding COVID testing sales. Growth in diagnostics continues to be led by the adoption of our market leading systems and demand for testing that takes place in a variety of settings, including hospitals, laboratories, urgent care centers, physician offices, retail pharmacies, and blood screening facilities. Our development efforts and diagnostics focus on developing new systems and creating new tests that play an important role in making healthcare decisions, expand the accessibility of testing and deliver a result as fast as possible. In April, we received FDA approval for a point of care diagnostic test that could help determine if someone suffered a mild traumatic brain injury or concussion in just 15 minutes. The test is run on our portable i-STAT Alinity instrument, which allows concussion testing to move beyond the traditional hospital setting and into urgent care centers, physician offices, and other locations that are closer to the patient, with nearly 5 million people in the U.S. going to the emergency room to be checked for suspected concussion each year. We believe this test has the potential to transform the standard of care for concussion testing, and I will wrap up with medical devices, where sales grew 14% in diabetes care. FreeStyle Libre sales were $1.5 billion in the quarter and grew 23%. As I previously mentioned, that Libre has several new growth opportunities that will help continue to fuel the strong sales trajectory we have forecasted. One of those growth opportunities relates to the continued expansion of reimbursement coverage for Libre, for individuals who use basal insulin therapy to manage their diabetes. Last year, we announced that Libre became the first and only continuous glucose monitoring system to be nationally reimbursed in France to include all people, who use basal insulin as part of their diabetes management. During this first quarter, Libre obtained reimbursement from a select number of institutional payers in Germany for basal insulin users who also use oral diabetes medication to manage their condition. These select public and private payers cover a limited number of the approximately 1 million basal insulin users in Germany, but this is an encouraging sign of the potential for further coverage expansion not only in Germany but across other European markets. In cardiovascular devices, sales grew 10.5% overall in the quarter, led by double-digits growth in electrophysiology, structural heart and continued acceleration in our cardiac Rhythm Management and Vascular portfolios. In electrophysiology, sales grew 18%, driven by double-digits growth in all major geographic regions and across all major product categories, including double-digits growth in ablation catheters and cardiac mapping related products. We continue to make great progress toward bringing our innovative PFA catheter, Volt to market. In March, we completed enrollment in our CE Mark clinical study, putting us on-track to file for international approval before the end of the year. We also recently began enrolling patients in our U.S. clinical trial called VOLT-AF, which will generate the data needed to support an FDA approval filing. In structural heart, growth of 13% was led by strong performance in several high-growth areas, including TAVR, LAA, mitral and tricuspid repair. Structural heart is an area that we have invested in over the past years in order to create a diversified portfolio that can sustainably deliver double-digits growth. In the past, we relied almost exclusively on MitraClip to drive the growth, but today the portfolio and growth are more balanced and reflect increasing contributions from newer products like Navitor, Amulet and TriClip. In April, we received FDA approval for TriClip, a first of its kind heart valve repair device designed for the treatment of tricuspid regurgitation or a leaky tricuspid valve. Data from the clinical trial supporting this approval demonstrated that, patients who receive TriClip experienced a significant improvement in the severity of their symptoms and quality of life. We are excited to now offer this life-changing treatment option to people in the United States that suffer from this condition. In Rhythm Management, growth of 7.5% was led by AVEIR, our recently launched leadless pacemaker. AVEIR has rapidly captured market share in the single chamber pacing segment of the market and is now being used for dual chamber pacing, which is the largest segment of the pacing market. This revolutionary technology is helping to deliver growth rates in our Rhythm Management business that significantly exceed the overall growth in this market. And lastly, in neuromodulation, sales grew 17%, driven by Eterna, a rechargeable neurostimulation device for pain management. In January, we announced the launch of Liberta, the world's smallest rechargeable deep brain stimulation device, which is used to treat movement disorders such as Parkinson's disease. In summary, we're off to a very good start to the year, exceeding expectations on both top and bottom lines. And as a result, we have raised the midpoint of our sales and EPS guidance ranges. We continue to make good progress on our gross margin expansion initiatives and we're seeing strong returns from the investments we are making across our growth platforms. Our pipeline has continued to be highly productive, delivering several recently new product approvals and we're very well-positioned to continue to deliver strong results for the remainder of the year, and I'll turn over the call to Phil.
Phil Boudreau: Thanks, Robert. As Mike mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis. Turning to our first quarter results, sales increased 4.7% on an organic basis, which as expected includes the impact of year-over-year decline in COVID testing related sales. Excluding COVID testing sales underlying base business, organic sales growth was 10.8% in the quarter. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 2.9% on first quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar strengthen versus several currencies, which resulted in exchange having a more unfavorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at the time of our earnings call in January. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.7% of sales, adjusted R&D was 6.7% of sales and adjusted SG&A was 29.4% of sales in the first quarter. Lastly, our first quarter adjusted tax rate was 15%. Turning to our outlook for the full year, we now forecast full year adjusted earnings per share of $4.55 to $4.70, which represents an increase at the midpoint of the range compared to the guidance range we provided in January. We also raised the midpoint of our guidance for organic sales growth. We now forecast organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing to be in the range of 8.5% to 10%. Based on current rates, we expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 2.5% on full year reported sales, which includes an expected unfavorable impact of approximately 3% on second quarter reported sales. Lastly, for the second quarter, we forecast adjusted earnings per share of $1.08 to $1.12. With that, we'll now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus : Two for me. I'll just ask them both up front. First, Robert, we almost never see Abbott raise guidance particularly on the top line in the first quarter. Looking back over the past, I don't know, 5, 10 years, it's very rare. First part is what gave you the confidence to raise the midpoint of the guidance this early on in the year? And then second, obviously, there's been a lot of concern during the quarter with competitors loss in a case for NEC as it relates to infant nutrition. I was hoping you could address that what's your stance on the ongoing litigation? I think there's about a thousand cases that have been filed and any upcoming data points or timelines we should be looking for.
Robert Ford : Let's go first to your question on the guidance, yeah, you're right. I guess I had to go back and take a look at that. I think the last time we did raise in Q1 was in 2016. I would say the framework here, Rob, is we've always done is, we set a guidance at the beginning of the year, which we believe is top tier, and then throughout the year, we want to beat that guidance, and we consider top tier to be high single-digit double-digit EPS growth. And that's obviously excluding the COVID testing portion, which is what investors are really more focused on. So that was the guidance that we set a couple months ago, back in January. We will target always have that top tier guidance and find the appropriate balance between, the opportunities. And obviously the challenge is that bracket that range. If you remember in January, I said I thought that there was more opportunities than risks. I think that some of the risks that we saw in January, I still think they haven't gone away. They are still there, whether it's geopolitics or whether it's FX, those are still there. But clearly the performance of the business continues to be very, very strong. And some of our businesses, a lot of our businesses actually accelerating our in performance. As I said in my comments, five consecutive quarters of double-digit growth here. You look at each of the businesses, EPD consecutive, three consecutive of double-digit growth, great margin expansion, and the teams are now working to be able to introduce biosimilars in all the markets that we are participating in. Nutrition has done an incredible job at recovering share and growing our adult business. We have grown adult over $1 billion versus 2019. Diagnostics continues to have a great track record here, outperforming the market. We have got some great large account wins both in the U.S. and internationally that we're rolling out into this year. And medical devices, I mean, what can I tell you? It is just been a real strong performer. The team's done an incredible job there. Last year, we were the fastest growing MedTech Company, at least from what I have seen from our guidance and from the other guidances in the market. That's what it seems to be again this year. So you put all that together, plus the pipeline that's been contributing to an accelerated level, great new product approvals. I put all that together and I just feel that this type of performance that we deliver just gives us the confidence for the remainder of the outlook of the year. We felt comfortable raising the guidance again, in the first quarter, which is as you pointed out something that we don't usually do. I continue to believe going into the second quarter, as we move through that there's probably more opportunities than risks here, as we move forward. I guess that's the framework of raising our guidance in the first quarter, which is something that we usually don't do. Just great performance and great momentum. And then your other question was regarding the net cases. I would say from a date, we have some court cases that will happen in July. So that's maybe a milestone that we want to look at. But if you are asking me about kind of our framework of how we look at this. I'd say, for decades, we've provided specialized nutrition products that help doctors. And I think that's a key thing here. It helps doctors to provide the lifesaving nutrition to the premature infants. How you feed a premature infant, it's a medical decision, Robbie. Health care providers, they're going to use a range of options to meet the unique needs of each baby. That includes mother's milk, that includes pasteurized donor's milk, but that also includes preterm infant formula, because where mother's milk is not available, there is not a sufficient supply of donor milk to satisfy the nutritional needs of all of these premature infants that are born in the U.S. And quite frankly, even when they're available for some premature infants, human milk may lack some of the calories, the proteins, the vitamins et cetera that are necessary to support the nutritional needs of the premature infants. That mother's milk needs to be fortified in order to boost the nutritional output. The medical community, they consider these products to be critical part of the standard-of-care for feeding premature infants. Most of the societies when you read their positions, it is a standard-of-care to use these products. The doctors who work in the NICUs, they've used our products for decades and they continue to do so today. Countless babies, Robbie, have benefited from these products, lifesaving experiences over many, many years and there are clinical studies that have repeatedly established that, these products are safe. These litigation cases, they're really seeking to advance a theory promoted by plenty of lawyers that distorts the science and it distorts everything that we know and it's not supported by the medical community. We are preparing for our cases to be able to kind of lay out the facts, the science and the data and we stand behind our products.
Robbie Marcus: Appreciate it, Robert. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Good morning. I'll echo, Robbie's, congratulations on the strong start to the year here. Robert, I just wanted to focus on EP. A multipart question here, but just one. The EP business grew nicely in the first quarter in the U.S. and outside the U.S. Can you talk about what drove that? What you're seeing with PFA in the different geographies? Your expectations for your EP business going forward before the Volt launch? Just lastly, it sounds like we should expect the Volt approval in Europe sometime next year based on the filing date. Just want to confirm that.
Robert Ford: Sure. Like I said in my opening comments, we completed the trial. There's a six month follow-up, Larry. That means that, we will be on target here to file for CE mark by the end of this year. Then, it's just going to depend on that process. I think that's probably our anchor point here is getting the filing in before the end of the year. Yes, I mean, I'm not surprised by our EP growth. I know many on the call might be, but I'm not surprised. First of all, it's an important therapy. It's an underpenetrated disease. We know there's plenty of growth in this segment, and as a result of that, it's highly competitive. But we haven't been surprised by the growth. If you look at PFA, it's been in Europe for three years. If you average our growth rate over those last three years in Europe, we've been growing mid-teens, and the growth, it remains broad base. It was broad based in Europe, again, this quarter where we saw double-digit growth in ablation catheters. Not just on the mapping side, on the ablation catheter side also but then also great growth on the mapping side, and this technology has now come to the U.S. I think we probably had maybe two months of seeing the technology be rolled out here in the U.S. I think the competitors have been very aggressive here in terms of bringing the technology to the accounts in the U.S., and I can say, we've mapped a lot of those cases, Larry. I'm not going to say we've been in every single case, but I'd say, a vast majority of the cases we've been in there. And there are some similarities to Europe, but there are some differences to Europe. I think one of the things that we saw in Europe was that there was this inclination to use the technology starting off as kind of a one shot. So that had an impact more on the CRYO business than I would say on the RF side. And that's what we saw in our mapping cases. We saw here, at least in the first couple of months, that's where a large portion of those cases occurred, at least the ones that we mapped were in places where they were traditionally used in CRYO. I think the difference that we saw a little bit in Europe is that at least 90% of the cases that we were part of direct or indirectly were using mapping that that number was lower in Europe. So that's probably a little bit of the difference I saw here in the U.S., and that bodes well for us. Our end site system, our mapping system, our mapping catheters are widely viewed as an excellent option here for mapping these PFA cases. We have a large install base. Customers are familiar with it. Don't need a make room, don't need a fight for capital. We've got best in class clinical support. And the architecture here is open, as I've said in previous calls. So it integrates well with these PFA catheters. We actually recently released a software upgrade last month that provides even better visualization to these catheters and potential for faster procedures and less floor time. I think this is a perfect combination, quite frankly, in a time where there's going to be market transition, There's a lot of new products, there's a lot of choices. And when you have a situation like that, I think flexibility is key, and that's what we heard from our customers. One data point that I thought was also interesting to your question of what helped drive that in the cases that we were part of, and we saw, we also observed that an RF catheter was pulled in about a quarter of the cases that we saw. So on top of the PFA catheter, an RF catheter was pulled to do touchups, et cetera. I'd say right now, everything that we've seen in Europe on the positive side is happening. And then I think there's some interesting dynamics here in the U.S. that could be favorable for us also, but it's still very early. If I look at March, we had probably one of our most, we look at cases per day. That was probably one of our highest months. So far so good. And we're excited about the technology, we're excited about our program. We released data on our program and some recent medical meetings that occurred. And the feedback, from those that have been used in our product are very positive. And the integration with EnSite in including like the tissue contact force algorithm and the visualization, all of that is seen as a real promise and a differentiator versus what's being used today.
Operator: Our next question will come from Josh Jennings from Cowen.
Josh Jennings : Great to see the strong start here, the Q1 results. Robert, I was hoping to just ask first on Libre and just internationally, any other payment or coverage decisions that we should have on our radar in various countries. Sounds like you have made sense, some nice progress already in Germany, and then in the U.S. I was hoping you could just help or share your thoughts on the share gain opportunity in integrated pump segment of CGM market versus the share loss risk in the Type 2 non-insulin cash pace segment with a competitive launch share early in 2024. I just have one follow up.
Robert Ford : On your international question, I mean, it's always difficult to forecast exactly by month a quarter coverage kind of payment decisions. I can tell you though that the team has a full global map of all the work that's being done regarding clinical information and negotiations, et cetera. It's difficult to kind of forecast it, but what I have said is on previous calls and on some of my prepared remarks that I think you're going to see this just this build that will be occurring globally in the market as the data proves and shows the clinical medical and health economic benefit by reimbursing for this patient population. And I think we're well positioned there. Internationally, I think we got some pretty large markets already. Canada, Japan, France, Italy, Germany, those are markets that are either fully reimbursed or starting their process. And like I said, I think you will see as the year progresses, whether it's in medical events or just as the year progresses, I think you'll see more coverage decisions. Maybe they don't get splashy, big PR news, but we are seeing continuous increasing there on that. On the U.S. side, I guess I disagree with your premise that I'm going to be trading share gains on the pump side for share losses on the non-insulin side. I mean, I'm just, right now I'm looking at the data, third party audited data, 7 out of every 10 new prescriptions for this basal population, which is primarily served by the primary care channel, 7 out of 10 are going to Libre. I think our product's going to get even more competitive and compelling, I think this is a great opportunity and our objective here is to maintain kind of our shared dominance and our share leadership as it results in this patient segment. But we do have an opportunity here to participate a little bit more actively in what is a little bit more of a smaller segment of the population, but nonetheless a very important one, which is the AID and the market system. There's 150,000 to 200,000 new starts a year. There's an opportunity for share gain also of existing users. I think that, the opportunity to bring a dual analyte sensor with ketones. We showed some data at ATTD this year, that showed the safety benefit or the value proposition of a dual analyte sensor for AID system. I think that's going to be a compelling value proposition. We are working with all the pump companies here and I think as the year progresses, we'll see connectivity occur whether it's with Libre 2 Plus our streaming product or whether it's with Libre 3. This is an area that we are focusing on and it's a new segment for us to compete in. But I don't think that, we are going to be taking our eye off the ball as it relates to the basal opportunity that exists.
Josh Jennings: Understood. Thanks. And then just wanted to ask on the transcatheter tricuspid market, congratulations on the TriClip approval, but there's been some questions around the patient opportunity breakdown between TIER, TriClip and replacement with EVOQUE. Maybe just any internal team thoughts on that patient opportunity breakdown and then maybe you could share on the pricing strategy for TriClip in the setting of competitor pricing its replacement device at a significant premium? Thanks for taking the questions.
Robert Ford: I'm not going to comment on our pricing strategy for competitive reasons. It is a differentiated and novel technology. There is an opportunity, but we'll have to see how this all plays out. You got NTAP submissions and all this stuff going on right now. What we are focused on here is, launching the product and getting cases ramped up and that's what's happening. I got some feedback yesterday from the team after a couple of weeks, real nice cadence of growth. We are obviously focusing on our initial cases on most of the account that were part of our pivotal trial, but just but just real nice cadence growth there and great feedback from physicians and patients post-surgery. I mean, if you're trying to poke at, what's the breakdown going to be about replace and repair, listen, I think it's good to have options. I guess my view here is that, I believe that, probably safety is a key driver here, just to start off with. I think TriClip has shown a very strong excellent safety record, both in clinical trials and real world use. I think that's going to play a key role here in determining repair versus replace. I expect repair or TriClip at least to be the preferred option unless the valves are too damaged and then obviously replacement is the only option. But there is a large pool of patients here. You got 5 million people globally, 2 million people here in the U.S. and it's going to be an opportunity here that we will be generating more data, expand the indication of the product. I think this is easily a $1 billion opportunity for us here as we build the capabilities and as we build more clinical data.
Operator: Our next question will come from Travis Steed from BofA Securities.
Travis Steed: Maybe just while we're on the pipeline, talk a little bit about AVEIR it sounds like that that product's going really well. And then I had a question on gross margins as well. Trying to think about is this the right pace to kind of get back to pre-COVID levels and still the opportunity kind of longer term for gross margins?
Robert Ford : I think if AVEIR's done very well, I mean, we all know the advantages it has over the competitive system, whether it's single and dual chamber, the longer lasting battery, the ability for replacement, retrievability, upgradeability. It's done very well. From a single chamber perspective, I think we are now at about 50 share of the US market. So that's been doing very well. It's performed, we started doing our dual chamber procedures towards the end of last year. Seeing a nice kind of ramp up over this first quarter here. Focus here really is a really about, it's a completely different procedure, right? If you think about how these devices have been implanted, this is probably the first time in like 30 years that you have like a real meaningful change on how this is done. Our focus here is really getting great clinical results real thoughtful approach here about opening new sensors and training. And that's been working very well for us. And you could see the impact on our growth rate. I mean, historically our CRM business has been relatively flat with some platforms going up, some platforms going down. Our goal here with this program was to get our CRM portfolio to at least be contributor to growth mid-single digits, 6%, 7%. These last couple of quarters we've done seven and a half percent, and so AVEIR's been doing well, and it's going to continue to get better as more and more physicians get trained and we increase the amount of accounts. So I really like the cadence of how we're forecasting this business and the impact that it's going to have on our CRM portfolio. What was your other question?
Travis Steed : Just on gross margins, kind of thinking about the path back to pre COVID levels over the long term and is this the right kind of cadence that you're -- this year's cadence, the right way to think about that?
Robert Ford: I think that's a good cadence. I think we're forecasting here about 70 basis points of improvement this year. Feel good about that. I've talked about this not being a question of if, just a question of when, so I think that's not a bad cadence. And we're going to focus on the things that we can control and the things that we can control are obviously our cost and our cost teams and the teams that are working on improving gross margin, they're delivering great results here, while at the same time maintaining high service levels not running to back orders, et cetera. But probably the biggest the biggest opportunity we have here Travis, is just to expand the gross margin through portfolio mix. When you have our medical device businesses growing at mid-teens consistently over the last, whatever, four or five quarters, that has a real strong impact on our gross margin. So a lot of focus on what we control our gross margin, the cadence. That's what we are targeting. It's not really a question of if it's just a question of when.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vijay Kumar from Evercore, ISI.
Vijay Kumar : Robert, I had a two forward question. A lot of questions on pipeline, but I'm curious when people ask us on sustainability of growth, if you could elaborate on pipeline, what else is there? When you look at the future, that gives us the confidence of sustaining its premium growth within the med tech industry. My second part was on the financial modeling side, looks like FX headwinds came in a little bit higher. Prior guidance that is $0.20 headwind to EPS from FX. Did that increase? I'm just curious on because some questions on why the high end of the guidance was not raised. I suspect the FX headwind increase.
Robert Ford : As I said, there are certain challenges that still remain with us from January and FX is one of them. I'll let Phil answer that one. On your question on pipeline, listen, I could spend a whole hour on this just going through the pipeline, but I guess I would bucket them into like three categories, Vijay. I would say you got your current contributors and Libre and Alinity, they still operate like pipeline projects and products. We still got multiple innovations going through them. MitraClip, great familiarity, AVEIR, Navitor, TriClip, Amulet, PROTALITY or our concussion tests, I think got great opportunity and CardioMEMS, I mean, these are all products that I would still characterize them as early innings. Yes, they're established, but they're still early innings and they got a lot of growth rate there. The second group of products I would call, probably near-term future contributors, so think about it in the next 12 to 18 months, these products coming to market and starting to kind of generate revenue there. Our lingo product, I'm very excited about that and bringing that to the U.S. and expanding that globally. Our dual analyte sensor, our Volt system Esprit, which is our drug eluding bioabsorbable stent for below the knee. It will be the first of its kind. We are developing a whole new Alinity system that will target a segment of the market that we currently don't participate in. And there'll be more to come on that. And then just the great opportunity we have with biosimilars into the emerging markets and doing it in a very capital efficient way. And bringing that and leveraging our position there. That's our next 12 to 18 month kind of catalyst there. Then thinking about beyond 2026, I mean, we are working on a PFA, RF catheter. You got leadless, another kind of leadless pacing system that would be launching. We have a second generation Amulet, excited about entry into the IVL market sometime in 2027, coronary DCB, we're working on kind of new TAVR systems also that allow us to branch out into other segments. We've got a whole plethora of new analytes in our bio wearables market that will start to come out and have different applications in 2026. And then on top of that, all the clinical work that we're doing to expand indications, expand market, whether it's in TAVR, whether it's in LAA, whether it's in mitral. So we've got, I'd say a real nice cadence here of products and pipeline beyond, I'd say, the next 12, 18 months. We're looking at this '26, '27, '28 and I feel really excited about that. There's obviously more that we need to do and add, but I think the base here looks really good in terms of the pipeline. And then I think your question on FX, Phil, you want to take that?
Phil Boudreau: Yes. I mentioned at the onset here, Vijay, in Q1, we saw about a 2.9% headwind on sales growth and we kind of the current rates anticipate something similar here in Q2. From a full year perspective at the current rates, it's about a 2.5% headwind on the top-line. That said, kind of the earnings guide that we have here is in line with the organic sales performance and drop through to earnings on the increased midpoint on EPS guidance.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joanne Wuensch from Citi.
Joanne Wuensch: Good morning. May I add my compliments and congratulations to the quarter? I have two questions put them right up front. The first one is on concussion testing. I'd love to understand the go-to-market strategy for that, how you think about the financial benefit impact and all that kind of good stuff? But I think my second question is a little bit more big picture. As you step back in a post-pandemic environment a couple of years into the CEO seat, how do you think about taking Abbott sort of to the next level? I mean, we all sit here and take a look at an incredibly strong balance sheet. How do you put that cash to work? Are these segments, divisions, ones you want to keep? Or how do you think about adding to it?
Robert Ford: Sure. On the point of care concussion test, I guess I'd summarize the opportunity here in twofold. I think there's a market conversion component to this, Joanne. I mentioned there are 5 million ER visits to diagnose a concussion. The number one method there to use that is on a CT scan. I think there's an opportunity here to transform that and allow one to get a faster response in that emergency kind of emergency room visit, which is where the -- and the point of care team already have a good position with some of our other blood gas and other assays that we provide to that segment. I think this will slide right into that team. The value proposition here is going to be, okay, what's the cost of the system and can we bend that cost curve. I think we've shown a little bit how we think about things Joanne, if you look at Libre, if you look at Binax, if you look at how we think about pricing our products, when it comes to market conversion and the opportunities that we have there? We'll be able to do it at a nice return for our shareholders. I think that's an important part. The market expansion opportunity that we have, I think is going to still require some work on the product. Right now the product is approved whole blood, but it's a venous draw. We're going to be working on a capillary draw and if you can then run this assay, taking a sample from a finger prick, then you can look at bringing that technology even closer to where the need for a rapid concussion test would be. You could just look at how many universities exist in this country, how many high schools exist in this country? You can do some multiplications there and say, this is a great market creation, market expansion opportunity. I think that that's how we're thinking about it commercially, conversion and creation slash expansion. There's some more work to be done in terms of the product and the claims and the trials there. This will be a multi-year kind of program over here where we'll start to see kind of nice growth in that segment. And then your other question was about the portfolio and balance sheet. And do we like the four segments? The answer to that is yes, we like all the four segments. We feel that it gives us a real unique view into the healthcare system as a whole starting with nutrition that's obviously the bedrock of good health. But then, things happen and you need to get a diagnosis. And we've got a great diagnostic portfolio that we've been expanding on and building on to make sure that we can capitalize on all the different types of modalities and locations where people can get tested. And then, once a physician knows what the problem is, then they got to run through treatment, right? And we do that either through a medicines business or through a medical device business. I think all four segments are super well aligned to the global demographics and trends in healthcare. And so we like that there's always opportunities to add, and we've shown that if there are areas that we feel that we can bring value in a combination then as you mentioned we've got a strong balance sheet and strategic flexibility to do that. As long as we feel that we can add value to that asset. We felt like that about CSI, we felt like that about St. Jude. We felt like that about Alere. And those deals, they obviously help kind of reshape the company and accelerate our growth rates. But I think that's predicated on us really believing that we can kind of bring value and we're not trying to fill some top line gap or some issues. ROIC for us matters, profitability matters. We've got opportunities and we could be a little bit more selective to be able to add, but I like the four segments that we're in. And they've been well to shareholders, especially the long-term shareholders.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Miksic from Barclays.
Matt Miksic : Congrats on the really strong quarter, particularly med devices. I had one follow-up on the -- sorry, here, background. One question on structural heart. Robert, you talked a little bit about the portfolio and the combination of the leading peer device and MitraClip of being a little bit more mature in the category of structural heart, but being kind of augmented by some of these new products like most recently, obviously TriClip. And if you could talk a little bit about sort of the momentum in the portfolio as well as how much of the build out of this portfolio is still coming organically or under review kind of strategically, I appreciate it.
Robert Ford : Sure. I mean I didn't want my comments on mitral to be construed like that 1 there is slowing down, and we're relying on others to drive the growth. I mean, that wasn't the intent. If you look at MitraClip this quarter, it's high single digits. And if you look at the last 5 quarters, that's what it's been doing between high single-digits, low double-digits. And that's good. But we always had a view here that this is an attractive area of growth, an attractive area of medical need. And we wanted to be a leader here. So yes, MitraClip, I guess we can call MitraClip, the founding father of our structural heart portfolio. But I think the team here has done an incredible job at bringing organic innovation into the portfolio. So if you look at our structural heart, I mean, we grew 13% today. MitraClip grew high single digits. But it accounted for 3% of that growth. The rest -- the other 10% came from all the rest of the portfolio that's being built. So I think that you'll continue to see that. We'll continue to make investments in this business, continue to make investments in the pipeline. I'd say right now, most of it is organic, whether it's innovating on LAA, innovating on our TAVR side and all the clinical trial that we're doing there. If there's an opportunity inorganically, I just put that in the same bucket that I think I answered kind of Joanne's question here if it makes sense. And we can add it. We've got the flexibility to do it. But the whole strategy here was to say, listen, we're going to build a multibillion-dollar structural heart business that can sustainably grow double digits. And the way to do that is you can't be a division of only 1 product. And I think the teams over the last 4 or 5 years, have done a really good job at building that and there's more opportunity. I'd say probably the one that we're looking at and is very exciting for us is mitral replacement. We've launched our Pendine product, which was more a transapical system. Our Cephea system is the transfemoral transseptal and feedback that we've seen from early implanters, early first in man is that this is a great, great valve. So there's an opportunity there also. So I'd say most organic, but we got the capacity for inorganic if it makes sense.
Mike Comilla: Operator, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: And our final question will come from Danielle Antalffy from UBS.
Danielle Joy Antalffy : And yes, congrats on a strong start to the year. Robert, we spent a lot of time talking about the durability of growth in the med tech business. So I don't want to get too greedy, but just following up on Joanne's question regarding you guys do have a strong balance sheet. Are there any areas -- I guess sort of how do you feel about the state of the med tech business today? And do you feel there are growth areas within med tech that maybe Abbott isn't participating in today that Abbott could or should participate in today? And where are you looking beyond your current markets, if at all? I'll just leave it to one.
Robert Ford : Sure. I get the attempt for triangulation here in the multiple different ways, and I guess I'll sign a little bit boring here in terms of how I talk about this. I've been public that, yes, we are interested. We look at areas that we can add value to. I'd say, probably the ones that have jumped out more at us in terms of a study and looking at are probably more in the medical device side and on the diagnostic side. We did look at a strategy for biosimilars for our medicines business and that was a pretty capital efficient way to do it. Yes, we're looking. We continue to study, but I'm not going to sit here and telegraph exactly it's this, it's that. I think the key thing here is just, I mean, look at our medtech business did this quarter, look what it did previous four quarters and that allows me to be a little bit more selective. Over the last couple of months we've seen some fairly large transactions in the medtech space. Those seem to be attractive growth areas. I talked about us getting access to some early IVL technology with the CSI acquisition. That's an important area for us to focus on. But I don't feel that, with our strong organic growth that we need to go out and not pay attention to like other key financial metrics that for us are important in terms of ROICs and those, because we've got that strong growth rate in medtech. You won't get me telegraphing here exactly, Danielle, what specific segments we are looking at. What I can tell you is, we have an active team. They study a lot. We look a lot. We follow a lot. If there's a moment that makes sense for us and those segments continue to be interesting, we've got the balance sheet and the track record to show that, we can drive value out of these acquisitions. I'll just leave it like that. Yes, we've got flexibility, that doesn't mean that we don't pay attention to other key financial returns as we're looking at it. I feel that I can do that because we've got such a strong top-line growth and great pipeline and prospects. With that, I'll leave it like that. I'll just close by saying that, we're very pleased with a very strong start to the year. We delivered another quarter of double-digits organic sales growth on the base business. The investments that we've made during all those years of COVID are generating real strong returns. The pipeline continues to be highly productive, as I've outlined. We've got clear visibility to a pipeline all the way out to '27, '28. Obtained several new product approvals that are going to help us accelerate our growth in certain areas. Typically don't raise guidance in the first quarter, but given the strong performance and the outlook and the remainder of the year, we felt comfortable doing that and we're very well positioned to continue to sustainably deliver top tier results. With that, I'll wrap up and thank all of you for joining us today.
Mike Comilla: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 am Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbotinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-23 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.  
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Mike Comilla, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Michael Comilla: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance; and Phil Boudreau, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.  
 Robert and Phil will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2024.  
 Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022.  
 Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com.  
 Note that Abbott has not provided the GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis because the company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in the press release issued earlier today.  
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'll discuss our 2023 results as well as our outlook for this year. But before I do that, I think it's important that we take a moment to look back at the challenging environment that we all faced over the last few years and how our actions during that time have positioned the company to be in an even stronger position today than before the start of the pandemic.  
 In the 2 years preceding the start of the pandemic, Abbott delivered organic sales growth of more than 7%, which was considered top tier given the large size of our company. We expected growth in 2020 to be in the similar range, but then COVID-19 arrived and disrupted that trajectory. And while our procedures-driven businesses such as Medical Devices and Routine Diagnostic Testing experienced a slowdown due to the healthcare systems around the world shifting their focus, our Branded Generics Pharmaceutical business was able to stay the course and our Nutrition business accelerated as people around the world place a greater emphasis on protecting their health.  
 While some companies saw their entire portfolio suffer during the pandemic, Abbott's diversified business once again proved to be resilient. It was also during this time that we created a multibillion-dollar COVID testing business in just a matter of months that helped play a role in reducing the spread of the virus around the world. COVID testing grew to become a significant part of our portfolio, representing nearly 20% of our sales in 2021 and 2022. And given the important role that these tests had on society and on our financial performance, COVID testing temporarily altered our identity and became a main point of focus to the general public, our investors and other stakeholders. 
 But we knew that the pandemic would not last for ever, so we planned ahead. We pulled forward or accelerated investments in several areas across the company when the demand for COVID testing was at peak levels, knowing that we would scale these investments back down when the eventual decline in demand for COVID testing occurred. And the experiences we gained in creating the COVID testing business and then managing the rapid scale-up and subsequent scale down of that business will have a lasting positive impact on our company.  
 Our R&D pipeline was one of the areas we targeted for the accelerated investments, and we're seeing those investments pay off. In the last 2 years, we have announced more than 25 new growth opportunities, which include a mix of new products, new indications and geographic and reimbursement expansions. And this level of pipeline activity is occurring across the entire company. In EPD, for example, we announced an agreement to commercialize several biosimilars in emerging markets.  
 In Nutrition, we continue to invest in science-based solutions to address emerging medical needs with particular emphasis on the fast-growing Adult Nutrition segment. In Diagnostics, we announced approvals for new tests, new instruments and a new laboratory automation solution. And in Medical Devices, we announced 10 new product approvals along with several new opportunities to further improve the growth outlook of the existing portfolio. These new opportunities are well balanced with each of our 7 Medical Device businesses accomplishing at least one significant pipeline-related achievement.  
 Looking back at our performance in 2023, it is clear that these new opportunities contributed to an acceleration in our growth, both our sales and earnings growth exceeded the expectations we communicated at the beginning of last year. Sales, excluded COVID testing grew double digits every quarter last year and finished the year up more than 11% higher than our original guidance of high-single-digit growth.  
 Adjusted earnings per share finished the year at $4.44, which was above the midpoint of our original guidance range despite COVID testing sales coming in much lower than originally forecasted. And this is a testament to the strength of the Abbott portfolio and a strong indication of the top-tier sustainable performance we are positioned to continue to deliver as we move past the pandemic.  
 Turning to our outlook for 2024. As we announced this morning, we forecast sales growth excluded COVID testing to be in the range of 8% to 10%, which equates to generating organic sales growth of more than $3 billion. We forecasted adjusted earnings per share of $4.50 to $4.70, which contemplates double-digit earnings growth on the base business.  
 I'll now provide additional details on our 2023 results by business area before turning the call over to Phil. And I'll start with Nutrition, where sales increased 14% in the quarter. In Pediatric Nutrition, double-digit growth in the U.S. was driven by continued market share capture in the U.S. and from formula business, where we are once again the market leader.  
 International growth of 18% was driven by growth coming from both infant formula products and our PediaSure toddler brand. In Adult Nutrition, sales for the full year surpassed $4 billion and grew 13.5% in the quarter, driven by strong demand for Abbott's market-leading Ensure and Glucerna brands.  
 Turning to Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, where sales increased nearly 9% in the quarter and 11% for the full year. This is the third consecutive year that EPD sales have grown double digits. Our unique business model of offering broad product portfolios across a targeted set of therapeutic areas that are tailored to the local needs of each emerging market we operate in continues to deliver outstanding results.  
 Moving to Diagnostics. Growth in Rapid Diagnostics was impacted by seasonality related to the respiratory virus testing. The flu season arrived later this year than last year, which caused sales of flu and other respiratory tests to be lower in the fourth quarter compared to that of the prior year. But in Core Lab Diagnostics growth of nearly 10% continues to be driven by the success of our Alinity suite of systems paired with our broad test menu offering.  
 Alinity continues to drive high contract renewal rates and competitive win rates. We recently announced that we received FDA approval for our new lab automation system that offers cutting-edge technology to help laboratories increase performance and improve the overall quality of their operations. The system has been available in international markets, and we look forward to offering this to customers in the U.S.  
 I'll wrap up with Medical Devices where sales grew more than 15% in the quarter, led by double-digit growth in 6 of our 7 Medical Device businesses. In Diabetes Care, fourth quarter sales of FreeStyle Libre, our market-leading continuous glucose monitoring system grew 24% and ended the year with global sales surpassing $5.3 billion. In terms of sales dollars, Libre has become the most successful medical device in history, and it has outpaced market growth in 13 out of the last 16 quarters.  
 In Electrophysiology, sales growth of 21% was driven by double-digit growth across all major geographic regions, including more than 20% growth in Europe. In Rhythm Management, growth was led by double-digit growth in pacemaker sales led by Aveir, our recently launched leadless pacemaker that can be used for both single-chamber and dual-chamber. In Structural Heart, double-digit growth in the quarter and full year was led by MitraClip, as well as several recently launched new products, including Amulet, TriClip and Navitor. For the full year, MitraClip sales grew high teens internationally and 10% on a global basis.  
 In Heart Failure, sales grew more than 15% in the quarter and 12% for the full year driven by continued adoption of both chronic and acute circulatory support devices. And lastly, in Neuromodulation, sales grew nearly 19% driven by the recent launch of Eterna, our first rechargeable neurostimulation device for pain management.  
 So in summary, we exited the pandemic in an even stronger position. 2023 was a very successful year. We outperformed our initial expectations on both the top and bottom lines. The pipeline is generating a lot of new opportunities for growth and we're forecasting this positive momentum to continue and contribute to the strong growth we're forecasting for 2024.  
 I'll now turn over the call to Phil. Phil? 
Philip Boudreau: Thanks, Robert. As Mike mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis. Turning to our fourth quarter results, sales increased 2.1% on an organic basis, which, as expected, reflects the impact of the year-over-year decline in COVID testing-related sales. Excluding COVID testing sales, underlying base business organic sales growth was 11% in the quarter.  
 Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 0.8% on fourth quarter sales. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.9% of sales. Adjusted R&D was 6.1% of sales, and adjusted SG&A was 26.3% of sales in the quarter. Lastly, our fourth quarter adjusted tax rate was 14%.  
 Turning to our outlook for 2024. Today, we issued guidance for full year adjusted earnings per share of $4.50 to $4.70, which includes an adjusted earnings per share forecast of $0.93 to $0.97 for the first quarter of 2024. For the year, we forecast total underlying base business organic sales growth, which excludes COVID testing sales to be in the range of 8% to 10%.  
 Based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of a little more than 1% on our reported full year sales, which includes an unfavorable impact of approximately 2% on our first quarter reported sales. We forecast nonoperating income of approximately $130 million and an adjusted tax rate of 15%.  
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Congrats on a nice end to the year here. So Robert, pre-COVID, Abbott was growing 7% to 8% organically as you mentioned, you're guiding to 8% to 10% today for 2024 off of a higher revenue base. What has changed? And what is giving you the confidence to guide that high to start the year? Maybe talk about the key assumptions, and I'll leave it there for my one question. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Larry. I mean, as I said in my prepared remarks and quite frankly, as we talked about throughout most of 2023, the impact of the strategy we took to take some of the COVID revenue and reinvest in the base business. I think ultimately, that's really the factor here. I mean, we operate in these 4 business segments and their underlying attractiveness still is very sustainable.  
 So strengthening our positions that were already pretty strong in each of these 4 segments was absolutely the right strategy here because we believe that these are important areas of healthcare to be in. So I'd make the case here that all 4 of our major businesses are actually in a better and stronger shape than when we were pre-pandemic, which was about $10 billion less and growing at that 7% to 8% range.  
 If you look at EPD, as I said in my comments, I mean, these are 3 consecutive years of double-digit organic sales growth. This is probably one of our best commercial teams. They operate in a very challenging geographies in different markets and they've done an exceptional job at growing the top line and expanding the bottom line. I think even with all the FX and all the challenges that we've seen in those markets, they have expanded their op margin profile by 300 basis points. So a pretty strong position, strong team. And then we layered in that now a new growth vertical by adding biosimilars, which historically hasn't been a platform that's been readily available in emerging markets. It's probably been more of a developed markets play.  
 So I think that's going to provide a new growth vertical for us there. Nutrition I think did an incredible job here. As we said at the beginning of last year at regaining our leadership position here in the U.S. I think it speaks a lot about the trust that our users and customers have for our product. But even Adult -- our Adult Business, our Adult Business has increased $1 billion since pre-pandemic, and it's just strengthening and getting stronger. I mean it's $4 billion, growing high-single digits. There's a lot of med tech businesses, Larry, that command very strong premiums in terms of the valuation just by having those kind of growth rates and sizes. So -- and we're making investments in that channel also.
 So diagnostics has got a great track record here. Our Core Lab business has done very well. I've talked about our algorithm and formula here and framework for growth. We've gotten some recent very large account wins globally here. I think that's the result of our portfolio. And quite frankly, the trust that these customers have in Abbott and our ability to execute.  
 And our Rapids portfolio has done very well in terms of placing a lot of new instruments out there, for decentralized testing, and we've been making investments on new assays to be able to go through those instruments. And then Medical Devices historically was in that high single-digit growth. I think what's changed there to become now a double-digit grower for us on a very large-size business is that you have historically double-digit growth businesses like Heart Failure, EP, Structural Heart, EDC, I mean, those are continuing. I think what's changed here is that we've taken a strategic look at about 40% of the revenue in Medical Devices, our CRM and Vascular businesses, that we're showing very little growth historically and made investments in them to accelerate their growth rates. I think you saw that in Q4 with CRM. I'd say it's predominantly been an organic play with our leadless platform and technology.  
 On Vascular, it's been a combination of adding inorganically to the business and organic plays to reposition some of the portfolio to higher growth segments. So I think that's really in a nutshell across all these very 4 attractive segments. We've spent the last couple of years strengthening it. And I think you're starting -- you saw that last year, every year, double-digit growth and they've gotten stronger and they've gotten better and they've gotten more growth opportunities with them.  
 So I think that's really the driver there. I mean if you -- I've gotten some of the headlines here about accelerating sales, but not seeing maybe that come through in the -- on the earnings. Again, this is another one where you look at the impact that COVID had on us and the clouding of it. Our Core business grew EPS last year, 40-plus percent. We're forecasting double-digit earnings per share growth this -- at the midpoint, double digit this year. We've got a range around it. I mean there's a lot of volatility in the world, Larry. So I'd say, yes, I don't have to list all those out in terms of macro and geopolitics. But we've proven to be pretty resilient there. And I think the range captures the opportunity that we have on the earnings side. I'd say there's probably more upside than downside in that range, but it's only January. So I think this is a good starting point. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Joshua Jennings from Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: Congratulations on the strong finish to the year. I was hoping to just follow up on your comments there, Robert, on just the earnings power and just the margin expansion trajectory. I know Abbott is a unique story relative to peers because you didn't have the margin headwinds during the pandemic due to the COVID Testing business that you developed internally. But was hoping to just -- thinking about the pre-pandemic margin expansion trajectory of the business in that 30 to 50 basis point range. And I just hope if you could just give us a little bit more color on some of the drivers of market expansion and how your team sees that trajectory going forward in '24 and into the outyears? 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean, listen, we hear a lot of companies talk about working here to recover to their operating margin and try to get back to their op margin pre-pandemic. We're in a pretty unique position, I'd say, versus our peers here. Our op margin profile is already at -- is already at the pretty pandemic level. And I think what you saw us do there, Josh, and I talked a little bit about it in my comments, is I think we managed very well strategically the spending piece of it. We accelerated the spending investments when we were at our -- COVID sales were at their peak levels a few years ago. And then we held that spending flat these last couple of years, even though our top line was growing pretty significantly here.  
 So I'd say our biggest opportunity for margin expansion really is on the gross margin line. And that is, if you think about our big 5 activities this year at the company, and we could do all 5 in the same time. But I'd say gross margin is pretty high up there in our priority. We're forecasting a pretty nice step-up in our gross margin profile this year, roughly around 75 basis points. And there's a combination of factors that are helping to drive that margin expansion, that profile expansion. We've got a pretty strong track record here of executing on internal margin improvement program. So every business has got their programs. We manage those on a monthly basis. They all get reported out. So there's a high degree of visibility and inspection to those programs.  
 Some of the headwinds that we faced, I'd say, over the last couple of years are starting to turn a little bit into tailwinds. So whether it's commodity costs, freight and distribution, all those elements seem to be, let's say, right now and given our visibility for the year as we stand here today, turning into tailwinds, so that helps.  
 And then the other part here is just, I'd say, portfolio mix. So as some of the Device businesses continue to outpace and continue to grow those are higher-margin businesses and they provide that mix element in that gross margin expansion. So I think this provides a nice opportunity for us this year. But I expect over time, we'll get back to our pre-pandemic gross margin profile. It's -- for me, it's not a question of if -- it's just a question of when we could target 50, 75, I mean it's never going to be as linear as we always would want, but that kind of expansion for us, I think, really provides a good opportunity to drive earnings growth over the next couple of years.  
 So I'd say that's our biggest opportunity. I think we did a really good job at leveraging spending. And I think you see that in our profiles. So our big opportunity here is gross margin, and we're all over it. 
Operator: Next question will come from Marie Thibault from BTIG. 
Marie Thibault: I wanted to ask a little bit more about your Electrophysiology business. That segment has been very strong, and I've been impressed that you've been able to put up that European growth rate in the face of some competitive PSA launches. So I would love to hear what's going on behind the scenes there, how you're getting those growth rates and how you're thinking about the U.S. EP business as we see some PSA launches this year? 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I think we've showed pretty strong robust growth in our EP business throughout all the year, even in the face of actual end market competition, it's been strong across the board. I don't think it's just been a Europe story. U.S. has been strong. China has been very strong for us this year, especially in VBP. I mean there were some price challenges throughout the year with VBP, but the volume we picked up, the market share we picked up more than offset that. So it's really been across the board here. And I think it really is about the strength of the portfolio. So not only having a strong mapping system with our EnSite X, I think is at the core, good mapping disposables and diagnostic disposals also. And I think launching TactiFlex, which is the flexible tip combined with the contact force. We've seen great results, great outcomes, whether it's outcomes to the patient or time of procedure. We've seen that consistently around the world.  
 And then on top of that, I think we've got a great team, really a great team that is very close to our customers. And yes, we were able to see the adoption of new technologies. We've talked about some of the shortcomings that exist in those. So I think it's really the combination of our portfolio and our team that really has kind of sustained the growth as we look to more PFA systems that will be in the market this year in the U.S.  
 Listen, as I've said, I think it's a great technology. I think there are some challenges with some of these first-generation products. I do expect there to be uptake and usage of it. I think what's been interesting in observing the uptake in Europe is that it is first, at least from what we've seen, it is first seen to have broader adoption in the Cryo segment. And then from there, then kind of moving past that, so right now, I think -- I guess, that's my assumption in the U.S. until I see something differently that it will follow a similar pattern. And then the question will just be kind of the speed. But I think the team has done a really good job here on the ground with the technology. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Robert, maybe I could ask on Libre. This is the most successful medical device. At the conference just a few weeks ago in San Fran, you were talking about really robust growth rates moving forward and targets. Maybe you could help us understand where the growth is going to come from in '24 and beyond and one question I get a lot from investors is we see the IQVIA script data. It's the best we have. It seems like Libre sales or at least prescriptions are flattening out, yet the sales keep growing. How do we think about the discrepancy there? And how big is the Medicare DME business? And the growth we're getting there from basal. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Strong growth in Q4 under $1.5 billion. U.S. was up 32%. And I'd say still haven't -- team hasn't even had to unleash L3 in the U.S. market in 2023, I think you'll see that now really hit in 2024. But being able to put those kind of growth rates in the U.S. without even having to launch L3 with a competitive new system. I think that speaks a lot about our position, our scale and our brand. 
 The growth is going to come from -- I've been pretty consistent about this, Robbie, and then we've a lot of opportunities here for growth. I'm not going to list them all out here. But I'd say, okay, the basal is a big opportunity. It's a large opportunity for us. And I also think it's multiyear. So I don't think it's just a '24, '25. I think the penetration into the basal segment is definitely 2-plus years easily. 
 And Libre dominates in the pharmacy channel here. I mean you referenced IQVIA, Robbie. 7 out of 10 new scripts for this patient segment is Libre. And I think that's a testament to the strength and the value proposition that the product has, so it's becoming an increasingly strong growth contributor in the U.S. In Japan and in France, where that reimbursement is exclusive to Libre, that's also having a nice contribution on growth. 
 I think right now in the U.S., most of the population is now covered, whether it's in Medicare or whether it's in private -- private commercial Medicare represents about 1/3 of the market. So I think there's great opportunity here. We just got to build the awareness, build the traveling experience with primary care. And that's what we're doing. That's what we have been doing, quite frankly, for some time. 
 So it's a nice opportunity, and it's a great growth opportunity for us, and like I said, easily 2-plus years. I think the other part of the opportunity we have, Robbie, is looking at a segment that really hasn't been -- we haven't been able to access which is that of pump connectivity. I think this represents a great opportunity for us. If you look at basal as being a market expansion opportunity, I think the pump connectivity becomes a market conversion opportunity for us. You got 150,000 to 200,000 I guess, new pumpers every year, and that patient segment has -- we haven't been able to target it, but now that we've got the regulatory clearings and list and connecting to all the different pump manufacturers. I think this is a great opportunity for us. And I think it's good for patients. I think it's going to be good to have a different option especially for this patient population, where insulin delivery and the whole connected system is important, right? 
 Recently, there was an independent third party study. I think this is the first time we've seen an independent head to head study that was published a few weeks ago, showing that Libre 3 is superior to the recently launched product from our competitor across a variety of different metrics, whether it's bias, whether it's MARD. So I look at that and I say, okay, through a pump company, and you're wanting to provide the best solution to users, that's an important aspect, especially for this segment. 
 So I look at the basal, I look at the pump, it's probably good drivers for us in '24, '25, but we've got multiple growth verticals here on this platform like I've said. 
 To your question on IQVIA, I think anybody who kind of follows Pharma and is more attuned to pharma knows that IQVIA doesn't pick up the entire market. So the pharmacy channel in the U.S. gets picked up by IQVIA, but there are other segments in the market that drive adoption that don't get picked up by IQVIA. So maybe that's what you're seeing. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Danielle Antalffy from UBS. 
Danielle Antalffy: Congrats on strong end to the year and strong guidance. Just, Robert, since the story seems to be very much about top line growth. I haven't heard you reference the Fab 5, one of my favorite analogies in a long time. So just wanted to -- and maybe I just missed it, but I just wanted to get an update on those 5 products or where you think you guys are in launch trajectories, revenue contribution for each of those products. Do you still think there is a Fab 5? And where -- how they sort of factor into the growth, the 8% to 10% organic growth for 2024? 
Robert Ford: Yes. Thanks. I don't know if I regret using that terminology or not now, Danielle, but I guess I would say, yes, they are great products, and we didn't think about calling them that because they were going to be a flash in the pan for 1 or 2 years. We look at these as really long-term great growth opportunities that we have that will significantly add to the company over the next few years. And quite frankly, they have added a good amount of growth for us this year, and they'll accelerate. 
 So I think this year -- sorry, in 2023, those 5 products represented about 0.5 point of growth. I expect that to increase in 2024 to about 1 point of growth, total Abbott contribution. So they're definitely stepping up and I'd say some of them, I would call market creating opportunities, tricuspid I would put over there, CardioMEMS over there, generating the clinical data, generating the data for reimbursement, generating referral pathways. We know how to do this, and we all want things to go pretty fast, especially with med tech products, right? But with products like this that have such significant growth opportunities, there's a certain amount of work that you need to do regarding clinical work as it relates to market expansion, development -- and market development. 
 I'd say some of the other products on that list, I'd say, are probably more market conversion, and these are already attractive -- large attractive growth segments that we're targeting with our technologies, Navitor in the TAVR space, Aveir in the CRM side. I mean these are large segments that were coming in, and will have different value propositions. I think Aveir has got a tremendous opportunity. It's a $3 billion global pacing market and the value proposition for Aveir I think is second to none in terms of its proposition to the implanter, to the patient. So -- we -- I expect a lot from Aveir in terms of growth. I expect a lot from Navitor. And we're going to be expanding. So we'll have 2 new line extensions to Navitor this year, Navitor Vision and Navitor Titan. And so we're investing in those areas. And yes, they're still great products. They'll still have the Fab 5 on it. And they continue to increase. They'll grow 50%, at least we're forecasting a 50% growth next year and they will contribute about 1 point of growth to the overall company.
 So that being said, I will say those are great products. They take a lot of focus, but we still have a lot in the chamber here, too, whether it's Lingo, whether it's our TBI test. We're going to be launching a nutritional drink for GLP-1 users this year. Also, we're doing a lot of work on [indiscernible], which is our PFA solution. We put out some announcements already at the beginning of the year regarding our clinical trials. 
 I talked about biosimilars in EPD, our dual analyzer sensor for Libre, we're developing a new Alinity system to target a segment of the Diagnostic market that we're currently not competing. So yes, Fab 5, a lot of great contributions, but there's a lot in the chamber here, and I think that's really what's going to sustain our growth beyond 2024 and 2025 is just having a robust pipeline. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. 
JoanneWuensch: Nice start to the year or nice end to last year, too. So here is a question I have in Nutrition, you've done a great job of sounds like returning to normalcy. I'm wondering if there are pockets that still need to sort of get back on track or whether we should think of this returning to sort of a mid-single-digit segment growth category. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I think kudos to the team here, we set out a target at the beginning of last year -- this time last year to get to market leadership in our October call, we had already confirmed that and let's say, over the last couple of months, that continues to expand in terms of our position versus the #2. Yes, I mean I think you'll now have the full year effect, Joanne, of having all of that share. And I'd say, given the strength of the portfolio of team and what we went through and the actions that we've taken, I'd actually expect us to actually surpass our pre-recall share. I don't know exactly when, but that will be my expectation on that. 
 You'll have a little bit of a partial year impact there of some pricing that we took across the entire Nutrition portfolio. So I'd say we're probably above that 4% to 6% range that we used to have prepandemic, at least into 2024. As I've said, I think that we can be at the higher end of that range once everything kind of settles down. And I think a big growth driver for us going forward is really going to be the Adult segment, which is growing high-single digits and of which we've got very high market share positions across the globe. And this position with the brand we have, the science that we have, really aligns to, I'd say, a pretty sustainable demographic trend that we're seeing, which is just an aging population that is focusing on Healthcare and on Nutrition. 
 So I'd say that's probably an opportunity for us to maybe break out of that higher end 6% range going forward. But I think right now, you'll see the impact of the share in the U.S., some partial year impact of the price allow us to be above that 6% range. And then as we move into next year, what's going to be the impact of some of the launches that we have planned for the Adult segment and what is that going to do for us? 
Operator: And our next question will come from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Robert, congratulations on a nice Q4 and a solid guide. I guess my one question is on M&A. Looking at the balance sheet phenomenal position, you at least have a minimum of $20 billion of firepower, Abbott hasn't done any large deals in the last few years. So my question is, how do you see the opportunity for larger-sized deals, what is Abbott's appetite for a larger-sized, more meaningful transaction? 
Robert Ford: Well, yes, we've got a strong balance sheet and provides us a lot of flexibility on our capital allocation plan. On the M&A side, Vijay, listen, I think it starts off with -- we've got great pipeline. We have great organic opportunities here to be able to kind of drive top-tier sustainable growth. So that ends up putting -- allowing us to be in a selective position here where we're not trying to use M&A as a way to kind of bulk up our top line or to cover any kind of top line gaps that might be there. So that allows us to be sustainable -- allows us to be more selective. And if there are opportunities that fit strategically and can generate an attractive return, then like you said, you've done the math, we've got the flexibility and the firepower to do that. But I'm not looking to acquire businesses simply to make the top line look good. 
 Profitability matters. Earnings matter. And when you get into these larger size deals, you have to have very strong conviction and understanding of that to be able to generate those returns and not just look at it as a top line play. I think they're harder nowadays. You look at what we did with St. Jude, and we have looked back at the deal model that we put together spot on in terms of all aspects there of how we thought this business would impact the company. So I'm not discarding anything like that. I'm just providing you the framework that says they're harder to make work if you want to look beyond just top line and you want to look at ROICs and all the right financial metrics here in terms of how you deploy capital. And -- but I don't feel that we need to do anything like that to cover a top line kind of gap. 
 If we ever did something like that, it was because it would be strategic and looking at the company kind of long term and not trying to feel a top line gap. 
Michael Comilla: Operator, we'll take 1 more question, please. 
Operator: And our last question will come from Travis Steed from BofA Securities. 
Travis Steed: So some of the insurance companies are getting surprised by higher procedure utilization. Some of the tech companies are kind of calling out above-normal growth. So curious, Robert, if you look at your net device markets, are there areas where you think you're seeing some kind of above elevated catch-up still coming through? Or do you think this is kind of more normalized growth rates that you're seeing in 2024? Just kind of curious on some of your thoughts on the overall market. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I don't think that we're seeing kind of any kind of catch-up or pent-up or anything like that. I think what you're seeing here is more -- at least I can speak for our portfolio. I just think you're seeing more adoption of the technologies, right? So I think there was some disruption. We've talked about it in some parts of some procedures that require a little bit more preop planning or imaging before and imaging after. I mean I think those -- that combined with the labor shortages that occurred 2022. I think that, that probably slowed a few of them down, but I don't think that there was a bolus returning as a result of that. 
 I just think we got back into a normal cadence here of being able to see procedures increasing. We saw that in structural heart procedures, saw that in CRM and EP procedures, not just here in the U.S. but around the world too. So seeing that also in routine diagnostic testing, Travis, a lot of our -- a good portion of the diagnostic business, our Core Lab business is actually in the hospital. So we also get to see that, too. And I didn't see a bolus of testing coming back. So we try and triangulate this. I just see this as procedures are returning back to normal. And because the -- because these technologies that are being developed and launched into the market are so -- it got such great opportunity to improve care, improve life of patients. I just think you're seeing the return to the adoption and the adoption curve. Some are faster than others, just given, I think, the market and market positions, et cetera. But I wouldn't account for it to be some sort of pent-up piece over here. 
 Okay. Well, I'll wrap up here. And like I said in the beginning, very successful year 2023, in many ways, it sort of represented this transition year regarding the coming down of COVID. I think we did a really good job at managing the scale up and the scale down, a lot of healthcare companies actually participated and -- in trying to solve the COVID problem and I think we did a good job here at being able to scale up and scale down. 
 Our performance here is now transitioned from being driven by COVID testing to once again being driven by a broad-based strength across the entire company. We delivered double-digit organic sales growth on every base business every quarter. And we're clearly entering 2024 with a lot of momentum. The pipeline we talked a little bit about it, continues to be highly productive. And I'm forecasting here top-tier growth in 2024. And as you look at our range on the EPS guide, like I said, there's probably more upside to that than downside. But we're in January. So we're off to a good start and looking forward to executing this year. 
Michael Comilla: Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-17 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. 
 With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. 
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Mike Comilla, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Michael Comilla: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bob Funck, Executive Vice President Finance, and Phil Boudreau, Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Phil will provide opening remarks. Following their comments we'll take your questions. 
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2023. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. 
 Note that Abbott has not provided the GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis because the company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in the quarterly results press release issued earlier today. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.14. Based on our performance through the first 9 months of the year, we raised the midpoint of our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance and narrowed the range to $4.42 to $4.46. Organic sales growth on the base business, which excludes COVID testing, increased double digits for the third consecutive quarter and was led by double-digit growth in all 4 of our major businesses. 
 This acceleration in sales growth is a result of our strong position in attractive growth markets. In conjunction with the additional investments we made across the company during the pandemic. In addition to the strong top line performance, we continue to deliver accelerating earnings power on our base business, and remain on track to deliver on the financial commitments we set at the beginning of the year. With a positive growth outlook for the businesses and the momentum we're building across the portfolio, we are well positioned for a strong finish to the year and heading into 2024. 
 I will now review our performance in more detail before turning the call over to Phil. I'll start with Nutrition, where sales increased 18% in the quarter. In Pediatric Nutrition, growth of 25% was led by continued market share capture in the U.S. infant formula business, where we have now reclaimed the leadership position. Internationally, we continue to deliver well-balanced growth coming from both infant formula products and our PediaSure taller brand. 
 In Adult Nutrition, growth of 12% was driven by strong demand for Abbott's market-leading Ensure and Glucerna brands across the U.S. and international markets. Turning to Established Pharmaceuticals. Sales increased 11% in the quarter. This strong performance was broad-based and led by double-digit growth in several markets and therapeutic areas, including cardiometabolic, women's health and CNS pain management. 
 In September, we announced an agreement with global biotech leader, mAb science to commercialize several biosimilars in emerging markets. This collaboration will help introduce cutting-edge medicines in the areas of oncology, women's health and respiratory diseases, the people in countries that have historically lacked access to these treatment options. 
 Moving to Diagnostics. Excluding COVID testing, organic sales grew 10%, led by Core Lab Diagnostics, where sales grew double digits, driven by above-market performance in the U.S. and internationally. Growth was driven by a continued increase in global demand for routine diagnostic testing and a strong recovery of our blood transfusion testing business following a period of lower plasma donations that occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 In Rapid Diagnostics, double-digit organic sales growth on the base business benefited from increased demand for respiratory tests in anticipation of an earlier-than-normal start to the flu season in the Northern Hemisphere. And I'll wrap up with Medical Devices, where sales grew nearly 15%, including double-digit growth in both the U.S. and internationally. 
 In Diabetes Care, FreeStyle Libre sales were $1.4 billion in the quarter, and grew 28%. The global Libre user base now exceeds 5 million people with nearly 2 million of those in the U.S. where the Libre user base has nearly doubled in the last 2 years. A recent analysis of our U.S. user base showed that a growing number of Libre users are using Libre in combination with GLP-1 medications as part of a companion therapy approach for managing their diabetes. 
 On average, those using both Libre and GLP-1 exhibited a higher rate of use for both products, wearing Libre sensors more often and taking GLP-1 medication more frequently compared to other users. This increase in use or better compliance is a positive sign that these users are taking an even more active role in managing their diabetes. And while we traditionally think of therapy choices as having to compete against one another, this is a good example of a complementary relationship between 2 products that both help optimize the treatment of diabetes. 
 In cardiovascular devices, sales grew 10% overall in the quarter, led by double-digit growth in Electrophysiology and Structural Heart. In Electrophysiology, sales growth of 17% was driven by double-digit growth across all major international geographic regions and high teens growth of ablation catheters in the U.S. In Structural Heart, performance was driven by double-digit growth of MitraClip and strong growth from several recently launched new products, most notably Navitor, our latest generation TAVR valve. 
 In Rhythm Management, growth was led by double-digit growth in pacemaker sales led by Aveir, our recently launched leadless pacemaker that can be used for both single chamber and dual-chamber pacing. And lastly, in Neuromodulation, sales grew 19%, driven by the recent launch of Eterna, our first rechargeable neurostimulation device for pain management which targets a large segment of the market where we previously did not compete. 
 So in summary, this was a very strong quarter. With all 4 major businesses delivering double-digit organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing-related sales. Growth rates in the base business have improved every quarter this year on both the top and bottom lines. And the momentum we are building positions us well for a strong finish to the year and heading into 2024. 
 I'll now turn over the call to Phil. Phil? 
Philip Boudreau: Thanks, Robert. As Mike mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis. Turning to our third quarter results. Sales decreased 1.5% on an organic basis due to as expected a year-over-year decline in COVID testing-related sales. 
 Excluded COVID-tested sales, underlying base business organic sales growth was 13.8% in the quarter. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 1.4% on third quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar strengthen somewhat versus several currencies, which resulted in a slightly more unfavorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at the time of our earnings call in July. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 55% of sales. 
 On a year-to-date basis, our adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.4% of sales which is below our original full year guidance of approximately 56% that we provided back in January. The difference is primarily due to lower gross margins on COVID tests due to lower volumes and price compared to our original forecast assumptions and the impact of higher inventory obsolescence as a result of maintaining higher inventory levels throughout the pandemic to help ensure product supply during a time when global supply chains were less predictable. 
 As the global supply chain environment continues to improve, we're adjusting our inventory levels to align with that trend. Adjusted R&D was 6.2% of sales and adjusted SG&A was 26.4% of sales in the third quarter. Lastly, our third quarter adjusted tax rate was 14%. 
 Turning to our 2023 outlook. For the full year, we now forecast ongoing earnings per share of $4.42 to $4.46, which is comprised of our year-to-date results plus ongoing earnings per share guidance of $1.17 to $1.21 for the fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter, we forecast total underlying base business organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing sales to be in the low double digits and exchange to have an unfavorable impact of a little more than 1% on fourth quarter reported sales. 
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Josh Jennings from TD Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: Congratulations on another strong quarter. Robert, organic revenue growth nearly touched the mid-teens range for the core business in 3Q, and realize we've recently talked about the sustainability of the momentum generated this year. But I think investors would like to hear about your confidence level in the core business, delivering high single-digit organic revenue growth and solid margin expansion in 2024 off the 2023 comp that's only retire over the course of this year. 
Robert Ford: Sure, Josh. I mean the confidence level is very high, especially with this kind of momentum that we're seeing. Clearly, there's going to be some macro environment challenges as companies head into 2024. But I'd say our portfolio has really been built to withstand this type of environment, and we tend to do pretty well in this type of environment. 
 And as I said in my comments also, we've further strengthened the portfolio and the position that we had with the investments that we made during the pandemic, and that's helped lead to a step up here in our growth rate this year. The base business has grown double digits, 3 quarters in a row, and I expect to be doing that again in Q4. And if you look at the EPS contribution, as I said in the comments, it's really having a positive impact and a lot of power coming through on the base business as we continue to grow that, and it's sequentially gotten better every quarter. 
 So we're forecasting other step up in the fourth quarter. So if you look at that EPS for the fourth quarter and put it all together, the base business here is going to contribute to about $4.10 of EPS and we've raised that twice this year. So there's clearly momentum that's building here both on the top and the bottom lines. And I believe that momentum is going to sustain and continue as we go into 2024. 
 I think it starts, Josh, always with the top line. And if you can drive a higher top line growth, I think that's really the building block. And if you look at our -- let's say, our pre-pandemic kind of growth formula here, we were growing around 7%. So I expect that to accelerate in next year without a doubt. And that's off a much larger sales base than when we were pre-pandemic. And like I said, that's based off the momentum that we're seeing, and increased contributions that we'll be seeing from a lot of our growth drivers that I'm sure we'll be talking about throughout the call. 
 The Street models double-digit EPS on the base business right now, and I feel real good about our ability to deliver that. Obviously, a lot of focus is going to come from gross margin and gross margin expansion. And I think we've got momentum and tailwind here as we're going to go into 2024. So when we go to our call in January, I'll be able to kind of quantify that and give you better ranges on all of that. 
 But I'd say it's really about reiterating and reinforcing our growth model, our growth framework, which is high single-digit revenue growth, double-digit bottom line growth, margin expansion, strong free cash flow generation and a balanced capital allocation strategy. So again, I feel very good about sustaining this momentum going into next year. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Larry Biegelsen from JPMorgan (sic) [ Well Fargo ]. 
Larry Biegelsen: Just to be clear, it's Wells Fargo. So Robert, China has been in the news a lot. Love to hear your thoughts on how you're thinking about China, big picture. How is Q3? And what are you expecting from the VBP impact in the EP business and from the anticorruption initiatives we've been hearing about there. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, China has been and will continue to be an important market for us. As it relates to, I think, this theme on this anticorruption discussion points there. Listen, we've been operating in China for 35 years. We follow our compliance standards follow all applicable laws. I didn't see any kind of meaningful impact in Q3. Larry, I was actually there last week and had a chance to meet with the teams and go through the businesses and I didn't really see any meaningful impact. Devices grew 20% in the quarter. So I think that's -- we'll just have to keep on monitoring that situation, but I didn't see any real impact in the quarter.
 As it relates to VBP, listen, this is a term that's used for China, but I think it's just a common theme that we see across the world with governments trying to provide the care to their populations and manage their budgets. So I don't think this is anything completely extraordinary than what we've seen. There was a VBP on the EP business. 
 That process started earlier this year in April, I'd say about 80% of the market has now been implemented and expect the remainder of that to be implemented by year-end. Yes, there's a little bit of a price impact that we felt. But net-net, it was a positive for our EP business in China because we're able to pick up share and pick up volume. So I think that's the status there. I think as announced a VBP on diagnostics. That's not unexpected either. 
 I think the process will start sometime in the first half of next year. Right now, from the list of products that we've seen, it involves about 20% of our Core Lab business. And then as we've seen with businesses that have capital and service tied to it, the rollout is a little bit different from the rollout that you see on what I would call more pure consumables. So it's more of a kind of phased approach like we saw in EP. Each province will go and do their implementation. So it will take a few quarters to implement here. 
 But like I said, I don't think these are different than what we see in other markets in terms of how we manage the balance of our technology and our access. But I'd say China is still a big opportunity of growth, not just in Devices and Diagnostics, but in Adult Nutrition in our Pharma business. So it's an important market for us, and the team is doing a really good job at operating there. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Congrats on a really nice quarter. Robert, I want to ask you the overwhelming topic of discussion in the past few months has been GLP-1s and the possible impact on the future med tech market growth. You talked about it with respect to diabetes, but I'd love to just get your thoughts on a broader basis on GLP-1s? And do you see it as a negative, neutral or positive to your different end markets you participate in over the next 5, 10 years? 
Robert Ford: Sure, Robbie. Obviously, this has been a hot topic over the last couple of months. And let me just start off by saying with 20-plus years of experience in diabetes. I think every time new therapies, new technologies come to address this disease in this population, I think it's all great. And these are great new medications that are going to have very positive effect on the treatment of diabetes. There's obviously a lot of investor -- thanks to Robbie, about the potential impact of these drugs and what's going to happen to different industries and different companies. 
 I feel that the investor angst is it's probably driven more by those that have a little bit less domain knowledge in Medtech, I would say, seem to be moving a lot with like headlines or any new study or publishment there or publishing of any kind of study headlines, et cetera. So we've seen valuations in Medtech significantly be impacted by the fear, like you said, about the reduction in these market sizes, whether it's going to happen in the next few years or it's going to happen in decades from now. And I guess my view there is that I understand that new technologies will naturally cause us to think differently about the future. 
 And I think early on, those initial thoughts about the future are generally impacted more by motion than facts and data. And I think that's what you're seeing right now today as it relates to GLP-1 and Medtech markets. I think there's a -- if you think about it long term here on the bigger picture, I think there's a fundamental mismatch here on revenue and revenue forecast that we're seeing versus potential impact to patient and patient TAMs. 
 I've looked at the consensus forecast for this class of drugs looking out 4 to 5 years here, they seem to be in that $60 billion to $70 billion range, which is pretty significant as a category. It's probably one of the largest categories, I think we've ever seen. But then if you take the pricing, at least the public pricing that we've seen, whether it's the U.S. pricing or the lower international pricing, and you convert that into user bases and back into the numbers, I mean, we're looking at 10 million to 15 million people in the next 4 to 5 years that will be on this drug. 
 That's a real small fraction of the size of these medical device markets that we're talking about, right? There's about 0.5 billion people with diabetes, maybe another 0.5 billion people that got cardiovascular disease and maybe there's an overlap of people with diabetes and cardiovascular, but still, you're talking tens of millions of people with maybe 1 billion or under 1 billion people. So I think there's a little bit of a mismatch there in terms of how we're seeing this impact equating to revenue and the potential growth of the revenue with the patient pool TAM. So that's one big area, I would say. 
 I think there's another question here of just about the question of coverage. And obviously, these drugs have great outcomes and great outcomes impact. And then the question is, what's the appropriate cost to achieve that outcome. I've seen a lot of discussions and new stories about payers and what the payers are going to do and insurance companies and PBMs and pharmacy chains. Those aren't payers. 
 The real payers are the employers and the companies that pay for these. And I think as you look at companies and higher medical expense costs, inflation. I think that's going to be a factor as we go into next year also. So I think that's -- those are, I'd say, the bigger aspect here on the long term. On the short term, though, as you mentioned, on the diabetes side, actually seen as a positive impact on the diabetes business. As I mentioned in the opening remarks,  we completed an analysis recently that showed a significant number of Libre users were on these drugs. And the data showed that those that are using both products are actually using more of those both products when you compare them to other users. 
 They tend to wear Libre sensors more often, and they tend to take their GLP-1 medication more frequently. And I think that's a great thing, because higher therapy compliance ultimately is going to improve health outcomes. And that's not different, Robbie, this complementary relationship, Medtech very well. It's not uncommon to see that. Medical Device procedures you have patients that are taking medications either before and after their procedure. And you see it in diabetes, like I said, I've seen this in my 20 years, where it's very common to use multiple tools in combination, whether it's insulin and oral meds, whether it was fast-acting insulin and long-acting insulin. And so I think more treatment options here is a good thing for patients. 
 And I think these drugs are a real nice addition to the mix. I think as you go forward, though, I think there are some -- but definitely some other areas of interest related to this topic that we're exploring. I think one thing that is clear to us as we've gone through this process is to really use the data a little bit more to our advantage. Since the launch of Libre, we've collected the de-identified data from the user base. I'd probably go as far as to say that we probably have the most robust glucose data set in the world. I think the last time I looked at it, we've got close to 50 billion hours of glucose monitoring data. 
 So I think Libre is a perfect platform here to actually evaluate the effectiveness outside of a more controlled trial look at it more in a real-world setting. And there's just so many different ways we can look at the data, look at how the drugs work over time, does 1 drug work better than the other. What kind of job they do in terms of a profile in terms time and range. So again, I think we can do this on a population level. We can do this on an individual level. So I think that's going to be, I'd say, an important thing going forward for us here is to use that data set to be able to kind of explore that. And I'd just finally say with the portfolio -- with a diverse portfolio that Abbott has, where we look at health care, across the full spectrum from nutrition to diagnostics to then treatment. 
 I think that this then provides the company with an opportunity to further explore where we can bring value to patients that are using these drugs. And I think it's common knowledge here that there are side effects, as there are side effects with most drugs. And one of those being increased loss of muscle mass. I'd say, we have experience here in the area of nutrition, and losing that amount of muscle mass as a ratio is -- it can be problematic. So we've got an opportunity here to be able to develop, whether it's a nutritional product or other products that can help address one of these side effects, which is muscle mass loss. So there's good opportunities for there -- for us also in the portfolio. 
 So bottom line, I think it's fantastic science. It's fantastic biology. This is great for public health in the short term. I think the concerns are overblown. And I think in the long term, if we want to look out 15, 20 years, I mean, I think it's -- I think there's still a lot of question marks there, given some of the facts that I've raised, so. 
Robert Marcus: Really appreciate that, Robert. Maybe if I could sneak 1 more in on CGM, something that I think has really flown under the radar with the GLP-1, noise is you've recently gotten type 2 basal coverage in France. You have it in the U.S. and Japan as well. Just thinking about future opportunities in countries to approve type 2 basal, which could materially expand your reimbursed coverage opportunity around the world. How should we think about that? And how do you size that opportunity over the next few years for Abbott. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, we had a really good quarter, up 28%. International was up 26%. U.S., we continue to do pretty well in the plus 30% range there. And to your point, we saw a nice impact from that basal coverage, especially in the international markets, right? And it's nice to see the international growth accelerate again. 
 I remember last year, the question mark about  our international growth and a lot of our focus was on our upgrade strategy for Libre 3. So getting the sales team now reworking the demand generation. And a lot of that growth is, as you pointed out, we're seeing nice growth from that basal segment, especially in France and Japan, where we got reimbursement -- differentiated reimbursement, right? 
 We've added about 150,000. I think that was the day that we reviewed over the last 12 months, of basal users onto the user base. And if you look at that last 12 months, a larger portion of that $150,000 was happening towards the second half of that. So there's definitely acceleration ongoing there. I was actually surprised to see the speed at the U.S. coverage. 
 So right now, about, I'd say, of commercial payers have now adopted some level of basal coverage. So that's very positive. So both those 3 markets, U.S., Japan and France are doing very well, in terms of basal and basal coverage and providing that kind of tailwind of growth. And again, there's a lot of good data to be able to support while that it benefits these types of patients also and saw that in the data that we presented with the French claims data. So I'd say, yes, it's a great opportunity. It's not something that's happened. 
 We've been focusing on this, generating the clinical evidence, building the sales forces to be able to reach a primary care team, investing in direct-to-consumer advertising where we're allowed to do that. And that's a key growth driver here of this target, we have to reach $10 billion by 2028. I'd say that's an important growth driver. It's not the only growth driver, but it's an important growth driver, and we've got a lot of good momentum there, Robbie. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Danielle Antalffy from UBS. 
Danielle Antalffy: Robert and Phil just wanted to follow up on Josh's question earlier, and I appreciate you're not going to give 2024 guidance. But just at a high level, there's a few puts and takes I can think of, Robert, I appreciate the momentum in the underlying business, but you will have competition coming on the EP side, which has been a strong double-digit grower looking at MitraClip and a quarter of double-digit growth, that was great to see, like how sustainable is that? 
 And comps are just inherently potentially a little bit tougher. So if you could maybe walk through in a little bit more detail. Some of the puts and takes at a high level that we should consider nutrition, tough comps there, should consider as we think about 2024, that would be awesome. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean you're -- not sure we'll do a planned review here. But I mean there's a lot there. I'll try and touch on some of the topics there. I mean I'd just go back to -- we have a growth model and a growth forecast that I'd say, during the last 2 years has been masked a little bit by COVID and the ups and downs of COVID testing, but being able to sustain high single-digit growth, double-digit growth in the bottom line that's what we've been doing this year, a pretty significant double-digit bottom line because we forward invested back in 2022. 
 So if you look at our top line growth, right now, we haven't had to put as much SG&A to build but to kind of support that growth this year. So -- but the growth model of that high single-digit growth and double-digit bottom line growth is happening throughout this pandemic with COVID testing. And as the COVID testing numbers come down, you get to see that a little bit more now. So I feel good about delivering that in 2024. Yes, there's a macro environment that's out there. 
 But as it relates to all the elements that are directly in our control, I feel very good about it. Your comment on Electrophysiology, yes, we'll have competition. We have competition today. We grew -- in Europe, we grew mid-teens and we've been growing mid-teens for the first 9 months with the competition that you referred to. So we feel good about our position. there. On MitraClip, we've seen double-digit growth in MitraClip for the last 3 quarters, big driver of that has been international and growth international, and we're starting to see a little bit now of a rebound in U.S. U.S. was up 5% in MitraClip this quarter. 
 And again, that's sequentially better from the previous quarter and sequentially better from the one before that. So -- and we've had competition in that space also we've had competition internationally and we've had competition in the U.S., too. So again, you referred to comps, see yes, there's -- listen, I'm not going to deny there's some comps. Obviously, probably the biggest one there is nutrition this year. But every year, there's comps. Every year, a company has got comps. And I'd say if you remove some of those comps from our Q3 would still be growing double digits also. So again, I feel good about our high single-digit growth forecast. I feel good about our double-digit EPS growth. We've got a lot to work with. 
 Yes, there's challenges, but we have a lot to work with. We've got a great pipeline of products that we're going to be -- that we've not only just launched, but that we're going to be launching also. So yes, there's always puts and takes, Danielle. But I think in the aggregate, if you look at the aggregate of our positions in these markets, I think we're in a real strong position. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. 
JoanneWuensch: Nutrition, your comments, if I remember them correctly, are that you are back in a leadership position in the Nutrition business. Are you back at 100%? Are you humming along? Do you feel like there's anything that's lagging or maybe ahead of the game? And I'm going to squeeze in your current thoughts on M&A, particularly given a lot of pullbacks in valuations. 
Robert Ford: Sure. We never believe that we were going to recover all the share in a quarter, right? So the way this market works and the way we've kind of modeled it out is that we'll showing month-by-month kind of sequential increases in our market share. 
 So if you look at the volume right now is measured by a third party, we've now crossed over that leadership position in the month of September. We're not 100% back to where we were before the recall, but I always said that we would be there towards the end of the year. So we're probably at about 90% back to that initial -- to that pre-recall market share. 
 But it's nice to see across all the segments here, real nice sustained growth in our market share. And even if when you look at different segments of the IMS. So if you look at the channels, WIC and non-WIC, WIC we've been a market leader since the beginning of the year, and that was a result of our strategy in the second half of last year to stay focused on that underserved population. 
 And the non-WIC channel, we're seeing nice continuous month-by-month gains of market share. And I think the team is doing a real good job. I think we can all see that the shelves are pretty well replenished right now. And now it's just about continuing to execute on our demand generation. And I feel good about what the team is doing and recovering that market share. So that's gone pretty much to plan there. And then what was your other question? 
JoanneWuensch: M&A, particularly given pullbacks on valuations? 
Robert Ford: Yes. Well, listen, we've completed 3 transactions over the last 6 months. We acquired CSI and in the process of integrating that business. I think it's going to be a nice addition to our vascular business and start to reposition that business to kind of more higher growth markets. This quarter, we announced the acquisition of Bigfoot and this is just going to be able to allow us to broaden our offerings with Libre and provide a nice opportunity from a global perspective, and then also an announcement on the EPD side to expand access to biosimilars. 
 So we've been active, and we continue to be active. Yes, I think valuations have come down. The same way they came down, let's say, post pandemic in that 2022 time frame. It's a good opportunity. Like I've said, I think sometimes companies need to understand if it's a short term or if there's something more fundamental in that valuation, but we're in a great strategic position to be able to execute on our M&A strategy, which is really focused on can we add value to the asset. 
 And does it fall into our strategic framework of areas that we want to invest in and growth in the ones that I highlighted here are strategic, and we believe that we can add a lot of value to them. So we've got plenty of capacity to engage. And if there's the right opportunity that comes along in this period, we'll be ready. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Robert, congrats on the good print here. I had 2 questions. My first one is, could you just elaborate on this China VBP for Diagnostics. How big is Core Lab in China for you guys at this point in time? And I think I heard 20% would be impacted next year? Is the assumption or rest of Core Lab would be impacted in fiscal '25, like how do these contracts flow up? Because my understanding is you will see volume gains or those volumes and the asset price headwinds? 
Robert Ford: Yes. So the way this is kind of working out, right, this was announced recently, I think proposals are due within the provinces that are going to be bidding, Vijay, I'd say, in the next 30 days, right? And then there's like another 30 days, 30 to 60 days to evaluate all the proposals. 
 So I think that this is going to probably start, I'd say, late Q1 and into Q2. Right now, the list of assays that are on VBP equate to about 20% of the market. So our annual sales are in China are about $1 billion. So -- and then if you look at the specific assays, it's infectious disease, there's some fertility assays there, et cetera. So that's where the -- that's where the VBP is kind of focused on. 
 I haven't heard and team hasn't heard about expanding that to other areas of other areas of testing, such as oncology or hormones or other areas like that. So right now, I'd say, this is going to be our focus in 2024. If there's volume upside to begin, yes, there could be volume upside to be gained. I mean we do have good market share in some of these segments and others, we have lower market share, so it presents us an opportunity. 
 So I think in areas where you've got higher market share, you'll feel more price. And then if you can offset that price by gaining volume in segments that you've got lower share. So I don't think that's rocket science there, and we'll just have to see how that all plays out. But we've had experience gone VBP in China. We've gone through it with stents. We've gone through it with EP certain parts of our pharma business, certain parts in CRM also. So team knows how to do this. They know to kind of think about it and manage it pretty well. We adjust some of our -- our cost structure is also as a result of that. So I think the team has got a good formula here how to manage it. And we'll just have to see how this kind of plays out. 
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Robert. And my second one, I know you touched upon PFA. I think Abbott's launching their own PFA at some point in fiscal '25, '26. How should we think in the interim, right? I think your peer had pretty robust assumptions for what percentage of procedures would be PFA. Is Abbott concerned about share loss when you think about that medium-term time frame? And are there offsets to it, right? When you haven't touched upon Lingo. I think previously you had said Lingo could be as big as Libre, where will be on Lingo launch? 
Robert Ford: Yes. So we'll have to see how -- what other companies report to go to see if we're gaining or losing share right now. But I'd say we still have got good, robust growth. I'd say as we look into 2024, I'd expect us to grow generally in line with market, which has historically been double digits. We've got some good innovation that's rolling out on the RF side. And as we've spoken about our EP business, we talk about PFA. That's going to be a product that's going to be really geared towards AF ablations, you still have VT and SVT ablations, where we do have good positions over there. A good portion of our sales are also on the mapping side and the mapping and the diagnostics and those consumables. So I see those being less impacted also. 
 So I'd say for 2024, we've got a good opportunity with our EP portfolio to be growing there in line with the market. And I think to the previous question, yes, we've got plenty of different shots on goal here to be able to deliver our high single-digit growth rates. And we've got a very rich portfolio, and we're in exciting markets. Yes, Lingo didn't touch on it because it wasn't asked, but now that you have asked, yes, it is a great growth opportunity for us. 
 We're launching it in the U.K., I'd say, I'd call it more of a controlled launch, Vijay, to understand kind of the marketing mix, the marketing messaging, the positioning, the inner positioning with Libre and the learnings we've got are fantastic, and I'm excited about a full-on launch in the U.K. starting next year. And then the opportunity to be able to bring that here to the U.S. I've been public about our intention to file Lingo here in the U.S. by the end of the year. And I think that's going to provide another great opportunity for growth for us also. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Miksic from Barclays. 
Matthew Miksic: So maybe follow up on a couple of pipeline opportunities and growth drivers, one being TRILUMINATE and TriClip, sort of if you could maybe walk us through the expected pathway for commercialization in the U.S. on that front? And then back to diabetes, I know the GLP-1s dominated to the discussion there, but with Tandem rolling out integration with their pump and kind of making wider availability here of closed-loop integration in Q4. Just it would be great to hear your thoughts on what that ramp looks like, what additional support or efforts you expect will be required on your end? And just what we can expect over the next 12, 18 months, that's out there and available to patients. 
Robert Ford: Sure. On your question on TriClip, yes, so we submitted to the FDA for review earlier this year. It's my understanding that CMS is going to review this in parallel also. I think I made a comment to this last time, we'll likely see a panel review here, and I don't think it's unexpected to be quite honest with you. A lot of the novel therapies go through an advisory panel process with TAVR, saw with MitraClip. So I expect that to be the case here for TriClip. Right now, the expectation of that panel is I said the date that we think we have right now is January but we'll have to see how that occurs. 
 But again, I don't -- the fact that we'll probably go through a panel, I still feel very enthusiastic and confident about the opportunity that we have with TriClip. Not only this is -- these are patients that are in real rough shape and it's not a lot of treatment options. And we've shown in the TRILUMINATE study that we can reduce TR and our understanding and our belief is that reduction of TR is important, and we'll be going through that. 
 And then I'd say the safety profile of the TriClip product is very important as you think about building a new category and a new area, but you've got 5 million people here, Matt, that suffered from TR globally. I believe this is a 1 billion-plus opportunity for sure, and we're committed to building a real strong position on here with innovation on the product and strong clinical evidence to support it. What was your other question, sorry? 
Matthew Miksic: Sure. Closed-loop integration with Tandem and maybe the ramp or expectations for that process? 
Robert Ford: Yes, it's my understanding here that we'll see a launch sometime by the end of this year with Tandem. And we're excited about that. There's about 150,000 to 200,000 new pump users globally. So I think this is an area that we've historically haven't been a player in, and now we will be a player in. We've launched an AID system in Europe, let's say, more towards the end of last year into this year, and I was reviewing the results of the team. 
 I mean that pump company has had tremendous kind of growth partnering with us. And so that's a proof point there that when you bring in the choice and the option and you put it together with Libre that there's a real strong value proposition to connecting the pump with Libre. 
 And then as I've said, we want to be a leader in this space, not just be a competitor. So there's a lot of work ongoing right now with our dual analyte glucose ketone sensor, which we believe there's a lot of applications there, Matt, but I think one of the clear applications and value propositions is to be able to kind of pair that with an insulin pump and have a much more richer algorithm and safety algorithm in the insulin delivery system. So we feel good about that. 
Michael Comilla: Operator, we will take one more question, please. 
Operator: And our last question will come from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. 
Jayson Bedford: Just a couple of quick ones. First, what is the updated expectation for COVID testing revenue here in '23? And then second one, Robert, you alluded to gross margin expansion in '24. Can you just frame the sources of gross margin? I assume nutrition is a key driver there. And then maybe just bigger picture, and I appreciate that everyone in the industry is facing these challenges. But is there visibility into clawing back to pre-COVID gross margin levels. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Yes, there's visibility. I mean, the visibility is in the first half of 2024, then I'd say no, but we do have a plan to be able to kind of drive gross margin and gross margin expansion. I'd say as you look at it into next year, Jayson, there's really a couple of elements here that will be tailwinds for us. I'd say lower commodity costs, that for sure. And those were pretty big headwinds for us in, I'd say, in 2022 and 2023. 
 On one hand, you've got commodity costs in nutrition, but you also got other commodity costs that are impacting the entire company. And what we have seen, and I think a lot of companies have seen this is those commodity costs start to bend and move down the other way. So -- and that will be particularly important for us as we think about nutrition, which is highly dependent on a large number of commodity and commodity inputs. 
 Seeing a lower freight and distribution. And again, I think a lot of companies are seeing that, but we're seeing that not only just in terms of rates but also with more normalized supply chains, we can use different modalities of freight that can also lower cost and not using air all the time. So that's going to help. We've got a, I think, a pretty robust process and teams in place that work on gross margin and gross margin improvement plans have been very busy, I'd say, over the last 12, 18 months, I expect those teams to continue to deliver on their strategies to deliver cost reductions, and then favorable product and portfolio mix, right? 
 So as our faster-growing, higher-margin businesses and new products become a large portion of our overall sales and sales mix. I think that also contributes to that. So yes, we understand that gross margin is key to be able to deliver on that double-digit bottom line EPS growth. And we're -- this is something that we work on every year. And I think we've got a little bit more of a better environment for our teams to work on. So on your COVID question, I'll ask Phil to give you the details there. 
Philip Boudreau: Jayson, relative to 2023 COVID testing sales forecast full year is about $1.5 billion here. 
Robert Ford: Okay. So I'll just wrap up here with a few comments. It's clear that we're seeing broad-based growth across the entire company. As I said in my comments, we've now delivered double-digit organic sales growth here for the past 3 quarters and forecasting that type of growth again this next quarter EPS contributions and the growth in the base business has increased every quarter, and we've exceeded the expectations we set for the initial guidance of the year.
 The pipeline to some of the points that were made there, a big kind of opportunity for us going into 2024 is our pipeline, and it continues to be productive with several new product approvals, indications reimbursement and geographic expansions there. So momentum is clearly building and well positioned for a strong end of the year and going into 2024. 
 So with that, I'll wrap up and thank you for joining us. 
Michael Comilla: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-19 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. 
 With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission. 
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Mike Comilla, Vice President of Relations. 
Michael Comilla: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions. 
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2023. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward statements. 
 Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. 
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. 
 Note that Abbott has not provided the GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis because the company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in the quarterly results press release issued earlier today. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.08, which reflects an acceleration in the contribution from the underlying base business. Organic sales, excluding COVID testing, increased low double digits for the second quarter in a row and was led by mid-teens growth in Medical Devices, along with double-digit growth in Established Pharmaceuticals and Nutrition. 
 On our last couple of earnings calls, I've highlighted improving underlying demand trends across our businesses. These strengthening trends continued in both our institutional and consumer-facing businesses this past quarter. 
 Within the institutional businesses, health care systems around the world have continued to improve their ability to expand the supply of health care services through ongoing efforts to adjust protocols, manage the labor challenges and increase the overall available capacity to treat patients. In our more consumer-facing businesses, we're seeing consumers prioritize spending for health care products, which is driving increased demand for our products in the U.S. and internationally. 
 I'll now summarize our second quarter results in more detail before turning the call over to Bob, and I'll start with Nutrition, where sales increased 10% in the quarter. In the U.S., growth was led by Pediatric Nutrition growth of more than 20%. We continue to make good progress in increasing manufacturing production and have now recovered approximately 75% of the market share in the infant formula business that was lost last year as a result of the voluntary recall. Internationally, total Nutrition sales grew 6%, led by growth in both Pediatric and Adult Nutrition businesses. 
 Turning to Established Pharmaceuticals, sales increased 12.5% in the quarter. This strong performance was led by growth across several markets, including India and China; and therapeutic areas, including gastroenterology, women's health and CNS pain management. This business continues to execute at a high level and capitalize on the favorable demographic and socioeconomic trends in emerging markets. 
 Moving to Diagnostics. Excluding COVID testing, organic sales grew 7%, led by Core Lab Diagnostics, where sales grew 10%, driven by performance in the U.S., Europe and China. This broad-based strong performance reflects the increased demand for routine diagnostic testing globally. And in the U.S., our blood transfusion testing business continues to make good progress, recovering from the impact of lower plasma donations that occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 And I'll wrap up with Medical Devices, where sales grew more than 14% on an organic basis, including double-digit growth in both the U.S. and internationally. In Diabetes Care, FreeStyle Libre sales exceeded $1.3 billion in the quarter and grew 25% on an organic basis. 
 During the quarter, Libre became the first and only continuous glucose monitoring system to be nationally reimbursed in France for all people with diabetes who use insulin. This achievement was a direct result of the unique value proposition that Libre offers, a fully featured continuous glucose monitor made available at an accessible price. Abbott has led the way in expanding reimbursement coverage for continuous glucose monitors in order to bring the benefits of this life-changing technology to more people around the world. 
 In cardiovascular devices, sales grew more than 10% overall in the quarter, led by double-digit growth in Electrophysiology and Structural Heart. In Electrophysiology, performance was led by international growth of more than 20%, which included high teens growth in Europe and strong growth in China. 
 During the quarter, we received U.S. FDA approval for our TactiFlex ablation catheter, the world's first ablation catheter with a flexible tip and contact force sensing technology, which helps to deliver improved procedure outcomes and faster procedure times. 
 In Structural Heart, performance was driven by MitraClip growth of approximately 10%, along with growth from several recently launched new products. Earlier this year, we submitted for FDA approval for TriClip, our minimally invasive tricuspid valve repair device that helps treat a condition on as tricuspid regurgitation, a leaky heart valve disease. 
 The clinical trial data supporting our submission showed that TriClip is a highly effective and safe treatment that provide a significant improvement in the quality of life for patients. TriClip is currently being reviewed by the FDA, and we look forward to bringing this first-of-its-kind technology to patients here in the U.S. 
 In Rhythm Management, growth of 8% was led by Aveir, our recently launched leadless pacemaker. And during the quarter, we received FDA approval for our dual-chamber leadless pacemaker, a first-of-its-kind technology that allows for 2 pacemaker devices to communicate with one other inside the body to provide minimally invasive treatment for those with abnormal heart rhythms. 
 Aveir was specifically designed to be upgradable and retrievable in order to evolve with patient changes and therapy needs over time. This unique technology offers the potential to revolutionize care for millions of people who require a pacemaker. 
 And lastly, in Neuromodulation, sales grew 16%, driven by the recent launch of Eterna, our first rechargeable neurostimulation device for pain management, which targets a large segment of the market where we previously did not compete. During the first half of this year, we introduced several new innovations, including the launch of Eterna, and label indication expansions for treating painful diabetic neuropathy and chronic back pain for those who have not had or are not eligible for back surgery. 
 So in summary, we exceeded expectations on both top and the bottom lines. Growth in the underlying base business accelerated, driven by improving market conditions and contributions from both new products and legacy growth platforms. And our pipeline continues to be highly productive, which will sustain our strong growth profile in the future. 
 I'll now turn over the call to Bob. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Mike mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis. 
 Turning to our second quarter results. Sales decreased 9.2% on an organic basis due to, as expected, a year-over-year decline in COVID testing-related sales. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, underlying base business organic sales growth was 11.5% in the quarter. 
 Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 2.5% on second quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar strengthen somewhat versus several currencies, which resulted in a slightly more unfavorable impact on sales, compared to exchange rates at the time of our earnings call in April. 
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L. The adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.4% of sales, which reflects continued flow-through impacts from the elevated inflation we experienced last year on certain manufacturing and distribution costs as well as an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Adjusted R&D was 6.4% of sales, and adjusted SG&A was 27.2% of sales in the second quarter. Lastly, our second quarter adjusted tax rate was 14%. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full year. We now forecast total underlying base business organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing sales, to be in the low double digits. We're now forecasting COVID testing-related sales of around $1.3 billion, which is below our full year forecast of around $1.5 billion that we provided in April due to current testing dynamics, including lower demand for testing, following the end of the public health emergency in May. 
 For the third quarter, we forecast COVID testing sales of around $100 million. Based on current rates, we expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of a little more than 1.5% on full year reported sales. 
 Lastly, our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $4.30 to $4.50 remains unchanged, but reflects a lower earnings contribution from COVID testing sales compared to expectations in April, offset by raising our underlying base business earnings forecast by approximately $0.05 based on our strong performance and outlook. Compared to the initial guidance we provided back in January, we have now raised our underlying base business earnings forecast by more than $0.15, offsetting the lower contribution from COVID testing versus our initial forecast. 
 Turning to our outlook for the third quarter. We forecast adjusted earnings per share to be approximately $1.10, which reflects strong growth on the underlying base business. We forecast total underlying base business organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing sales, to be in the low double digits, and exchange to have an unfavorable impact of a little more than 1% on our third quarter reported sales. 
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Joshua Jennings from TD Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: Congratulations on another strong quarter. The core business is generating nice momentum. Organic sales growth accelerating, earnings power increasing. 
 Robert, it would be great to hear your views, first, on the drivers of the back-half momentum, assuming an updated low double-digit organic revenue growth forecast for '23. And then second, it'd be great also to get your thoughts on the sustainability of this building momentum in '24 as the business is creating some more challenging comps for next year. 
Robert Ford: Sure, Josh. Yes, it was a very strong quarter, broad-based growth. And -- but listen, I still think that we could do better, and I know my team feels that also. If you go back a little bit in terms of a couple of years when COVID was happening, we always said that there was a great hedge share for us, right? And when COVID would subside, we would have a strong base business and making investments. 
 And I think that's what you're seeing right now play out in these last couple of quarters and what we think is going to continue to play out throughout the rest of the year and going into 2024. We saw a very strong growth across all 4 sectors, excluding the COVID testing piece of it. And as I said in my opening remarks, the institutional business, the consumer business, there was an acceleration from Q1 to Q2, growth versus Q2 of last year. So all the right indicators here trending positive and with great momentum. 
 Devices and Diagnostics, there was a nice step up. I attribute that really good improving market conditions, whether it's the hospital systems addressing some of the bottlenecks that they had in care, but also markets that are reopening and that trend continuing, but also new products. So market conditions was part of it, but new product launches also contributed quite a bit there. 
 EPD has sustained, I'd say, high single-digit, low double-digit growth the last 2 years, and I think that continues. I think we're probably one of the best-positioned large health care companies in emerging markets. We've got a unique strategy there, a lot of regionalization and a lot of local for local, and the team does a really good job at executing that. 
 The double-digit growth in Nutrition was as expected. We're seeing the recovery in the Pediatric business, recovering our market share. My comment there of the 3 quarters of recovery is more general and broad-based. But once you start looking at different segments of the -- and from the market, different SKU sets and different types of form, there are certain segments where we're already back to leadership position. So that's moving it all in the right trajectory. And Adult is doing very well in several countries. 
 So COVID declined as we had forecasted. We decided to bring our COVID number down a couple of hundred million dollars because we're seeing -- as the public health emergency ended, we saw a little bit of a decline in testing there. So we'll see how that's going to play out in Q4. It's probably at the first quarter, we'll see, Josh, of an endemic respiratory season. So we'll see how that's going to play out. 
 But the base business is doing really well. And I'd say, from a geographic perspective, it was pretty broad-based also across all geographies: U.S. Europe, Asia. Obviously, China reopening was really positive, too. But it wasn't like this over-indexing in our growth rate with China opening. I mean if you look at our growth rate, excluding China, it was -- it only added about 1 point of growth to that 11.5%. So it's pretty broad-based across the market. 
 So pleased with the top line. We believe it's very sustainable, which is why we increased from at least high single to low double-digit growth rate. And I think the pipeline and the productivity is another kind of key aspect in our quarter, a lot of product approvals, and that's going to drive it. 
 It's probably a little bit early to kind of go through a specific guidance for 2024. But I think if you look at this COVID decline, this anticipated COVID decline that we had this year, I think it's kind of overshadowed a little bit about the strong and the strength in the performance in the base business. And you're starting to see -- as that number comes down in COVID, you'll start to see really the strength of the base business. 
 So if you look at the base business, it's contributing about $4.10 of earnings for the full year this year. That's about $0.15 higher to what we originally guided back in January. And I think that's pretty significant growth, even at $4.10 on the base business, and that's really been driven by top line. 
 So you look at the leverage in the P&L, the investments we made during COVID were able to drive a lot of growth there. So pipeline is delivering pretty significantly. And I believe that, that is the sustainability going into 2024, that top line. Of course, gross margin is a constant area of focus for us, whether it was the impact of FX or the impact of inflation. But I'm already seeing 3 out of our 4 major businesses here showing improved gross margin profiles versus the end of last year. So we're seeing good momentum over there. 
 So if I put this all into account, I think we're achieving a lot of growth, top and bottom line, the new product contributions, strong pipeline and then the opportunity that we'll have for gross margin expansion. So I think we're well set up as we go into the second half of this year and as we go into 2024. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Congrats on the nice quarter here. Just one for me. Robert, I'd like to hear your thoughts on the med tech top five and the pipeline, specifically how you're thinking about Aveir and the dual chamber approval and TriClip you mentioned earlier, and just the sustainability of that 11% cardio neuromod growth we saw this quarter. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, that group of products, they did pretty well in the quarter. Combined, those products, they grew about 40%, Larry. If you take the Q2 run rate and annualize it, it's annualizing to about a little over $650 million. I expect to do better than that in the year as the next quarters progress. 
 Regarding your question on these products, I can go through some of them here. I mean, on the Aveir side, we saw a lot of positive developments this quarter for leadless. If you remember, we received FDA approval for the single chamber last year. And if you look at some of the claims data, at least the claims data that we're looking at, showing that we'd be able to capture about 1/3 of that market. So that's doing really well. 
 But what's really exciting for us, and quite frankly, it's a lot of KOLs that I've spoken to, especially at HRS this year, was the approval for the dual chamber, which is a much larger segment of that makes up at least 80% of that $3 billion worldwide pace market. And it's the first-ever technology, right, where you've got 2 implanted devices communicating with each other. 
 So it's a huge opportunity for us, I think, to really change paradigm here. It's a little bit of a different implant than what EPs have been accustomed to doing, with pacemakers that have leads. So our focus here at the beginning, I think, is really to look at the bigger part of the market and make sure that we do a really good job at creating a real-world kind of strong clinical results, making sure that the implant technique gets well understood. 
 And so we'll focus a lot on training and training physicians. We'll be opening new centers, of course, but we're going to -- this falls in the bucket, Larry, of just making sure that we go at the right tempo out of the gate so that we've got a bigger eye on the larger market and the larger conversion because I think that that's a huge opportunity for conversion over there. 
 So there, I'm very excited about, and the team is already starting their launch plan here. Amulet grew 25% this quarter, which is a great growth rate. And again, we're also focusing on generating great real-world clinical results there, being thoughtful about how we open the accounts, build a strong, sustainable position. This is a fast-growing market. It's a great opportunity for us. And so that's done well. 
 And TAVR with Navitor, again, our quarterly sales, we're looking at this the other day. Our quarterly sales have roughly doubled in the last 18 months. Now, yes, granted it's a smaller base, but I'm just hearing really good feedback from the implanters now, once Navitor is out, regarding the implant technique, regarding the outcomes. So I think we're building a really good position here, obviously, in the U.S. following the launch, but internationally seen real strong performance, whether it's market share gains or our ability now to open new accounts with this new product. 
 And then TriClip is, we're seeing similar international performance. Physician enthusiasm here continues to build as now they've got this much better, I'd say, a real effective option here to treat patients that are suffering from TR. So -- and I think the publishing of the TRILUMINATE data earlier this year really gave a boost to those international markets. I mean, we had clinical data out there, but the TRILUMINATE data, I think, really, you can see this correlation in terms of what we're seeing in terms of implants there post publishing that data. 
 So I'm excited to bring it here to the U.S. I mean, we submitted it to the FDA earlier this year. The clinical data that supported the submission, as I said in my opening comments, is really strong, great quality-of-life improvement. I'm enthusiastic about the opportunity in the U.S. I mean, it's a PMA submission. We submitted in January. So we didn't necessarily bake in any kind of significant sales this year, but I think it's a great contributor for us next year. 
 So -- and then on neuro, I mean, this market moves a lot with innovation. And we introduced quite a bit of innovation, I would say, over the last 6 months in this market. There's great opportunity to execute on that, and there's more to come also in that business, too. So I look at the cardio and neuro business, just with these products that we've mentioned here, this group of products that we recently launched, billion-dollar segments, and that we're in the early innings. So I'm excited about it, and I think these got a lot of momentum and sustainability on our cardio and neuro business, Larry. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy from UBS. 
Danielle Antalffy: Robert, I do have 2 product-specific questions, but you totally stole my thunder with that very thorough answer there. But if I could follow up on specifically Libre and MitraClip. So did see U.S. deceleration in the quarter for Libre. Just wondering what you're seeing out there. You have a competitor launching a new product, but you guys are launching Libre 3. And you do have the basal coverage for Medicare now, but how you see basal ramping? That's the first product question. 
 And then the second question is on MitraClip. And another -- a quarter was fine, but this is a market that had been growing double digits pre-COVID. Just curious about where you think this market falls out on a normalized basis once we're through staffing constraints, once we get through what feels like a little bit of an air pocket in the patient population given the high mortality rates through COVID. So those are my 2 product questions. 
Robert Ford: Okay. Thanks. So on your Libre question, we had a really strong quarter there, Danielle. We grew 25%, yes, 30% in the U.S. I think it's pretty strong growth still. And internationally, we're up 22%. So that's very positive now that we've kind of put behind us some of the upgrading activities that we are doing towards the second half of last year, so you're seeing the impact there. 
 The basal is a great opportunity. In my comments, I referenced France. Yes, this wasn't just like a tender award. The French authorities looked at claims data. They looked at data from basal users using the product. We've got over about a 70% share of that market. So they looked at it and say, "Wow, this is really having an impact". 
 So that's good. It provides us great momentum. You look at -- now you've got U.S., Japan and France reimbursing for basal. I mean those are 3 of the top 5 markets in the world, and we're well positioned there. U.S. coverage began in April. So that's playing out nicely also. So I think we got great momentum here. 
 I'd say what's really exciting is a lot of the upcoming launch activity and pipeline activity that we'll have in the second half of this year. If you look at our integration with pumps, it's my understanding here that sometime in this second half, we'll see Tandem integration with our CGM system here in the U.S., and that will be exciting. 
 One of the things that we've also got rolled out and planning is, as you might remember, we got L3 approved full iCGM. But together with that approval, we also got a 15-day claim. So we'll be launching our 15-day sensor here in the U.S. second half -- in the second half of this year. So that's exciting, too. And the team is on target here to start and initiate our glucose-ketone dual-sensor trial sometime in Q4 here. So a lot of pipeline activity in the second half. 
 Probably the one that I'm most excited about, Danielle, is actually Libre 2 streaming. I think this is an incredible opportunity and what the team has been able to do. I think it's the most exciting launch that we have in the second half here, which is really our ability to convert our entire Libre 2 base from scanning to be able to have real-time streaming through an app update. 
 We ran our first conversion in the U.K. over the weekend. There were some challenges there as we rolled it out. Team worked over the weekend. But as of -- I think as of end of day, Monday, 90% of the user base was converted. And the social media posts that I've been seeing are just incredibly positive. 
 So just think about our ability here to convert our entire L2 base into a slightly smaller version of L3 across the world with all the manufacturing capacity we have. So I'm really excited about that. So I think Libre is on a great trajectory, great momentum. And I think that's going to continue. 
 Regarding your question on MitraClip, yes, I think the performance was -- I think it was pretty strong, 10% growth. International was up 20%. So U.S. was more modest. And I think you pointed to some of the challenges that we are seeing. I'm not sure it's so much the staffing portion now, Danielle. I mean, I think it was probably in the second half of last year. We're not seeing that in the other parts of the business. 
 So I think the U.S. piece here is really our ability here to reignite and restart that referral funnel here in the U.S., which was impacted by the pandemic. And I think this is going to take a little bit of time, but it's a key -- it's a key area of focus of the U.S. commercial team here is to really look the commercial and the clinical team to really restart those that referral process from the cardiologists into the hospitals. 
 This is a -- continues to be an attractive growth area, and you can see that. Where we don't have some of these issues here in the U.S., we're looking internationally to accelerate as a way to kind of balance it out. And we're seeing great growth internationally here. So the market is still very attractive. We're having a lot of success internationally. And in the U.S., we're going to focus on this patient referral funnel here, and I think we'll start to see kind of improvements in the numbers. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Congrats on a solid print here. Robert, I had a 2-part question. One, you did mention double-digit organic sort of base. Is that -- like should we worry about the comp issue for fiscal '24? Because I'm thinking about Lingo, which I think is just launching, is that enough to sort of maintain some of the strength we're seeing? So any comment on Lingo launch, update on Lingo would be helpful. 
 And my second part is on gross margins, down sequentially. If I'm looking at that 56% overall for the year, it looks like we're probably looking at bottom half of the EPS guidance. I know you had mentioned $1 billion of inflation impact. How should we think of that benefit in margin expansion in back half of year '24? 
Robert Ford: So yes, I'll take the Lingo question, and then I'll ask Bob to fill in on the gross margin. On the Lingo piece, listen, this has been part of our strategy, Vijay. It wasn't -- it was an afterthought as we were building Lingo platform. We knew it would be in this situation where can we expand beyond diabetes. We've been very thoughtful about it and very intentional about it. 
 The opportunity during COVID to invest heavily in this was our opportunity. And as I've said in the past, to be thoughtful about this, we had to create a separate group, a fully dedicated group. I was with them a few months ago. And if you look at the team, the scientists, the engineers, the data experts, the marketing team, et cetera, they're just focused on this. 
 But it's interesting, their backgrounds here aren't necessarily with diabetes, right? They're more digital health, they're more consumer health. And they've got this target, which is to do something that not a lot of well-established companies, health care companies do, which is to create a product that's really targeting a healthy population and a healthy population that wants to stay healthy. 
 So the product was launched yesterday in the U.K., kudos to Lisa and the team for getting that through. And the value proposition is pretty simple. And I think that's how we needed to think about it for this patient segment here -- for this consumer segment, sorry. And it's really to deliver personalized like metabolic improvement and metabolic health. 
 And the way it does that, Vijay, is that it's teaching you about glucose spikes. It's teaching the consumer about how your body reacts to food, how it reacts to sleep, how it reacts to exercise. And the goal is to minimize those spikes throughout the day. 
 So the Lingo coach, it learns -- it first learns about your metabolism, right? And then after it learns about your metabolism, by wearing the sensor, it then assigns you a daily target, and we're going to call this the Lingo count. And this is basically a number that is the amount of spikes that you're allotted to or assigned to during the day. 
 And we're going to track that daily progress and track to that target. And we believe that, that's a great kind of behavior modification tool for those that don't have diabetes. Their charts, there's data. There's all that, that you have in the app. But we believe that the simplicity of this Lingo count is really key to modifying behavior. 
 It's a subscription-based model. It's direct to consumer. We are looking at opportunities for partnership, but it's direct to consumer. The website -- the web shop is open. And the pricing is pretty much in line with our cash pay price for Libre. And I think the key aspect here is -- for this app, is that we have to constantly provide content to the app, constantly new information, new data. 
 And if I think about everything that's going on in the world of AI, and I think about -- how I think about AI for Abbott, we have a lot of opportunities. I would put this one here together with Libre as our biggest opportunity to capitalize on AI and what it can do for personalization. So it's out in the U.K. It's launched yesterday. We'll study. We'll learn from the U.K., and then we'll roll it out to other markets. 
 I'll preempt your question, which is always like, is it going to come to the U.S.? Yes, it will. We intend to file in the U.S. at the end of the year. I don't expect big contribution right now from a financial perspective early on. Maybe my team will surprise me, but I absolutely expect this to be a significant contributor over time for us. And so that third part of the growth stool here for that platform is out of the gates, and we're excited to see what we can do. 
Robert Funck: Okay. So Vijay, on the gross margin question. So back in January, we guided a gross margin profile of 56% of sales for the full year. And through the first half of the year, the base business, so excluding COVID testing, is right in line with that. We are, however, seeing lower gross margins on our COVID test do -- really due to the significant decline in volumes that we've seen compared to our assumptions at the beginning of the year. And so that's really what's being reflected in a little bit lower gross margin that you've seen. 
 And I think for the balance of the year, we would expect to see gross margins roughly in the range of 56%, and then we would look for steady improvement after that. As Robert talked about, it's a key focus area for us. Each of our businesses have gross margin improvement programs in place, with teams that are dedicated to that effort. And as -- so as we work into 2024, we would expect to see some improvement overall in our gross margins. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Joanne Wuensch from Citi. 
JoanneWuensch: Briefly, can you sort of tear apart the Electrophysiology growth rate of 17%? How much of that is in the U.S.? How much of that is oUS? And what do you think is driving that? And then I'll just jump in with my second question, which is, if you have reclaimed about 75% of the Pediatric Nutritional business, can you get to 100%? Or do you think you're more or less where you can get to? 
Robert Ford: Sure. So really good growth on EP. We're up about 17% total. U.S. was high single digits, around 9%. International was about 24%. In that 24%, Joanne, there's probably about 8 or 9 points of kind of China recovery. So if you look at the growth rate internationally outside of China, that was about 15%. So real strong growth. 
 Again, if you look at Europe specifically, it was up just under 20%. So it's pretty broad based. And even if you look at the big 5 countries in Europe, did really well there. TactiFlex in those countries, that's been out there for a couple of quarters right now. We only got approval in the U.S. towards the end of the quarter. So that's doing really well, and it's really helping. We got really good feedback on the catheter. So growth is doing very well. 
 The U.S. is probably a little bit impacted by kind of the capital cycle. If you remember, last year, we launched EnSite X, and it was like a very large bolus of kind of upgrading and capital placements that we're making. We get a lot of good feedback on the system, both from the users and from the administration, especially the fact that it's an open system. So that's done very well. 
 If you look at the consumable part of the U.S. growth, it was up in the mid-teens. So that, I guess, the term used was tear apart the EP growth rate. But again, it's a great market. We've got a great position and good recovery, and I expect to see this continuing throughout this year. And sorry, what was your other question? 
JoanneWuensch: The other question had to do with the 75% recovery in Nutrition. Is that sort of your best case or is there more to go? 
Robert Ford: No, I kind of made my team, and I also kind of said publicly that our target here is to get back to 100% of our market share by the end of the year. A big driver of that is the manufacturing and the manufacturing kind of ramp up. And we started the manufacturing -- reopened the manufacturing process in July for specialty of last year and August and September for non-specialty. So that manufacturing has provided us the supply we need to fulfill the demand. We've got a very strong brand in Similac, and you're seeing that. 
 So -- and as I said, I think maybe to Josh's question at the beginning, if you look at the different segments, first of all, if you start with WIC and non-WIC. In the WIC segment, we're back to leadership position or back to our position we had before the recall. And that was because we focused a lot on that Q3, Q4 time in that segment. 
 So I guess, long-winded to say yes. I mean, we're still on target for that to be able to get to the end of the year with our pre-recall market share. So -- and like I said, if you pull -- if you break out some of the different formulas because there's a lot of different SKU sets and different types of formulas. In some of them, we've already -- we're already back to where we were before recall. So team's working really hard at this, and I'm not changing that target. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Marie Thibault from BTIG. 
Marie Thibault: I wanted to ask a fairly high-level one here on the Diagnostics business. Now that COVID testing is sort of behind us, Core Lab was really strong this quarter. I just want to kind of get an update on the areas of investment and growth in Diagnostics testing today. The Alinity rollout, how that's progressing? And whatever else, in terms of tests or trends, we should be paying attention to now in Diagnostics? 
Robert Ford: Sure. I think we had a really, really good recovery here. As the health systems are opening up, you're seeing that routine testing come back. And like I said, it was pretty broad-based, U.S., Europe, Asia, Asia without China. I mean, it was pretty broad-based, Latin America. So that's working well. I've said Alinity is -- it's a multiyear kind of cycle. If you look at these contracts there, 7 to 10 years. So every year, you got 15% that's coming up for renewal. 
 I've also said we're trying to strike the balance between top line growth and gross margin and gross margin expansion. And I think this is the range that we feel is the right range. We can probably accelerate that more with more placements of instruments and more capital, but you have some friction on your gross margin as you do that. So we're being thought about how we make these placements and how we expand. 
 The -- one of the areas that recovered really nicely, and I talked about in the opening comments, was on blood banks. As you know, we're a market leader over here. So as the blood bank business and as people come back to doing blood donations and plasma donations, we disproportionately benefit from that, not only here in the U.S. and around the world. 
 So our big focus here is really to look at the assays and the tests that are missing on the menus and focus the R&D spend to be able to close those gaps. And that was one of the areas that we did during COVID was while one portion of the diagnostic business is working on the COVID testing, the other group was receiving investment to be able to develop new assays to be able to layer on. 
 And that, Marie, is extremely -- it's a very important strategic driver for us because you've got the capital that's been placed out in the instrument, so we could add more assays to that. That comes with a much higher margin profile. So that's our key area of focus. 
 Molecular is an area of focus. We've been working on expanding the menu in Molecular also. And then Point of Care. One of the most exciting assays that the team has developed for Point of Care is a rapid test for traumatic brain injury, sulfur concussion testing. We've got it approved on a plasma sample. 
 We're doing all the work to be able to get it on a whole blood sample, which can then go through a clear waiver test. And then ultimately, you've got now a handheld 15-minute test, blood test, to be able to rule out a concussion that could be -- you can imagine the applications of that kind of test around the world, but specifically a lot in terms of this country. So that's a lot of our focus in Diagnostics. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Miksic from Barclays. 
Matthew Miksic: I have one clarification on some of the topics that came up earlier, and then just hopefully one of the kind of pipeline questions. So one of the things going on in CGM and wearables, as you talked about, Robert, and just to kind of separate these out so we can understand exactly how this will play together maybe over the next 18, 24 months: Libre 3, Lingo and sort of -- and ketone. 
 So Lingo, you mentioned filing at the end of the year. Wondering if that's still ketones and lactates for that product? And then if there's a path forward that includes ketones for kind of the core CGM Libre 3? And then I have 1 just quick pipeline question, if I could. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Yes, the Lingo product that was launched yesterday, it was really starting off with a glucose-only component to it. We had a lot of debate about this, and we wanted to start off simple. The opportunity to add ketones to that is definitely in the mix, Matt. There's going to be a lot of learning here for us as we, like I say, market a product to a healthy population. And there's going to be a lot of learnings about that. 
 But the idea, as I've laid out at CES a couple of years ago, is that we'll have a pipeline of different analytes that will come into this. Lactate is on the menu also. The team has figured that out. There is an interesting application for lactate, both in the consumer market, but also in the institutional market for continuous lactate monitoring. So bottom line, Lingo is -- it starts with glucose. And then we'll be adding on different analytes as we go learning through that. 
 But all of those opportunities are all there. And I actually think that there's going to be an opportunity, as I've said, with ketones in the diabetes space, for sure. And that dual sensor with ketones-glucose is very strong for a specific diabetes population, but I also think it could be strong for a nondiabetes population also. 
Matthew Miksic: Great. And then the -- just on the pipeline. We hadn't heard much about what was happening with CSI post the acquisition, and, obviously, important strategic fit and add around peripheral and their platforms there. But they did have this IVL program that was kind of in process. I'm just wondering if you're ready to comment on where that is or when we might start to hear more about the progress there or your expectations for that? 
Robert Ford: Yes. Listen, the CSI, it closed this quarter. Thank you for asking that. I think it's going to really have a strong impact as we look at our vascular business and really focus on the growth in the peripheral. You can see that we've strategically been adding, either organically with our below-the-knee stent that we're working on that's currently in trial, and then all the inorganic moves that we've been making. So that's very clear, and we're super excited about having the CSI portfolio at Abbott. 
 Yes, and you highlighted one of the ones that, as we're looking at it, that we were super excited about, and the IVL product. I'll put it this way, as we look and do a lot of the integration efforts, and we did a lot of that in St. Jude, and we learned a lot, I would say, from an R&D and portfolio perspective, as part of that integration exercise, that's one that gets probably a disproportionate amount of attention and share of mind from us as we're doing the integration and as we're looking at the program and thinking about would the program benefit with additional resources, et cetera. 
 So I'm not prepared to comment on that right now, Matt. But rest assured that this one is high on my priority list as we're going through these next kind of quarters here of integration. 
Michael Comilla: Operator, we'll take one more question, please. 
Operator: Our final question will come from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. 
Jayson Bedford: Maybe just on margins. It looked like there was a nice lift to base business' up margin. And I'm just wondering, is this all related to the improvement in Infant Nutrition? Or are there other factors at work? And then maybe just as a bit of a related question. You talked about the inflationary impacts on gross margin. I think we all understand that. But I'm wondering if you're seeing input costs actually start to come down now? And if so, when will we start to see that impact the P&L? 
Robert Ford: Sure. Regarding the op margin profile, we're actually back to our pre-pandemic op margin profile. So that's -- I think that's really positive. Obviously, the mix of how we get there is a little different. We got a little bit less gross margin from some of the points that Bob has raised here. But that op margin profile is really a combination of 2 things. I'd say, we made a lot of investments during COVID. I talked about them. We outlined them over the last couple of years. 
 And as we go into this year, you're seeing this accelerated top line. We're seeing a lot of leverage in the P&L because of those investments, haven't had to make the kind of SG&A or R&D investments to be able to drive this 11.5% or low double-digit top line growth rate. So that's one of the big drivers there. 
 Yes, your question on infant formula, that obviously contributes as the product -- as we're recovering the share and the manufacturing is ramping up again. But it's really a combination of all the areas, right? As the device business grows and grows disproportionately, that has a higher gross margin profile, too. So I'd say it's really across the board on all the businesses. And this is an area of focus that we have. 
 To your question on gross margin, this is our biggest opportunity, I would say, maintaining this kind of growth rate and then looking at areas where we can improve our gross margins. Your point on endpoint costs are true. We are seeing certain input costs come down, certain commodities come down. And if we see that continue throughout -- going into next year, I think we'll have a great opportunity there. 
 One of the things that I wanted to make sure we focused on going into this year was that we had the inventory we needed to be able to capitalize on the opportunities we have from a top line perspective. And if you remember, Jayson, second half of last year, supply chain is really challenged, and we had some challenges, right? And that -- those supply chain challenges had an impact on our top line. 
 So going into this year, we told the team, let's make sure we've got all the inventory we need to capitalize on these opportunities. And one of the ways you do that is you've got to lock in your supply, you've got to lock in your volume, you've got to lock in your price. So as commodities come down and we start to look at our contracts for next year, I think that will be a great opportunity for us as we go through it. 
 So that being said, I'll just wrap up here with a few closing comments. We had a very strong start to the first half of the year. We achieved double-digit organic sales growth on the underlying business. We've done it for 2 quarters in a row now. The growth was broad-based. It's not focused on one specific area or one geographic area, it's across the entire portfolio. And all of the areas have delivered great performance. 
 The pipeline has been highly productive. And I think that's the key for us and for our strategy is to make sure that we're bringing new innovations to the market that can kind of sustain our top line and meet unmet needs for patients. 
 We've raised the organic sales growth and the EPS guidance on the base business. And the EPS guidance on the base business is now forecast, as I said in the beginning, to be about $0.15 higher than our original guidance back in January. So momentum is building. We're well positioned for the second half of the year and heading into next year. So with that, thank you for joining us. 
Michael Comilla: Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-18 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.  
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions. . 
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2023. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022.
 Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com.
 Note that Abbott has not provided the GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis because the company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in the quarterly results press release issued earlier today.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported strong results to start the year. First quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.03, which is above consensus estimates, driven entirely by strong underlying base business performance, excluding COVID testing. Organic sales growth excluded COVID testing increased 10% led by double-digit growth in Medical Devices, Established Pharmaceuticals and Nutrition.
 As you'll recall, back in January, I expressed some optimism that the headwinds Abbott and other companies faced over the last few years were starting to peak and in some cases ease a bit. As we move through the first part of the year, that's exactly what we continue to see. Most notably, the impact of COVID has rapidly and significantly lessened. As part of this transition, certain behavioral shifts have been evident across society. One simple illustrative example has been the significant increase in travel and tourism, we've all seen, heard about or experience firsthand.
 A much more relevant and important behavioral shift that we're seeing in health care globally has been the increased priority people are putting on getting healthy and staying healthy. And for our businesses, the impacts have been increased routine diagnostic testing volumes, improved medical device procedure trends and strong demand for consumer-based health products. The net results this past quarter was strong, broad-based growth across our portfolio.  
 Importantly, this growing focus on health adds to and enhances other favorable demographic trends such as a global population that's growing older and living longer and increasing access to health care around the world. Combination of these favorable market dynamics, along with the strength of our growth platforms and new product pipeline provides a strong foundation for sustainable, top-tier growth going forward.  
 I'll now summarize our first quarter results in more detail before turning the call over to Bob. I'll start with Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, where sales increased 11% in the quarter. This continues EPD's impressive stretch of consistent strong performance, including double-digit growth each of the last 2 years. Growth this past quarter was led by strong performance in Brazil, China and Southeast Asia and across several therapeutic areas, including cardiometabolic, gastroenterology, CNS and pain management.
 Turning to Nutrition, where sales increased more than 10% in the quarter. In the U.S., Pediatric Nutrition growth of more than 35% included the impact of lower sales in the first quarter of last year due to a voluntary recall of certain infant formula products. We continue to make good progress, increasing manufacturing production and recovering market share in this business. Internationally, total Nutrition sales grew mid-single digits overall, and sales in global Adult Nutrition also grew mid-single digits, driven by strong performance of our market-leading Ensure brand.  
 Moving to Diagnostics, where as forecasted, sales growth was negatively impacted by a significant decrease in COVID testing sales compared to the first quarter of last year. Excluding COVID testing, organic sales growth was led by mid- to -high single-digit growth in Core Lab, Rapid and Point of Care Diagnostics. In Core Lab Diagnostics, growth was led by strong performance in the U.S. and Europe, which was partially offset by soft market conditions in China early in the year, though we're seeing improving market demand over the last several weeks. Excluding China, Core Laboratory Diagnostics sales grew nearly 8% globally. 
 And I'll wrap up with Medical Devices, where sales grew 12.5% globally on an organic basis, including mid-teens growth in the U.S. and double-digit growth internationally.  
 In Diabetes Care, sales of FreeStyle Libre grew more than 25% on an organic basis in the quarter, including approximately 50% growth in the U.S. and mid-teens internationally. During the quarter, Libre received U.S. FDA clearance for connectivity with automated insulin delivery systems. We're working with leading insulin pump manufacturers to integrate their systems with both Libre 2 and Libre 3 as soon as possible.  
 In cardiovascular devices, sales grew more than 8% overall in the quarter. And impressively, organic sales growth rate improved sequentially compared to the prior quarter in every one of our cardiovascular device businesses. This broad-based strength was led by strong double-digit growth in Heart Failure and Structural Heart.  
 In Heart Failure, sales of CardioMEMS grew more than 30%, which represents the third quarter in a row that CardioMEMS sales have grown more than 25%. In Electrophysiology, performance was led by high teens growth in Europe, including strong, broad-based performance across big 5 European countries, which was driven by cardiac ablation catheters and mapping systems.
 In Structural Heart, growth was led by double-digit growth of MitraClip, along with strong contributions from 3 recently launched products, Amulet, Navitor and TriClip, which combined to grow nearly 50% in the quarter. And lastly, in Neuromodulation sales grew 11%, driven by a recent launch of Eterna, our first rechargeable neurostimulation device for pain management, which targets a large segment of the market where we didn't previously compete.
 So in summary, we're off to a very good start to the year, exceeding financial expectations on both top and bottom lines. The strong performance we're achieving is broad-based and fueled by strong execution, new products and improving market conditions. And our core foundational growth platforms have strong momentum and are achieving exceptional results, positioning us well for top-tier growth going forward.
 And now I'll turn over the call to Bob. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis. 
 Turning to our first quarter results. Sales decreased 14.5% on an organic basis due to, as expected, a year-over-year decline in COVID testing-related sales. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, underlying base business organic sales growth was 10% in the quarter. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 3.3% on first quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar strengthen somewhat versus several currencies, which resulted in a slightly more unfavorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at the time of our earnings call in January. 
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.9% of sales, which reflects flow-through impacts from the elevated inflation we experienced last year on certain manufacturing and distribution costs as well as an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Adjusted R&D was 6.4% of sales and adjusted SG&A was 28.3% of sales in the first quarter. Lastly, our first quarter adjusted tax rate was 14%.  
 Turning to our outlook for the full year. We now forecast total underlying base business organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing sales, to be at least high single digits. We're now forecasting COVID testing-related sales of around $1.5 billion, which is below the full year forecast of approximately $2 billion we provided in January due to current testing dynamics we're seeing in the market.
 For the second quarter, we forecast COVID testing sales of around $200 million. Based on current rates, we expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of a little more than 1% on full year reported sales, which includes an expected unfavorable impact of a little more than 2% on second quarter reported sales. Lastly, our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $4.30 to $4.50 remains unchanged, but now reflects a lower earnings contribution from COVID testing sales compared to expectations in January, offset by raising our underlying base business earnings forecast by a little more than $0.10 based on our strong performance and outlook.
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Congratulations on a nice start to the year. So Robert, you raised the base business organic growth and held EPS flat despite lower expected COVID testing sales. Can you please provide more color on the trends you're seeing across your businesses and geographies that allowed you to maintain EPS? And how does that feed into 2024? It sounds like you're thinking more about the base business, ex testing going forward? And I have 1 follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure, Larry. I think that you summarized it pretty well there. We reduced our COVID forecast right now from $2 billion to about $1.5 billion, but maintained the previous guidance, and that was the result of a better performance that we're seeing in our base -- in our underlying base business. I think that's actually a pretty great trade-off to have our base business have a raise of just over $0.10 here, offsetting this decline in COVID testing.
 As I said in my comments in the beginning, Larry, back in January, we were seeing already some signs of a better environment, right, specifically in devices we're starting to see already the hospitals and the systems starting to get their handle on staffing shortages. From an inflation perspective, we talked about some of the commodities starting to turn a little bit, not all of them, but some of them starting to turn.
 So that's really translated, I'd say, in improving top line on the base business, better diagnostic testing, more procedures. I'd say if you look at the procedure trends throughout the quarter, if you look at cardio specifically of around 8%, you look at the way we exited February and specifically March, they were double digits in March. So the real impact there was, I'd say, the reopening of China in January and the beginning of the quarter. That created a little bit of friction, but it was pretty broad-based across the systems in Diagnostics and Devices, U.S., Europe, Asia. We saw good performance in Japan also. So that gave us a lot of confidence that we're on the right trajectory here.
 And I'd say we're forecasting at least these high single-digit growth for the base business. And that's because of what we've been talking about over these last couple of years, which is reinvesting some of those COVID revenues and profits into the base business. So we're able to drive accelerated growth through without having to provide extra funding, let's call it that way, to that growth. So I think there's a real strong start to the year to see double digits in Devices, EPD, Nutrition, we continue our recovery there. So it's a really good strong start to the year. I think it's very sustainable. Of course, we're going to keep pushing and wanting more. But I think it's a good starting point. 
 Regarding your 2024 question. I get it -- these last couple of years, Larry, usually in our first call, it's always about what's going to happen in the next year because of COVID. So I get that question. I'd say right now, I'm not going to give any specific guidance, but if you look at our underlying base business, we're a little over -- right now, we're forecasting for this year a little over $4 of EPS. And we always start our planning process here as double digits. 
 This year, we're forecasting really strong double-digit growth because like we've talked about, making those investments, getting the leverage through the P&L and not having to invest to get that additional earnings growth. And that's our starting point as we go into next year, targeting that double-digit EPS growth. And I think it starts with driving a strong top line. And if we maintain a strong top line, which I'm sure we'll get into all the growth drivers here, I feel very good about them and the sustainability of them and the investment and the execution.
 So we keep that strong top line. There's obviously work that we got to continue to do on margin and margin expansion, and that's a big area of focus for us. Those are really the elements here. Strong top line on the base business going into 2024 and targeting that double-digit growth with that top line and margin expansion. 
Larry Biegelsen: That's super helpful. Just for my follow-up, Robert, Cardio and Neuro was strong this quarter at about 8.5% organic. Can you talk about the trends there and the sustainability of that? There's still concerns in the investment community about your EP business with PFA competition coming. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, like I said, I think the trends in the quarter were very positive. I think, like I said, I think it's a combination of improving conditions. I think the hospital systems have done a really good job right now at managing through the staffing shortages, and we're starting to see the impact there. And then the combination of our product launches and execution of those product launches. Like I said, I think it was pretty broad-based across the geographies. And really, the only challenge we had was in January in China, but I think we're starting to see, again, a lot of growth in that market, too. So I think it's very sustainable. 
 Regarding your question on PFA. Yes, I mean, I think it's an interesting technology. We've been working on it for several years now, Larry. And haven't been as public about what we're doing. That's probably driven by my direction to the team, but I think we'll share more about it at [ HRS ] this year in terms of everything we've done. As a backdrop to that, I guess I would say one of the benefits of having a very large installed open mapping system based on the markets, we actually get to see these systems being used in real world. And it's a great product development tool to be quite honest with you. 
 So a lot of our focus and the development of our program, Larry, is really looking at some of the gaps and some of the challenges we're seeing in these first-generation catheter systems and really looking at addressing those. So I think what the team has been working on is really unique and differentiated. So I don't think that PFA will be the one tool to rule all tools. I think that it will be a tool that will be important. We're obviously working on our system. I think that the companies that are going to be winning in this space are going to be those that can effectively work with PFA and at the same time, work with RF.
 So I think there are a couple of questions that are going to still need to be answered over the next 12 to 18 months, Larry. I think safety and efficacy is one that still needs to be -- we see certain signals in certain markets. So those, I think, need to kind of work their way through the type of cases, type of patients that are going to be used with this product. I think one big question on the PFA is kind of can it actually improve real-world procedure times.
 I think that's the big question I have in terms of what I've been seeing, what our teams have been seeing. And then given all the pressures that the health systems have is a 3x to 4x premium on RF, is that actually sustainable. So bottom line, I think our device, cardio device portfolio is well developed across all the different areas of growth opportunities that we have. And I think that PFA is going to be an important technology that we've been working and investing on to bring to market and looking more as a second-generation product. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: Congrats on the strong start to the year. I was hoping to ask 1 question and related follow-up. But what is -- Rob, just to help think through some of the core gross margin and operating margin trajectories from the core business with the COVID testing, volumes coming down and the historic margin contribution in the last couple of years, but I'd love to just hear about drivers of gross and operating margin expansion. Like pre-COVID, we were thinking 50 basis points or up to 50 basis points of operating margin expansion was plausible for your business. And maybe just help us think through the trajectories, but also any leverage you can pull to support double-digit EPS growth trajectory in 2024, if there's some unpredictable headwinds that pop up. I just have 1 related follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean I think as I said to Larry, I mean, I think it starts with the top line, right, and being able to drive that top line and especially the top line coming from our med device portfolio, which obviously has margins that are accretive to the overall company. So looking at the growth drivers there, whether it's the Structural Heart portfolio, the EP portfolio, Libre and Diabetes or recovery in Nutrition. I mean, I think these are all important areas of top line growth that will drive accretion to our margins.
 One of the challenges that we all faced has been the impact of inflation on our input costs. And as I said, I think some of those are normalizing a little bit. I think last year, a lot of the focus was just to ensure that we had access to all the raw materials, right? And I think in those situations, we ultimately had to deal with elevated prices. And I think that some of these will unwind over time. This is not a -- I don't think this is a quick fix, but it's definitely an area that we're going to see steady improvement over the next couple of years here in terms of improvement.
 We've been able to take price where we can to offset some of those inputs, those cost input increases, but I think it's really the focus on the top line with our device portfolio that drives the accretion and then combined with focusing on our gross margin improvement programs, which we have across all of the businesses and that get the attention and the focus every month in our operating meeting. So the combination of those 2 factors are what gives us confidence for that margin expansion. 
Operator: Mr. Jennings, please make sure your line is not on mute. 
Joshua Jennings: I was on mute. I apologize. I wanted to just, related follow-up, you already touched on taking price, Rob. And would love to hear mostly on the device business, how pricing is shaping up in 2023. But also if you could touch on any other businesses where price is turning into a tailwind for your business that would be great to hear. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I think on price, we've historically, as a company, our high single-digit growth really driven by volume, whether it's expanding markets or taking market share. I'd say on the device side, pricing historically has been a headwind for us. I'd say, over the last 12 to 18 months, it hasn't been one. So we've been able to, at least, kind of hold pricing, I wouldn't say gone out and did big pricing increases, but at least being able to hold pricing. I'd say more on the consumer side of the business, Josh, is where we've been able to kind of take price. If you look at our Nutrition business, we haven't been able to offset 100% of the commodity increase, but we've been able to apply some price increases globally across the portfolio.
 In our Established Pharmaceutical business, there are segments of the market where it is more kind of cash pay. And we've been able to implement pricing increasing there. I think the team in EPD has done a pretty good job at how to implement those and still have good share positions across our therapeutic areas. So those are probably the areas that we've been able to implement pricing increases. And to your point on tailwind, if we start to see the commodities and some of the input costs come down, especially these more consumer-based businesses, I think the strength of our brands, whether it's in Nutrition or an EPD, there's an opportunity there to have that kind of tailwind. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Great. Congrats on a nice quarter here. Maybe to start, Robert, we just saw you get approval earlier this week for Medicare reimbursement for type 2 patients that use basal insulin for Libre 3. Clearly, a really big opportunity. But would love to get your thoughts on, first, how this impacts Abbott. And then broader how you see improving reimbursement, both in the U.S., around the world evolving over the next few years and the benefit it could add to the Libre business? 
Robert Ford: Sure, Robbie. I've talked about how this is an important part of the growth strategy and an important part of the market opportunity for [ CGMs ] as a whole.  We've been investing and generating the clinical data to be able to kind of support this. So this is a great opportunity for us. I'd say I talked about, there's about 4 million type 2 basal insulin users here in the U.S., about 1/3 of them are on Medicare. So it will start there. I think we built a robust kind of position in this patient segment, and that includes not only the clinical data that we produced, but building a sales force that's focused more on the primary care side. I think the product lends itself very well to this patient population also.
 So I think we're excited about the opportunity. I think I've sized it at about $1 billion plus in terms of opportunity in the short term here. And as the CMS reimbursement starts to play out, we know that there will be eventually a spill onto private payers here in the U.S. It's difficult to forecast that because each plan will look at its own population and make its own determinations. But I think that provides a nice tailwind of growth over the next couple of years for this franchise. 
 And I don't think it's just a U.S. situation. We're seeing other countries around the world also start to expand the reimbursement. And it's a combination of both the clinical data that supports the use of CGMs on this patient group and also specifically, I'd say, for FreeStyle Libre the value proposition in terms of being able to support a larger group of patients have the benefits without necessarily having to have a significant premium, I guess, call it over that. So we've seen markets outside the U.S. already kind of do that, and we're seeing good results in terms of its implementation. So I think it's a great opportunity for the category and more specifically for Libre. 
Robert Marcus: Great. And maybe a quick follow-up here. Structural Heart had been challenged throughout the pandemic, and here we are with a nice double-digit growth quarter from you. Can you speak to -- is this the start of a strong recovery here? Anything in the quarter that feels durable to you? And then also, you had some, in my opinion, good TriClip data at [ ACC ] earlier this year. Your thoughts on how that might evolve over the year as well. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean I think we've always looked at our Structural Heart portfolio over the -- at least the last 3, 4 years and made all the investments in terms of building a product pipeline, building commercial infrastructure globally in the market. So this is definitely an area of growth. I think the entire portfolio looks really strong and really durable and really sustainable, Robbie, whether it's our position in mitral, our building of our position in the tricuspid area. We're entering the aortic area with Navitor seeing good momentum over there also. Amulet, the launch of Amulet also. So I think we've really built a strong pipeline of products and commercial footprint here. So I think it's doing what -- this quarter, what we've always envisioned it to do, which is to be a top-tier growth contributor to Abbott. 
 Regarding your question on TriClip, I agree with you, too. I was pleased with the results. I was pleased with the outcome. As I said in the past, I don't think it's a one study, and that's it. I think you have to continue to invest in generating clinical data. It's what we did with MitraClip. But the trial enrolled really fast. And I think that's always a good sign in terms of the speed of enrollment, in terms of its acceptance and excitement from the physicians. And that's because there's not a lot of good treatment options for these patients.
 As you know, traditional surgery over here has got a high mortality rate, and diuretics don't really work well. So I think the measures we saw in terms of the TR reduction, the quality of life improvement scores, I think they are probably some of the best that we've ever seen in a heart failure trial. So the bottom line, I think these patients are in rough shape, and I think the physicians know this. So we feel good about the data. We've already submitted it to the FDA. So that's been submitted.
 I know the CMS will probably review this in parallel. And I believe that click-based devices here are going to be the first option. They've got strong efficacy data and a very good safety data also. So I think -- you think it's good data, I think it's good data, too, and I'm cautiously optimistic here of bringing this product. We're seeing great momentum in Europe. So that's a proof point here that I can tell you is a lot of great growth that we're seeing in Europe. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Rick Wise from Stifel. 
Frederick Wise: Sorry for my scratchy voice, a little bit. I was hoping we could talk about Diagnostic broadly ex COVID, you're thinking about what's next, broadly for the franchise as COVID wanes. But more specifically, we haven't had an [ Alinity ] update in a while. I know this is a multi-platform, multiyear rollout process. Where are we in that process? How much more do we have to go? And any other diagnostic perspectives you'd want to share? 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Rick. Yes, I mean, I think -- so the way we were thinking about Alinity and Alinity rollout, it was a multi-platform, multiyear rollout, right? If you look at these contracts, that you enter in there between 7 to 10 years. So you're really looking at 12%, 15% of the market that's up for renewal every year. So we always looked at this as multiyear. It did take a back seat a little bit, I would say, during COVID as a lot of hospital systems weren't necessarily focused on RFPing their diagnostic, really just focusing on treating patients and doing the tests related to COVID. So what we began to see, I'd say, probably middle of last year, definitely into the end of the last -- definitely into Q4 of last year and going into this quarter is those RFPs in that process are restarting back up again.
 So -- and I think we saw this a little bit on our growth rate here, again, excluding COVID. And you look at our Core Lab business, which is the predominant base of our Diagnostic business, growing 7% if you take out China, which started off a little bit roughly in the 8%, which is the range that we tend to target here, Rick. So I think we're restarting the process and reaccelerating it. I think it's going well.
 I think we saw good growth in the U.S. and good growth in Europe and that's good. One of the areas that got impacted during COVID also was transfusion. So we saw a drop in donations during COVID. So I'm glad there was inventory in the blood banks to be able to deal with that. But now we're starting to see donation start to ramp up again and the rebuilding of inventories and the picking up of donations. So I think that, that's also another positive sign.
 And specifically on the blood bank side, our system Alinity s system, it really requires a lot less manual labor. There's a lot of automation in there. And I think that's something that we're seeing a lot from the blood banks as donations are ramping up again, the ability to take advantage of that increased demand with our system. So I would say that we could probably grow faster than that, but I think it would come at some margin erosion because you're going to have to place a lot of boxes to be able to get to the double-digit growth.
 So I think that this growth rate that we've established here 7%, 8%, 8.5% is the right growth rate where we can actually drive top line growth and at the same time, drive bottom line profitability. I think our margin profile in this business is probably one of the highest amongst the industry. So I think the team has done a really good job at finding that right balance. So all in all, I think -- it took a little bit of break during COVID, but it's restarted right now, and I like the systems we have, the position we have and the commercial execution that's in place. 
Frederick Wise: Okay. That's very thorough. As a follow-up, I wanted to focus on Nutritional, but I'm going to also sneak in a quick CardioMEMS as well. Nutritional, it's great to see the 10% performance, the strong U.S. recovery. It sounds like you're making solid progress. What's next -- when do we get back to normal in your view? And what is the new normal growth? And just to sneak in the CardioMEMS, jeez, I've been watching the CardioMEMS story, Robert, for over a decade back to St. Jude days. And I always thought it was great technology. What's Abbott's special sauce that you're driving such a superb performance? And where do we go from here with CardioMEMS. So why -- what's happening? 
Robert Ford: I guess on the Nutrition side, I think the team has made a lot of progress. They work incredibly hard at this. Our manufacturing and our market recovery are in line with our expectations. I've talked about -- we've talked about this business being between 4% to 6% in terms of the target growth range, maybe towards the upper end of that range. And ultimately, that's when everything kind of normalizes and you don't have some of these comps, that's what I expect this business to be in.
 Regarding CardioMEMS, this has been a little bit of a journey for us. I think we found the right combination here of what I would call, making the investments that we needed to make on the clinical -- generating the clinical data and the clinical trial. We've obviously had an expansion in our label that happened last year. But I think the biggest and most important part here is commercial execution on the ground and thinking about workflow in the hospital systems, right, managing that and addressing that and working with the hospitals to address this workflow has been probably the biggest impact that the team has had. And then we're going to continue to invest in more clinical data and product upgrade. So I feel great about this product. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Congrats on the [indiscernible] this morning, and I had 1 back, Robert, on this base EPS question. I think based on some of the numbers you disclosed, it looks like the base earnings EPS is about $4.10 in fiscal [ '23 ], excluding COVID testing. Assuming base EPS grows double digits, historical average algorithm, we're looking at something like 450-ish for fiscal '24. The variables here are of endemic COVID testing run rate, [ what if ] inflation coming down and capital deployment assumptions, right? So if you could just parse out, is $250 million, $300 million like a right number for endemic COVID testing. And what is your current inflation -- total gross inflation that Abbott has taken a hit on versus prepandemic? And what part of that inflation is coming down? Or could there be some pricing offsets in that cap deployment? 
Robert Ford: Sure. So I think you've got the numbers kind of in the right direction there, Vijay, if I followed all of that. And I would say, as I said, that primary driver of that is going to be the base business performance driving that growth. Regarding COVID for 2024, listen, I'm going to need to see a little bit how the testing environment evolves. We brought down the forecast for this year based on what we're seeing. I'd say there's very little public investment, I would say, in testing.
 So it's mostly now a private market. I think we do very well in that segment with the brand that we've built, not just here in the U.S., but overseas also. But it might be a little bit early to try and forecast what COVID is going to be next year. But I think the number you threw out there of a few hundred million dollars is maybe a good starting point. But again, we're going to have to see how that evolves during the year. Regarding your inflation question, I'm going to ask Bob to address it. 
Robert Funck: Yes. Vijay, so we saw a lot of inflation, which we talked about on the last few calls, really hitting us last year, it was probably tuned around $1 billion. We saw some carryover inflation there into this year, but we've essentially been able to offset that through some of the gross margin programs we have across our businesses, which Robert talked on as well as taking some price in some of the areas of the business, again, with more consumer-facing businesses. So we've really been able to kind of mute that carryover inflation this year, but we still have probably about $1 billion, call it, 240, 250 basis points worth of -- where the headwind currently sitting in our gross margin. 
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And then sorry, Robert, capital deployment, I think CSI acquisition, people thought was on the smaller side. How are you thinking about capital deployment? And then one on product side. The Libre U.S. number, 50% was a big number. Is there anything from a competitive perspective that's going on? Is Abbott gaining share? Or is this the underlying market growth? 
Robert Ford: I'll talk about us. I mean I think the 50% growth there is pretty strong. We've been at this rate for couple of quarters now. I think it's a combination of our product launch and our execution and expansion of the market. So I think the 50% here is -- like I said, I don't know what the other manufacturers are going to -- are seeing, but that 50%, I'd say that's our growth rate. And so I think it's doing very well. Sorry, what was your first question? It got... 
Vijay Kumar: On cap deployment, cap deployment. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean I think you guys almost feel like you want to have like some sort of model from us in terms of how we do this. I guess the best model -- the only model that we're looking at is what's the best return for our shareholders here. And what we found is having this kind of balanced approach where we're committed to a strong and growing dividend. We make the investments in our organic opportunities to drive organic growth. And we've been doing those in Med Device, in Diagnostics, in Nutrition. 
 And if there's an opportunity for M&A, to able to add to the portfolio, then we'll do that. And we announced the -- our intention to acquire CSI. And I think it was fit exactly our criteria here, Vijay, which is -- it's a great strategic fit, wanted to build more of a position in the peripheral side. You've been seeing what we've been doing. We acquired a thrombectomy company about 1.5 years ago, now looking at atherectomy with CSI. So it's a good strategic fit.
 They have a strong position in a growth area that we like, and we believe that we can add value and the deal made sense financially for the company. So that kind of fits into our framework of how we look at M&A and how I've talked about it. So the allocation is balanced, and we'll look at what's the best return for our shareholders as we allocate the capital. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citi. 
JoanneWuensch: Nice quarter. A couple of catch-up questions. Can you update your guidance and thoughts on interest expense, and where you are on share purchases in the quarter and plans for the year? And I'll toss my real question in. EPD, another quarter of double-digit growth, what is driving that? And in your view, how sustainable is that in a potentially recessionary environment? 
Robert Ford: Okay. I'll take the EPD question here. Listen, I think that this is a -- we've been doing this for many years here, I would say. I think we've carved out this, I talked about this, nice little space for us in the global pharma market, which is, I call, fast-growing emerging markets with a branded generic focus. There's a way of how to operate in this. It's not operating the way you would operate with proprietary pharma. And it's different from operating in pure generics. 
 And I think that what you're seeing now is really an organization that has kind of figured out the right sweet spot on how to execute on this strategy. And you're seeing the results over the last couple of years. We tend to really focus on local for local. We pick the right markets, and we develop portfolios that are relevant for those specific markets by having local R&D, local manufacturing. So that's done very well for us. And I think the team has done a really good job at driving profitability. So not just the top line, but also the bottom line. 
 One of the challenges here, Joanne, is obviously FX, but they've actually -- this group has actually driven absolute dollar profit growth in the business. So I think they've figured out how to do this really well, not just with portfolios, but also channels and integrating that. It is a very unique model. And I think the team have done a really good job at understanding it. 
 From a geography perspective, I mean, in my opening comments, a lot of growth in Southeast Asia, a lot of growth in Latin America for us and great growth in India, too. As you know, we've got a large business in India there, too. So I think it's working very well. And I think it's very sustainable, too, given the dynamics of these markets. Regarding your question on interest... 
Robert Funck: Yes. So Joanne, in terms of kind of net interest expense for the year, we're forecasting a few hundred million dollars there. And then you had a question on share buybacks. As you know, historically, we do buybacks to offset dilution. And so we did some buybacks in the first quarter, again, a few hundred million dollars' worth of buybacks. 
Scott Leinenweber: Operator, we'll take 1 -- go ahead. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Danielle Antalffy from UBS. 
Danielle Antalffy: Just a question on specifically 2 components of the Structural Heart business. The first being MitraClip. Robert, just curious about what you're seeing in that market. That was a market that was severely impacted by both COVID mortality and hospital staffing constraints. Just curious about where you think we are in the recovery specifically in that market? You did seem to put up another decent growth quarter this quarter. And then I have 1 follow-up on Amulet. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I think it was double-digit growth in the quarter. I think what we saw there was continued international momentum, and I think that's a great opportunity for us is to be able to expand the technology internationally. We have a new manufacturing site that we invested in, that's up and running, and I think that will give us the opportunity to be able to expand this more internationally. So I think that's a great growth driver for us. 
 And then recovery in the U.S. As I said, I think some of the systems have figured out how to manage the staffing shortage, our teams play an important role in that also. So I think that -- listen, I'm cautiously optimistic here that this part of the ramping up of MitraClip has been addressed. From our side, we continue to focus on driving the patient referral funnel. I mean that was probably one of the areas that got shut down that we were starting to build. So I'm starting to see good momentum there on building those patient referral funnels. 
Danielle Antalffy: Okay, that's great. And then on Amulet, the question I have there is really about where you think you are in the launch. I mean that's a product that very high growth market. But let's be honest, you launched, I think, that product during Omicron right? So just curious about how you would characterize where you are in the launch of Amulet. 
Robert Ford: Yes. And listen, it's going well. We've got a nice kind of ramp. I guess I wanted that ramp to be a little bit more vertical. I would say one of the challenges we face there is exactly like you said, it's difficult to launch a product right into the pandemic. We saw that with a couple of products also. But I think that the team has done a really good job here of being thoughtful about how to build a strong and sustainable position in the market. We're not in the entire market. We haven't gone out and launched into all the accounts. But the accounts that we have launched into, Danielle, we're actually seeing roughly about a 25% market share into those accounts.
 So I think that's the right kind of base to work off from ensuring that the accounts that we're in, we're starting to see repeat usage, continued usage, expanded usage. And as we start to see more of that, then we'll start to ramp up and start to go to new accounts. So I think this is an exciting area for us. Yes, I would want it to be a little bit more vertical in terms of its launch, but I'm very optimistic about the product, about the team, about the position that we built in. So -- and we're investing in it, right? We've got our CATALYST trial here that's enrolling pretty well, too, comparing Amulet to NOACs. So I think this is a great opportunity, a great area of investment and growth for us. 
Scott Leinenweber: Operator, we'll take 1 more question. 
Operator: And our last question will come from Matt Miksic from Barclays. 
Matthew Miksic: Thanks so much for squeezing me in. So you covered a lot of ground, obviously, out of here. So maybe, Robert, if I could just ask -- just 1 follow-up on your comments this morning, which came across, I think, to most folks as noticeably more bullish and encouraged by what you saw in Q1? And maybe just recognizing that investor expectations have also risen a bit throughout Q1 as checks and everything came in during the quarter. But would you describe what you're seeing in the environment as something like a volume recovery or some other companies have used this backlog concept or something that might is strong now and may ease whenever, later in the year? Or is what you're seeing maybe something more general in terms of lifting productivity and volumes that could be more sustainable? 
Robert Ford: Yes. I guess the way I'm seeing this, and I've traveled quite a bit during this first quarter, and I made the statement in my opening remarks. I sense in talking to systems and talking to consumers, again, not just in the U.S., but around the world that there is this focus now of, okay, COVID is behind us, but I want to stay healthy, I want to get healthy, and I want to stay there. So as it relates to procedures, what I'm seeing is people say, listen, I've been putting this off not because of COVID, not because there's some sort of backlog. But I've been putting this off for a couple of years, I want to go and address this. Or on the consumer side of our products, whether it's EPD or Nutrition, we're seeing, again, a lot more focus on, okay, I'm going to spend some of my disposable income on these products, on these health products. 
 So I don't see this as like a backlog aspect here that we're going to work our way through. Maybe there's some areas or geographies that you might have a little bit of that. But we tend to -- on the procedure side, we tend to work with the systems and we play a role and preplanning this procedure. So we have a sense of what the funnel is. And I don't see like this oversized funnel over here because of a backlog. What I do see is more funnel just because people are wanting to invest in their health. And on the flip side of that is I think the systems have figured out whether it's in diagnostics or whether it's in cardio procedures, they figured out how to deal with some of these staffing issues that I don't think are -- will ever be back to normal. 
 So I think that what you're seeing are systems, obviously, addressing some of the shortfalls, but not just by hiring, but also using technology, working with companies to figure out how to offset some of that delta and labor shortage. So I think this is very sustainable. And I think you're seeing some of the companies that are reporting -- yesterday, I think we saw some companies report talk about growth and procedure [ change ]. So I think it is sustainable. I don't think it's a bolus of backlog, so at least that's how we're seeing it, at least on our products.
 I'll just wrap up here then. I think like I said in my comments, I think we're off to -- we're definitely off to a very strong start to the year here. Growth in our underlying base business has accelerated, and it's strong, and it's across the board, whether it's the different product groups, platforms or geographies. We're now forecasting at least high single-digit growth in our underlying base business year. And I think this is a pretty unique and differentiated growth profile. Part of it is market conditions improving, but I also think part of it is our new product pipeline that continues to be highly productive. So we're really pleased with how we started off the year. And with that, we'll wrap up, and thank you for joining us. 
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-24 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.  
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions.  
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2023. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. 
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com.  
 Note that Abbott has not provided the GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth excluding COVID testing sales on a forward-looking basis because the company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange.  
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'll discuss our 2022 results as well as our outlook for this year. For the full year 2022, we achieved ongoing earnings per share of $5.34, which is well above the original EPS guidance we set at the beginning of the year. As you know, macro business conditions have been highly dynamic and challenging over the last few years, particularly for U.S.-based multinational companies.  
 COVID-19 pandemic played a big role in this, of course. We saw the U.S. dollar strengthened significantly and inflation reached new heights last year. Supply chains continue to face challenges, and our health care customers have been navigating staffing challenges that are negatively impacting certain medical device procedure trends and routine diagnostic testing volumes. As we start the new year, however, while all these factors remain headwinds, I'm cautiously optimistic that we're starting to see them peak and, in some cases, ease a bit.  
 Over the past few months, the impact of COVID-19 on society is lessened and economies around the world are increasingly reopening. In the U.S., the U.S. dollar weakened a bit and inflation has eased somewhat and hospital-based procedures and routine testing trends continue to steadily improve in many areas. As you know, COVID testing has been a big part of our story these past couple of years, and I'm proud of what our team has built a full suite of tests across several platforms and the intentionality and how we established a leading role in the world's response to the pandemic.  
 In total, we've delivered nearly 3 billion COVID test globally since the start of the pandemic. Going forward, we expect COVID-19 to transition to more of an endemic seasonal type of respiratory virus. And with that, COVID testing, while still important, is expected to decline significantly. We expect variance will continue to emerge, and therefore, our tests will remain an important part of our leading respiratory testing portfolio, along with flu, RSV and Strep, which we offer across multiple testing platforms, including lab-based systems and hospitals, small desktop devices in urgent care centers and physician offices as well as at-home tests.  
 As we reflect back on the impact of COVID testing efforts over the last few years, it's clear that our success in this area will have a positive, long-lasting impact for the company. It strengthened our strategic position in diagnostics through the expansion of our installed base of instruments, including ID NOW, our wrap point-of-care molecular testing platform and through the opening of new testing channels, such as physician offices and at-home testing. 
 It enabled us to increase investments in priority growth areas across the company, including R&D and commercial initiatives in support of several recent and upcoming new product launches, while at the same time, increasing returns to our shareholders in the forms of dividend growth and share repurchase.  
 And lastly, it further strengthened our overall financial health and balance sheet, which will provide significant strategic flexibility as we look to build and grow the company even further. I'm proud of the role we played in fighting COVID in the last few years. It reinforced our purpose, had a meaningful impact on society and enhanced our long-term strategic position going forward.  
 Turning now to our outlook for 2023. As we announced this morning, we forecast ongoing earnings per share of $4.30 to $4.50. We forecast organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing sales in the high single digits, and we forecast around $2 billion of COVID testing sales for the full year 2023.  
 I'll now provide more details on our results by business area before turning the call over to Bob. And I'll start with Nutrition, where sales declined around 6% in both the fourth quarter and full year as a result of manufacturing disruptions at one of our U.S. infant formula facilities last year. Production at the facility is up and running. And as we've mentioned previously, our initial supply priority was to the WIC, women, infant and children federal food assistance program to ensure underserved participants have access to infant formula.  
 As our manufacturing capacity has continued to recover, we've been able to increase production of our non-WIC brands with a focus on serving the broader infant formula market and building back inventory levels on retail shelves. 
 Turning to Diagnostics, where as expected, sales growth in the fourth quarter was negatively impacted by a year-over-year decline in COVID-19 test sales. COVID testing sales were $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter with rapid testing platforms, including BinaxNOW in the U.S., Panbio internationally, and ID NOW globally compromising approximately 95% of these sales.  
 Excluding COVID testing sales, worldwide diagnostics grew over 11% in the fourth quarter. Growth in the quarter was led by rapid diagnostics where excluding COVID-19 tests, sales increased 30% compared to the prior year. As I mentioned earlier, during the pandemic, we significantly expanded the installed base of ID NOW and open new testing channels. This expanded footprint drove strong growth and supported testing needs when flu and other respiratory infection surged late last year. During this past year, we continued the rollout of Alinity, our innovative suite of diagnostic instruments and expand test menus across our platforms for immunoassay, clinical chemistry and molecular testing.  
 Moving to Established Pharmaceuticals or EPD, where sales increased 8% in the fourth quarter and over 10% for the full year. EPD continues to perform at a high level, having carved out an attractive growth space in the global pharmaceutical market, specifically our geographic focus on fast-growing emerging markets with a broad portfolio targeting attractive therapeutic areas. Strong performance in the quarter was led by double-digit growth across several geographies, including India, China, Brazil and Mexico.  
 And I'll wrap up with medical devices where sales grew 7.5% in the fourth quarter and 8% for the full year. Growth in both the quarter and full year was led by double-digit growth in Electrophysiology, Structural Heart and Diabetes Care in the U.S. Internationally, sales growth was negatively impacted by COVID surges in China during the fourth quarter as well as lingering supply challenges in a couple of areas. 
 In Diabetes Care, fourth quarter sales of FreeStyle Libre, our market-leading continuous glucose monitoring system grew over 40% in the U.S. and global Libre sales reached $4.3 billion for the full year 2022. We continue to strengthen our medical device portfolio with numerous pipeline advancements and launches, including recent U.S. regulatory approvals of Aveir, our highly innovative leadless pacemaker used to treating people with slow heart rhythms, Eterna the smallest implantable, rechargeable spinal cord stimulation system currently available in the market for the treatment of chronic pain. FreeStyle Libre 3, which provides continuous glucose readings in the world's smallest and most accurate wearable sensor. Libre was recently named the best medical technology of the last 50 years by Galien Foundation. And finally, Navitor our latest generation transcatheter aortic heart valve replacement system.  
 So in summary, 2022 was another highly successful year for Abbott. We're optimistic about the early signs we're seeing of an improving operating environment and excited about the growth opportunities that lie ahead for all of our businesses, and we continue to strengthen our overall strategic position with a steady cadence of innovative technologies that are either in the early stages of launching or expected to launch over the course of this year.  
 I'll now turn over the call to Bob. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. Turning to our results. Sales decreased 6.1% on an organic basis in the quarter. COVID testing-related sales were $1.1 billion in the quarter, which, while stronger than the forecast provided back in October, reflect a year-over-year decline versus sales in the fourth quarter of the prior year. Excluding both COVID testing-related sales and U.S. infant formula sales that were impacted by manufacturing disruptions last year in our Nutrition business. Total Abbott sales increased 7.1% on an organic basis in the fourth quarter and 7.4% for the full year 2022.  
 Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 5.9% on fourth quarter sales, which resulted in a somewhat favorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at the time of our earnings call in October as we saw the dollar weaken a bit late last year.  
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L for the quarter, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.6% of sales, which reflects the impact of the nutrition manufacturing disruptions and inflation we've experienced on certain manufacturing and distribution costs across our businesses. Adjusted R&D investment was 6.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 28% of sales in the fourth quarter. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full year 2023. Today, we issued guidance for full year ongoing earnings per share of $4.30 to $4.50. For the year, we forecast organic sales growth excluding the impact of COVID testing-related sales to be in the high single digits. We forecast COVID testing-related sales of around $2 billion with around $750 million forecasted in the first quarter. Based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 1% on our reported full year sales, which includes an expected unfavorable impact of approximately 3% on our first quarter reported sales.  
 We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio for the full year of approximately 56% of sales. Also for the year, we forecast R&D investment of around $2.5 billion and SG&A investment of around $11 billion, which reflects investments to support several ongoing and upcoming new product launches and strategic growth initiatives. We forecast net interest expense of around $300 million, nonoperating income of around $450 million and a full year adjusted tax rate of approximately 14% for the year.  
 As Robert mentioned, the strength and resiliency of our business, particularly since the start of the pandemic has allowed us to concurrently invest in our strategic priorities, provide strong return to our shareholders and further strengthen our financial health, which provides a strong base on which to grow the company going forward.  
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Robert, maybe to kick it off, I appreciate the guidance, but there's a lot of moving parts through the different business lines with macro involved with a lot of new product launches involved. Maybe you could just build up how we should be thinking about how you came up with the guidance range on both the top and bottom lines given all the moving parts? 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean there's obviously a macro environment here that's been complex, and you've mentioned it. And as I said -- as I said in my remarks, and I think they've gotten significantly better versus where we were in October when -- on our last earnings call. So I think that we've factored some of that improvement and some of that stabilization in there. I mean, I don't necessarily think that we've got too many moving parts here. I mean obviously, we run a -- the company has got a lot of business and business segments. But I mean, if you look at really the 2 areas I would say, Robbie, that kind of have had this effect of maybe sometimes distorting the results a little bit is our COVID testing business and the impact of the recall products last year, right?  
 So from a COVID perspective in 2022, we actually sold more tests than we sold in 2021, and then obviously, the impact of Recall products, that was a negative. Both of those flip next year. So if you take those out of the equation, you kind of go back to what we were growing pre-pandemic, right, which was top tier, high single digits, 7% to 8% growth. That's what we grew in 2022, again excluding COVID and the impact of the recall products. And then if you take that comp out on the recall product side this year as we return to market, and look at the base business, obviously, without the COVID testings, we're going to be growing high single digits, probably at a higher end of that pre-pandemic rate, probably 8-plus percent.  
 So I think it starts with the top line. And that's probably the #1 part of our guidance is obviously making sure that we feel that our top line is taking advantage of all the good parts, all the good product launches, et cetera, that we have. And from that perspective, I think a lot of what we're doing kind of supports that ongoing -- that ongoing high single-digit growth rate. 
 If you look at our device portfolio, we'll be looking at high single-digit growth rate, low double-digit growth rate, a combination of both kind of recovery, the steady recovery procedures that we're seeing combined with all these product launches that we've got lined up that will ultimately have a full year impact, whether it's Libre 3, Amulet, Aveir, Navitor, CardioMEMS, Eterna on the neuromodulation side, our mapping system in EP, we're going to launch a new ablation catheter.  
 So the device portfolio is well set up to be able to drive those high single -- sorry, high single-digit, low double-digit growth rate. And I think we're going to continue to see strong performance in EPD. I think as the world continues to reopen, those emerging markets continue to be a great opportunity for us. We've strengthened our position in diagnostics throughout these years, and we'll see continued successful rollout of Alinity in our core molecular diagnostics and recovery and infant formula 2.  
 So I think you put all that in place, our core business, Abbott that we knew pre-pandemic is actually stronger than we were pre-pandemic with the investments that we made. And I think that's the other part of, I guess, in the P&L, if you look at what we've been able to do this year is because of COVID and the investments that we made during COVID in these growth areas, we're able to drive this high single-digit growth across the company with a fairly flat investment line, whether it's R&D and SG&A. So really getting the leverage across the businesses.  
 So I mean, I think it really starts with our top line and the confidence we have and the products we're launching, the pipeline, the position we have. And then COVID, we forecast about $2 billion next year, and I think that's the right number right now. Obviously, we see kind of society transitioning here. We've got a strong installed base. We've got manufacturing capacity. We haven't factored in any kind of real surge but if that happens, we do have the capacity to be able to do that.  
 So I'd say those are some of the moving pieces there. But fundamentally, we're in a real strong position in terms of our long-term growth opportunities, leading positions in these attractive growth areas, strong pipeline, which I'm sure we'll get into some of them and a strong balance sheet. So that's how this has been constructed, and I think that we're in a good position here. 
Robert Marcus: Great. Really helpful. Maybe one for Bob. You gave us the full year guide and you gave some commentary down the P&L, which is really helpful. But how should we be thinking about some of the quarterly cadence here? How FX flows, what is FX on the bottom line? And how did that compare to '22? And any just things we should be thinking about first half versus second half on the P&L? 
Robert Funck: Yes. So if you think about the kind of the cadence of our business for 2023, it really starts with the top line and some of the things that Robert kind of talked about. First, we have a lot of the new product launch activity, especially in our medical device businesses. You got products that either launched last year, we'll be launching this year. I'm sure we'll talk about some of those on the call today. So you'll see the impact of those launches kind of grow over the course of the year, kind of feather into that top line.  
 Secondly, we are seeing a steady improvement in procedure trends in the U.S. and Europe. We've been seeing that and we expect to continue to see kind of a steady improvement there on procedure trends over the course of the year. In our Nutrition business, we will see improvement as we continue to supply the market, in particular, the non-WIC segment of the infant formula market in the U.S. And so will recover share there. And so we'll have the impact of that over the course of the year.  
 For China, Robbie, I'd say we've assumed a softer start in Q1 given some of the dynamics there at the start of this year, but we anticipate that will improve over the course of the year. And so all those changes -- all those impacts on the top line as that builds over the course of the year will flow through to earnings as Robert talked about we're going to get leverage in the middle here. And so for the first quarter, we're -- we think earnings will be approximately $1, and then we'll build from there.  
 On your question on foreign exchange, rates have improved a bit recently, but exchange is still a headwind, particularly on earnings. At current rates, as I said in my opening remarks, exchange is approximately a 1% headwind on sales. EPS, it's a little bit more than $0.30 headwind for us in 2023. The fall-through impact move like we have seen over the last year is always complex. Translation is just a piece of the impact. And while that has improved from where we were a few months ago, it still remains a headwind. One of the biggest drivers that we're seeing is the impact from our hedging program.  
 We realized pretty significant hedging gains last year that won't repeat this year. And you can really see the impact of those hedging gains on our 2022 results. Last year, there was a pretty significant exchange headwind on sales, a little over 5% or $2.1 billion, but a fairly modest impact on earnings, it was less than $0.10. And that was really the benefit we realized last year on those hedging gains that won't repeat in 2023. That's not a unique dynamic that we're seeing. We're seeing that from some other multinationals as well. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Robert, I feel compelled to ask about Libre again, just given how important it is. So maybe I'd like to hear from you the outlook for 2023. How should we think about worldwide growth? Can it exceed 20% this year? And can you talk about international, where you've been negatively impacted by the supply issues and the transition to Libre 3 in Germany, when do you expect those issues to be resolved? And just the growth drivers like basal and the vitamin C, resolution, what are some of the growth drivers to look forward to this year for Libre? And I had one follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure, Larry. Well, I think Libre had another great year, full year growth of over 21% strong growth in the U.S. over 42% and international kind of grew in those mid-teens number. We were impacted a little bit by back orders, as you said, on the international side. And I'd say probably a little bit more on our early generation products so kind of Libre 1 was that. We had a significant improvement in that situation in Q4. I expect 1 or 2 more months of until we can completely resolve that, but a significant improvement over there on our international performance.  
 I think one of the key things on the international side is it was a little bit of this supply chain on chips that we had, like that I said, is mostly behind us. The other part of it is the upgrade cycle, right? And when you go with an accelerated upgrade cycle versus with Libre 3 that we did from Libre 2 in some of our key markets, when we went from Libre 1 to Libre 2, we let that upgrade kind of somewhat happen naturally. And that takes about 1.5 years, 2 years to a complete. For Libre 3, we wanted to go more aggressively in some of these markets. So that takes our sales force away from new demand generation to making sure that we can get the scripts and do all the behind-the-scenes work for those upgrades.  
 So that's -- I would say that's still ongoing, but I'd call it about 80% to 85% complete. So then that allows us starting now in 2023 on the international side to start kind of driving new additions here. So I'd say, I expect continued growth in the U.S. in terms of market expansion, basal opportunity, I think, is a great opportunity, and I think it will start in the U.S. But I think we're seeing that also internationally. And now that we've got the supply chain issue largely behind us, and the upgrade cycle, again, largely behind us, we can forecast our demand generation activities on new users.  
 So I think that, that's one key driver of growth for us. Can we see a path for another 20% growth in 2023? Yes, I can. And I think there's a lot of opportunities of growth. I think one of them that you mentioned being the basal expansion is a significant opportunity. I think we've been leading the charge over here, Larry, in terms of generating the clinical data that's required to be able to support reimbursement. It will start, I think, in the U.S., but I don't think it will be a U.S.-only phenomenon. 
 But in the U.S., we'll probably start first. You've got about 4 million type 2 basal patients, in the U.S., about 1/3 of them are Medicare. And even if you assume a reasonable market penetration, you also have to assume difference in annual utilization rates versus type 1 an MDI or a pumper. But even if you take all that into consideration, the opportunity starts with a $1 billion and it can range depending on the speed and the uptake of that.  
 So I think this is a great growth opportunity. And like I said, I don't think it's a U.S.-only situation. I think this is going to start to expand across the world, given the clinical data that you see with Libre and the impact that it has. So I think this is another great opportunity for us. 
 The vitamin C issue that you asked, we've submitted our response. We're working with the FDA on this, and I'm not going to try and forecast that approval. But what I would say is that as soon as that gets approved, then we'll start to see the product with a couple of quarters connect to ID pump systems. We have already launched a connected ID system, AID system in Europe, initial results of the receptivity of that product -- of that combined product in Europe has been very favorable. So I think that's another key growth driver for us in 2023.  
 And then finally, I would say on the pipeline perspective, I don't think it's a 2023 milestone for sales, but I think it's an important development activity for us is going to be the running our trial for the combined glucose-ketone sensor with the FDA and generating the data to support a dual sensor because I think, again, as I've mentioned, it seems to be the go-to sensor for pumpers will be this ability to measure glucose and ketones and factoring that into the algorithms. So that's going to be -- that's obviously having a lot of focus of us in terms of running that trial.  
 And then finally, I would say, outside of Libre, the lingo platform is another kind of key growth driver for us. I've talked about expanding Libre, the Libre platform outside of diabetes and using this more broadly for a much more broader target. We have a separate team that's been working on that development, Larry. We will be launching 2 Lingo products this year. 
 In Europe, I'd say the first one will probably be in the first half of this year and the second one in the second half. So I've talked about Libre being a $10 billion product by 2028 that implies a 15% annual growth rate. We'll do better than that this year. And I think the opportunities we have to be able to drive to that kind of revenue for this product are very real.  
 And I think we've been executing very strongly on all these areas. 
Larry Biegelsen: That's super helpful. Just one brief follow-up. You talked about being excited about the TriClip opportunity at JPMorgan. I think it was just a month. I know it's limited in what you can say because you're presenting the TRILUMINATE data at ACC. But how are you thinking about that opportunity relative to mitral? Do you still -- and do you still expect approval in the U.S. by year-end '23? 
Robert Ford: I think it's a great opportunity for us. And I think that we've shown that we're definitely here one of the leaders when it comes to clip-based heart valve repair market. And do I think it's -- do I think it's -- it could be bigger than mitral? I'm not sure I would go that far yet. 
 But I would say that the uptake of the tricuspid repair market, I think, will be faster than the uptake for the mitral just because I think when Mitra was launched, it was the first repair system and now you have a large group of implanting physicians that are familiar with the clip technology are familiar with mapping that clip technology and the procedure. We did make some changes to the delivery device for the clip, it's a little different anatomy, a little bit more challenging to get there with the clip in the tricuspid area. But I think that it's a great opportunity.  
 I mean, I think there's 3 million people today that suffer from tricuspid regurgitation. There's not a lot of really good options available for treatment which is why we invested in the trial here in the U.S. to bring products to the trial. Like you said, we're going to be presenting that in a couple of months. And I think it's a great opportunity for us. We've already seen real nice traction of that in Europe. We launched that in 2021. The team wanted to launch it right in COVID. 
 And I must say at the beginning, I was somewhat against that but they proved me wrong and the product's done really well in Europe. So I think this is another great opportunity for us here in the U.S., too. So we're not ignoring MitraClip, it's part of our entire portfolio. And I think the combination of those 2 products in the implanting physician will be very powerful for Abbott. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Josh Jennings from Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: Robert, I was hoping just to follow up on Larry's question just on Libre, but just thinking more kind of in the out years and this $10 billion target that you've set. I think maybe just -- I think you outlined everything for 2023, probably holds true for over the next 5 years. But just if you could reiterate your confidence we're not in that $10 billion out-year target? And just you expect consolidation between pump and CGM companies. And maybe it would be just great to hear strategic rationale of whether a combined pump CGM offering under one roof would be advantageous for either Abbott or another company? 
 And then the second question is just on Navitor and the launch here in the United States. What would represent a win for Abbott from a U.S. share gain perspective? And what segment is the low-hanging fruit considering the current label? Is it the elderly patients that don't have a long life expectancy that are high risk or even intermediate risk and how do you expect the Navitor launch to play out and add to the macro device growth in 2023? 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I mean, I guess on Libre, to your question on how to get to $10 billion by 2028, I mean, the math will say 15%, right. How do you get 15%. I mean there are real 3 key areas, and I talked a little bit about them. But I'd say, first of all, it's to continue to have a dominant share in the heavy insulin user segment. We have that today with the non-pumpers with the MDI both in the U.S. and globally, internationally. So the real focus there becomes, okay, how do we focus now on the pumper segment and the connectivity over there. And like I said, I think we'll do that with a little bit of catch-up with Libre 2 in terms of what is currently offered in the market. 
 But then to leapfrog that, I think the combined sensor, glucose-ketone sensor is ultimately the way we'll play. And we'll see what pump company is going to want to line up to be first on that connectivity if and once we get that approval because again, I continue to hear from KOLs the importance of that product for the pumper segment. So the second part is the basal expansion. 
 And like I said, you can look at the basal population globally, assume a certain rate globally, a certain utilization rate, and that adds a significant amount of growth to that number. And then the third piece of that is really expanding Libre beyond just diabetes and looking at the Lingo platform. So the adding up and the execution of those strategies are what ultimately gives us confidence that we can get there and we can sustain that 15% growth rate over the next kind of 5 years. 
 Regarding your questions on pumps, listen, I think that it's an important segment. It's one that benefits quite significantly from a combined system. We're now -- we're focusing more aggressively on that. As it relates to an all in one, I think the market has spoken in terms of -- the pumpers want choice. They want to be able to choose what is the best sensor pump combination. And so I think right now, my view on that is the consumers have spoken, the market has spoken, the regulators spoken, they want that interchangeability. And I think that our focus will be on providing the best sensor for the pump systems that are out there. 
 So that's -- I think I covered your Libre questions. I think you had a question on Navitor. Listen, we're excited about this. It's a large market. It's a large segment here in the U.S., it's about $3 billion. Our label is about 50% -- sorry, it's about 50% of the market because we're only approved right now for the high-risk patients. But it's got a strong clinical profile. I mean we'll be sharing data at CRP specifically to this, but I mean we've already released some data on it last year comparing it to other valve systems. So I think that we've been very intentional about wanting to enter this market and to do it in a way that is sustainable. 
 Expectations, I mean, I've talked a little bit about this. There's obviously 2 pretty well entrenched players in the U.S. market. do I think that we can be a leader in 3, 4, 5 years, I think that might be difficult. But I think that we can come into this market and offer another choice, another opportunity that provides additional benefits or differentiated benefits versus other systems that allow us to pick up share. 
 If I look at where we are in Europe, we launched this in Europe, and we have high single-digit share in Europe. And we're not in all centers, we're in about half of the market. In the centers that we are implanted and available, our shares in the mid-teens. So you put that together, we're high single, but where we're competing, we're in the mid-teens. So I think this will be a ramp. I think we've got the sales force in place. We want to roll this out in a way that allows us to be sustainable in that strategy of being able to be a double-digit share gain over the next couple of years. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. 
JoanneWuensch: I have 2. The first one has to do with Nutrition. And if you could outline where the company is in terms of the recovery and when do you think it will return to growth? And then the second question has to do with the use of cash, what are your thoughts on it and where you are on share repurchases? 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, on Nutrition, as I said in the opening statements, production at Sturgis is up and running. The team is working around-the-clock, nonstop, very hard. Number 1 focus here, as I said, was to serve the customers, get product back on shelves. We started with WIC. The inventory levels on our WIC contracts are very good as we entered into Q4, and we then started to focus on our non-WIC brands, and that's progressed very well in the fourth quarter. 
 And as we go into this year, looking very good. So I would say, if you look at our growth rate, obviously, you've got this year-over-year comp. You're going to see the growth already in Q1, Joanne, right, because we were impacted last year in February. But I guess the right way to look at this is, okay, strip away the comp, strip away where this year-over-year effect of coming back on the market, et cetera, I expect our business -- our overall nutrition business to be growing at that pre-pandemic level between 4% and 6%. 
 Our market shares in WIC have largely recovered, and we're seeing a nice cadence of recovery in the non-WIC share here in the U.S. So I think you'll start to see that growth rate already on the print in Q1, obviously, in Q2 and Q3. But the important thing here is we're looking at our share and the share recovery is very much in line with our forecast that we've set for the full year. I'd like to see our market share get back to pre-pandemic levels by the end of the year. I'm sorry, what was your other question? 
JoanneWuensch: Use of cash and whether -- where would you stand on share repurchases? 
Robert Ford: Sure. While use of cash talked about this. We've taken this balanced approach. I'd say if I were to kind of rank it in terms of use of cash, we're committed to growing a dividend, a strong and growing dividend. So that's probably #1 use of cash. We announced that increase of about 9% in our dividend last year. So that's I'll say is priority number one. 
 Number 2 is obviously ensuring that all of these new products that we've got launching are appropriately resourced in terms of manufacturing and a lot of our CapEx investments. On the buybacks, we did throughout the first 9 months of last year, we had about $3 billion of buybacks. And I'd say, we probably did a little bit of catch-up there, Joanne, in terms of catching up to some of the dilution as we were focusing on getting our leverage down post acquisition. So we do a little bit of catch-up there. 
 And I'd say in terms of buybacks going forward, we'll be contemplating them and they'll be largely focused on offsetting any kind of dilution that we have this year. I'd say the other kind of key use here for us this year is going to be debt. We have some debt towers coming up, and we're not going to be renegotiating those just given interest rates. We want to move those off. So that's probably where you see the use of cash. 
 On the M&A side, which I know is always a question, so I'll preempt anybody over there who's got that on their list. I talked about it where -- on several calls, we're interested. We're actively assessing the opportunities, whether it's tuck-in on up. Clearly, the valuations here have come down somewhat and I think they need to stabilize a little bit. But we have casted -- we casted a pretty wide net. Diagnostics devices are the areas where we have most interest. 
 And again, if it financially makes sense for our shareholders, and it fits strategically, then we will -- we've got that strategic flexibility in our balance sheet to do that. And we're going to be looking at businesses where we can bring value, whether it's -- whether we can accelerate sales, whether we can enhance an R&D program or enhance its probably success, a growth area that we can build and have a path to building a position or even if it's just to augment our own existing pipeline. I think when we've taken that approach -- our track record shows that when we've taken that approach, it's largely been very successful for our shareholders. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Robert. Maybe my first question on your organic growth assumptions here. I think I heard 8-plus is a reasonable number for '23. What is that assuming for any impact from China supply chain, any VBP impact? If you could just give us some assumptions around those macro factors that would be helpful. 
Robert Ford: Well, I'll let Bob talk a little bit about some of the potentially other macro factors. But the ones you've just mentioned here. I mean China, it's an important market for us, Vijay. It's an important growth market, and it's good that it's moved to a more kind of reopening play. I think that has not only a big impact for us in China, where we've got a strong position. I mean, we're not overly reliant, I'd say it's about less than 5% of our total sales. But nonetheless, it's an important kind of growth market for us. 
 And I think that reopening in China is going to have a real positive spillover effect in other areas of the world. And I would say, predominantly in Asia, Southeast Asia, where we've got strong position in our EPD and in our Nutrition business and some device areas, too. So I think the overall opening of China is good. Like Bob said, there's going to be some choppiness in the first quarter because we're seeing a lot of cases, hospitalizations, et cetera. But I think as that moves -- starts to move down, I think we'll see a pretty strong rebound in our growth prospects over there.
 So the VBP that you mentioned, yes, I mean, that does have an impact. It's more restricted for 2023 in our electrophysiology business. So we'll feel a little bit of an impact there, but I think that the market opens up for us because of the strategy we took on VBP side. So I think it's net-net, it's going to be positive for us in the long term here, medium, long term in terms of that being an opportunity for us. We've seen this, Vijay. I mean, this happened to us -- this happened in the market with stents in 2019, in our vascular business. That business is back to what I would call pre VBP levels this year. So there's an impact. 
 In that case, we didn't necessarily win some of the contracts. In the case of VBP, we did win the contracts, so -- or a portion of the contract. So I'd say macro, yes, we've got some of these headwinds that we've talked about FX. I think Bob has already talked about it, inflation. But all those seem to be easing off a little bit and the recovery of the procedures and the pipeline and the product launch is a key growth driver for us. 
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And then Bob, one for you on the gross margins you're at 56%. That's a step down year-on-year. When I look at pre-pandemic, you guys were at 59%. Is there a simple bridge Bob on how much of this has been inflation, you did spoke for hedging impact. Is that all hitting your gross margin line? And why shouldn't inflationary pressures improve? And when can we start seeing gross margins creep back up to pre-pandemic levels? 
Robert Funck: Yes. So the -- as I said in my opening remarks around 56% for the year. That's a modest step-up kind of from where we exited last year. As you would expect, Vijay, in this environment, there's a lot of different dynamics that multinationals are facing. We've got some headwinds. We've talked about those inflationary impact, how that flows through, including the inventory we built last year that will be sold this year. We talked about currency where we're going to -- we're not going to see a repeat of those hedging gains that we had in '22. So that's a -- that's a bit of a headwind there. 
 On the positive side, I'd say the recovery we're forecasting in the U.S. infant nutrition business will contribute positively. And as that recovery occurs over the course of the year that will have a more positive impact. We also have gross margin improvement programs across all of our businesses that will help to offset some of those headwinds. And we're taking price where we can, I'd say, in our more consumer-facing businesses. 
 And then finally, I'd say just the kind of from a mix standpoint, as we continue to see an acceleration in our medical device business with some of these new product launches. Those are higher gross margins than the overall company, and that will positively contribute to our gross margin. If you -- to your question about kind of where we pre pandemic in what we're guiding to this year kind of I'd say the biggest impact on a cumulative basis has really been inflation. And that's really the -- I'd say the big difference here in terms of where we're guiding right now, and where we were pre-pandemic. But as we continue to see an acceleration from a mix standpoint and continue to work at some of our costs, we'd expect over time to see that gross margin to continue to improve. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Travis Steed from Bank of America. 
Travis Steed: Just a follow-up to Vijay's question. On the inflation piece, is that still $1 billion baked into the $4.40 guidance? I just want to make sure I understand what's baked in on the gross margin line. And then anything to call out on the 2023 operating margin expansion some of the moving parts to get the op margin expansion there. It looks like 22% is kind of what's implied by the guide? 
Robert Funck: Yes. So yes, on the gross -- on the operating margin, yes, we're around 22% kind of where we were pre-pandemic. We're getting the high single-digit growth on the top line kind of in the -- excluding the COVID testing. We're getting leverage down the P&L, which Robert talked about, where we were able forward invest over the last couple of years. So we're going to get leverage in the expense area, and that gets you to around 22% op margin. 
 In terms of inflation, we are going to see a carryover impact from last year, still pretty meaningful. But we've been able to mitigate a good portion of that through both our gross margin improvement programs that we have across our businesses as well as taking some price where we can. 
Travis Steed: Okay. That's helpful. And a couple of product questions on EP. I think you mentioned the new EP catheter mapping system. I know that was new, maybe I missed that in the past. I'm curious how you're thinking about pulsed-filed ablation and the impact on your EP business. And then the other product question was on Libre. The Vitamin C, is that on Libre 2 or Libre 3 just want to understand the pathway to get vitamin C on Libre 3 and the timing there? 
Robert Ford: Sure. On the Libre 3, Vit C, I mean it's going to start off with Libre 2. So we want to get that done first, and then we'll progress on to Libre 3. So focus right now is on Libre 2 and then we'll move to Libre 3. 
 On your question on EP, yes, I mean, I think the new catheter that we've launched Japan and start to launch in Europe towards the end of last year as our TactiFlex, which is really using contact sports together with the flexible tip that we had in our flex catheter. So the feedback we've got in that is really, really positive. So I think the combination here of our enhanced new mapping system together with our market-leading mapping catheter in HD grid and now bringing TactiFlex. That combination is very powerful. 
 Regarding PSA, it's definitely an area of interest. We've been investing in it. We actually had 2 internal programs, had a bake off and saw the one that we felt stronger about, taking some of the learnings that we're seeing from the current on-market products. And there's obviously some trialing that's ongoing right now, but I would say it's a growth opportunity. It's an interesting area. I think it's still too early to say in terms of will the market move completely over to this technology or not. I think it's important to have it and hence, why we're investing in our program and incorporating into our R&D program, all of a sudden of the deficiencies that we've heard from some of the market products are the ones that are being put in development right now. 
 So important area -- important investment area for us in EP definitely benefited from kind of the investments that we made during COVID. And I think it's an important product to have. It's ability to convert, I think it will convert a portion of the market. My sense is cryo was probably the first one. But how much of cryo still up to see, but definitely an interesting area for investment. 
Robert Funck: We'll take one more question. 
Operator: And our last question will come from Matt Miksic from Barclays. 
Matthew Miksic: I figure maybe just if we can wrap it up with an update on a couple of the pipeline products, the 5 products, Robert, that you've highlighted in the past, Amulet and CardioMEMS, maybe if you could just talk a little bit about where you are with these launches in terms of size, scale, momentum and maybe what kinds of catalysts we can look for or metrics we can see for these 2 products this year? 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean I think those 5 products that I discussed on the last call, and we talked about them exiting at an annual run rate of [ 500 ]. They actually exited at a run rate of [ 550 ] and they grew around -- they grew around 100%. So I expect those 5 products to kind of have maybe not 100%, but pretty high growth rate in next -- in this year. 
 Regarding Amulet, listen, I think it's -- like I said, it's a great space. We've been rolling out the product last year, building the sales force. Key focus here is obviously ensuring good implanting technique with the physicians. We're in about 225 accounts right now. I expect that in terms of growth catalysts, getting more share of those existing accounts as the physicians become more and more accustomed to using our product and see the benefits of using our product versus other systems I think that will be a growth catalyst and then expanding. We do want to start to expand more. As our sales force has increased, the competency of our sales team has increased and our clinical team has increased, we feel more confident now to be able to kind of expand more accounts. And that's what we'll be focused on. 
 Another key catalyst of growth here is obviously the trial that we've been investing on in catalysts, which is to compare Amulet to novel oral anticoagulant. So that's another opportunity. It's not one in 2023, but continuing that enrollment in that trial is an important driver for kind of the long-term growth strategy here of Amulet. 
 CardioMEMS has done very good. We saw an indication expansion last year in the U.S., seen a nice step-up in sales. I think it's a great long-term opportunity. I think it's part of those 5 products that are driving a lot of growth. And I'd say probably the next kind of big area, I mean, we've been investing in Salesforce and rolling this out. Next big area here is working on that NCD. I think that will remove some of maybe some regional hang-ups in terms of reimbursement. So the NCD is something that we're going to be working on this year with the data that we've collected as part of all of our trials. So I think they look very strong as part of that group of 5 products. 
 I'd like to close up the call here. Just a few remarks. The operating environment still remains challenging, right? But it's not as challenging as we saw back in Q3 of 2022 in October. There are definitely signs here of stability. There are signs of improvement, whether it's in the macroeconomic side or whether it's specifically in the segments that we are competing in. And Abbott is well positioned. We're well positioned to both capitalize on this improving environment or to navigate if there's any unforeseen volatility over here. That's what our portfolio has been built for. That's what our balance sheet is set up for. It's set up for these kind of situations and these kind of scenarios. 
 We always knew that pandemic level testing was not a base case. We knew that eventually this would move down to an endemic-like testing. And we're -- our view here is that in 2023, we'll start this process of moving to that and -- so as a result of that, we did do this forward investing into our growth areas, whether it's devices, diagnostics, certain areas in EPD or nutrition. And that's allowed us to grow at the pre-pandemic level, this high single-digit top-tier growth without having to make the OpEx investment that you would expect to be able to sustain that growth. 
 So we're getting that flow through on the P&L and net leverage on our investments. I do recognize the cost pressures. The company recognized those cost pressures. We talked about this now. To Vijay's question, we're going to be working relentlessly on getting our gross margin back to that pre-pandemic level, and it's a combination of working in our cost profiles and our GMI programs, but also as we accelerate the growth in our device business, that mix shift contributes to that. And finally, our balance sheet is strong and provides us the strategic flexibility we need to navigate. And we take this balanced approach where we can provide returns to our shareholders, while at the same time, investing for the long term. 
 So thank you for being on the call. Overall, I think Abbott is very well positioned as we kind of exit this kind of pandemic state and move into more of an endemic state. I think we're well positioned and now it's all about execution. 
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-18 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions.  
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2022. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K the year ended December 31, 2021. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.  
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note that Abbott has not provided the GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis because the company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates which could impact reported sales growth. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange.  
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us.  
 Today, we reported results of another strong quarter, including ongoing earnings per share of $1.15. Based on our performance through the first 9 months of the year, we increased our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to $5.17 to $5.23, which is more than 10% higher than the initial guidance flow we provided back in January.  
 As you know, the macroeconomic conditions remain challenging. Inflation continues to be a stubborn force globally, but we've started to see some moderating impacts in certain areas of our businesses compared to earlier in the year. At the same time, the U.S. dollar has continued to strengthen, including throughout the most recent quarter. COVID remains as unpredictable as ever with intermittent surges continuing throughout the world. And lastly, global supply chain dynamics, staffing shortages continued to impact our health care markets, though we're seeing steady signs of improvements.  
 Over the last few months, we've made progress in several important areas following the temporary shutdown of our infant formula manufacturing plant in Sturgis, Michigan earlier this year. We restarted production at Sturgis in July with a focus on our EleCare and other specialty infant formulas. And in September, we began production of several Similac products, which we expect will begin to reach retail store shelves over the coming weeks.  
 We also boosted production in our global network to increase infant formula supply to the U.S. In fact, we delivered roughly the same volume of formula to our U.S. customers this past quarter as we did during the 3 months prior to the recall. Our #1 supply priority was to the WIC, Women, Infant and Children, federal food assistance program to ensure that underserved participants would have access to infant formula.  
 During the quarter, we also made leadership changes, both at our Sturgis site and in our prior organization, and we concluded a month-long investigation into the accusations that were made by a former employee. The investigation, which included extensive document reviews and interviews, concluded that the allegations about quality were unfounded. And during the quarter, the same former employee dropped the federal OSHA complaint.  
 And lastly, we conducted an analysis of the U.S. infant formula market and concluded that this country would benefit from more manufacturing capacity and redundancy. As such, we're moving forward with plans for a $0.5 billion investment in a new U.S. nutrition facility for specialty and metabolic infant formulas. We're currently in the final stages of determining the site location and will work with regulators and other experts to ensure this facility is state-of-the-art and sets a new standard for infant formula production. We recognize there's more to do, but feel confident in the progress we're making, and I want to thank all the Abbott employees that have been working around the clock on this matter.  
 I'll now summarize our third quarter results for our remaining businesses in more detail before turning the call over to Bob. And I'll start with Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, where sales increased more than 12% in the quarter. Strong performance was led by double-digit growth across several countries, including India, China, Brazil and Vietnam, along with broad-based strength across several therapeutic areas. EPD has now achieved double-digit organic sales growth since the beginning of last year, fueled by a steady cadence of new product launches and strong commercial execution. And EPD has also expanded its profitability profile over the same time period, which is quite unique given the current macroeconomic headwinds.  
 Moving to Diagnostics, where COVID test sales of $1.7 billion were significantly higher than expectations but lower compared to last year, which resulted in a modest decline in sales growth overall. The decline in COVID test sales compared to last year was driven by lower demand for laboratory-based tests. Whereas demand for our rapid tests, which include BinaxNOW, Panbio and ID NOW continues to be strong, with sales this past quarter at a similar amount to the third quarter of last year.  
 Rapid tests have proven to be very important and highly practical tools. They provide a quick and affordable way to test COVID almost anywhere and at any time, whether you're experiencing symptoms or just want to know your status before attending events or gatherings. Excluding COVID testing revenues, sales of routine diagnostic tests grew 6% in the quarter overall and even faster internationally, fueled by the continued global rollout of our Alinity instrument for immunoassay, clinical chemistry and molecular testing.  
 Lastly, I'll wrap up with Medical Devices, where sales grew 6.5% in the quarter globally. In the U.S., sales growth of approximately 11.5% was led by strong double-digit growth in Electrophysiology, Structural Heart and Diabetes Care. During the quarter in the U.S., cardiovascular procedure volumes were somewhat soft in July before strengthening in August and September. Internationally, in addition to similar procedure volume trends, sales were negatively impacted by intermittent COVID lockdowns in China as well as supply constraints in certain areas, most notably in Electrophysiology.  
 In Diabetes Care, sales of FreeStyle Libre exceeded $1 billion in the quarter, and our user base expanded to approximately 4.5 million users globally. In the U.S., where sales grew more than 40%, we initiated the full launch of Libre 3, which automatically delivers up to the minute glucose readings with unsurpassed accuracy in the world's smallest and thinnest wearable sensor.  
 Internationally, organic sales growth was impacted by a couple of transitory items, including supply constraints on Libre 1 in certain emerging markets, which we expect to improve over the next couple of months. And secondly, a strategic choice we made in Germany to rapidly transition our large existing user base to our latest generation Libre 3 system, which temporarily reduced our focus on new user additions during the quarter in that country. We already transitioned well over half of our users with the vast majority of the remaining users expected to move to Libre 3 by year-end.  
 This move strategically fortifies our leadership position in the second largest continuous glucose monitoring market in the world and further enhances our already strong strategic position as we work to bring the benefits of Libre to more and more people, including those with type 2 diabetes that are not reliant on insulin to manage their disease.  
 So in summary, despite the challenging environment, we achieved another strong quarter that significantly surpassed expectations which reflects the strength of our diversified business model and execution. And based on our strong performance for the first 9 months of the year, we're once again raising our EPS guidance for the year.  
 I'll now turn the call to Bob. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange.  
 Turning to our results. Sales increased 1.3% on an organic basis in the quarter. COVID testing-related sales were $1.7 billion, which while stronger than anticipated, reflect a year-over-year decline versus sales in the third quarter of last year. Additionally, organic sales growth was negatively impacted by a temporary shutdown of manufacturing at our nutrition plant in Sturgis, Michigan earlier this year. Excluding COVID testing-related sales and the U.S. sales impacted by the temporary manufacturing shutdown, total Abbott sales increased 6% on an organic basis in the third quarter.  
 Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 6% on third quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar continue to strengthen versus several currencies, which resulted in a slightly more unfavorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at the time of our earnings call in July.  
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.9% of sales, which reflects the impacts of the nutrition manufacturing disruption and inflation we've experienced on certain manufacturing and distribution costs across our businesses. Adjusted R&D investment was 6.1% of sales, and adjusted SG&A investment was 25.9% of sales in the third quarter.  
 Lastly, our third quarter adjusted tax rate was 18.1%, which reflects an adjustment to align our year-to-date tax rate with our revised full year effective tax rate forecast of 15.5%. The revised full year forecast is modestly higher than the estimate we provided in July due to a shift in the mix of our business and geographic income.  
 Turning to our 2022 outlook. For the full year, we now forecast ongoing earnings per share of $5.17 to $5.23, which is comprised of our year-to-date results through September, plus ongoing earnings per share guidance of $0.86 to $0.92 for the fourth quarter. We forecast total company organic sales growth, excluding the impact of COVID testing-related sales, to be in the mid-single digits for the fourth quarter.  
 Excluding U.S. sales impacted by the temporary manufacturing disruption, we forecast fourth quarter organic sales growth to be in the mid-to-high single digits for the remainder of our combined businesses, which includes Medical Devices, Established Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostics, excluding COVID testing-related sales, and areas of nutrition, not impacted by the disruption. We forecast COVID testing-related sales of approximately $500 million, which does not assume a COVID testing surge in the fourth quarter. And lastly, based on current rates, we expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 7% on our fourth quarter reported sales.  
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Great. Congrats on the quarter. Robert, maybe we could start, we're already towards the end of 2022. And I think people's attention are really shifting to next year. Just with so many moving pieces, both in revenues and down the P&L with currency and inflation and COVID testing assumptions and so on. So I was hoping sometimes at this point in the year, you might give us some early thoughts on next year. Anything you can provide to help us narrow the range of outcomes would be great. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean, with all those topics, we could spend the whole call on it, right? So I'll provide as broad framework that I can give you here. Obviously, the macro conditions are going to remain challenging, right, Robbie. I don't think that anybody right now as we're planning going into next year, is forecasting that this is just going to ease up, right? So specifically, I would say probably inflation, I don't expect to get better.  
 And I'd say the currency headwinds are very much kind of in play here for next year, right? Those are probably 2 of the big kind of macro kind of impacts for us. But I still see a lot of opportunity for growth as I have been talking about our business and our portfolio. There's a clear path in my mind here for top line growth of high single digits. And you can get there with a variety of looking at across our businesses.  
 So in Medical Devices, we've got a lot of upcoming launches and products that we have launched. So Libre 3, Amulet, Aveir, CardioMEMS, Navitor, we expect to be launching next year here in the U.S. EnSite X, our mapping system, launching a new ablation catheter into the market globally next year also.  
 I'm probably sure there's more that I could kind of rattle off here in terms of devices. So I think the device portfolio looks very strong as we go into next year. I expect the same kind of growth rate that we're seeing in EPD. I expect to see continued share capture that we're seeing in core diagnostics and then obviously, a strong recovery in U.S. infant nutrition.  
 So like I said, you see that high single-digit growth in the clear path just based looking at how those businesses will perform and how they're performing and the launches that we got upcoming. Then you mentioned COVID, right? And that's the other piece of the business. So high single-digit growth, excluding COVID. COVID is an interesting one, Robbie, where I think over the last couple of years, we've been talking about the sustainability of COVID.  
 Many of you writing that COVID testing will probably go away. And here we are in the third quarter, in the summer months, with a $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion number here in the third quarter. So I think that as we look -- I want to see how the next few months look like. I think Bob made a comment in terms of our forecast for Q4. We haven't really planned for a big win to surge. It's more of an endemic-like forecast for Q4. And I think that's the kind of endemic forecast that we'll see going into 2023.  
 But I think it's -- right now, it's looking like COVID test sales are stickier than most have assumed. So those are the components on the top line. Down the P&L, as I've said, we're going to be taking a close look at our cost structure. We have been. We've increased that over the last couple of years, made the investments. We talked about those investments. And I'm looking to be able to get a lot of leverage out of those investments that we've made historically.  
 And at the top line, the way it's kind of laid out comes through and the leverage falls through, you're going to see that sales growth falling through at, I'd say, pretty healthy margins. Rob is going to invest in the areas that we know we've got good growth and high growth. Those get the investment dollars. I think in the past, a lot of you have written about the big 3 of Abbott, where there was Libre, Alinity and MitraClip and those are still a big contributor to drive a growth.  
 But we've got a new class of products, I guess, I would call them the Fab 5, looking at TriClip, Aveir, Navitor, CardioMEMS and LAA. These products combined are an annual run rate of about $0.5 billion, growing 50% and those will also receive the kind of investments to be able to kind of drive their growth since I think they're, again, in the early innings of growth for us.  
 So we'll look at managing the P&L and our investments in our structures and choosing the areas where we're going to continue to invest. And then other areas, we'll see some of the leverage from the investments that we've made in the past. So as we go into 2023, to say that everything is -- fundamentally nothing has changed. I'd say, true, our markets are still very attractive.  
 We've got leading positions in these very large, high-growth markets. I like the pipeline, and we've got a lot of ongoing and upcoming launch activity. So that, I'd say, hasn't really changed. We're going to have to be mindful, obviously, of the cost structure of some of the inflation pressures and FX challenges we have. And then on top of that, we have a strong balance sheet. And we've talked about that and that provides us a lot of strategic and financial flexibility as we go into next year. So that's probably my best characterization here in the condensed version of 2023. 
Robert Marcus: That's really helpful. And maybe one for Bob. The fourth quarter implied EPS guide came in a little bit lower than the Street. We also saw a much bigger FX headwind. So how should we be thinking about the impact to the bottom line in third quarter? What's implied in fourth quarter? And if we start thinking about our models for next year, Robert gave us the top line considerations. How do we think about FX at current rates heading into next year? 
Robert Funck: Yes, certainly. So we've seen the dollar significantly strengthened this year, including throughout the third quarter. And the biggest moves have been really in developed market currencies, the euro, the pound, the yen. So this is something that most, if not all, multinationals are dealing with and certainly not unique to us. And I think, Robbie, maybe these headwinds are a little bit underappreciated in terms of the impact here.  
 We always are looking to mitigate as best we can, but there's certainly going to be a limit here in terms of what can be done. We try to match our cost, hedging program and take price where appropriate. This year at current rates, our full year headwind is a little bit more than $0.15 in terms of earnings. But about $0.10 of that is happening just in the fourth quarter alone. And so while there are certainly other moving parts, that fourth quarter impact should give you a pretty good feel for the magnitude of headwind that's flowing into next year, particularly in the first 2 to 3 quarters of the year. We'll provide our earnings guidance in January as we always do, and we'll contemplate currency rates at that time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Two product-related questions for me. First, I wanted to start with Libre. A lot going on there, Robert. Obviously, the exciting news this quarter was the type 2 basal LCD from CMS. So I'd love to hear your thoughts on that opportunity. Our back of the envelope math suggests that could be a $1 billion opportunity for Abbott in 5 years. I'd love to hear if you agree. And just lastly, on the vitamin C timing of that resolution and any color -- any additional color you want to provide on Libre. And I did catch in your prepared remarks, you talked about non-insulin patients that was interesting. And I did have one follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure. That's the catch-all Libre question. Let me take the CMS one. So it is very exciting. And if I think about your model, you're probably more aligned maybe to my team, but I think my team is cutting it short in terms of what we could actually do with this indication, and I'll tell you why in a second. But it is pretty significant. I mean, you got 4 million basal patients in the U.S., about 1/3 of them are covered by CMS.  
 So this is probably going to be in terms of the timing of public comments and amount of time it's going to take for CMS to make the decision and then the implementation date, et cetera. So this is probably more of a second half 2023 item, I would say, but it's pretty significant. It's going to expand CGM coverage by about 1.5 million patients on CMS. And as you probably know, Larry, one CMS makes that determination then there's a natural flow that will then move into the private commercial market.  
 So I'm looking at the opportunity of ultimately 4 million patients that will have potential to get some sort of coverage and benefit from the technology. Listen, I think that we've -- it's not surprising from the perspective of this coming up because we've been leading in the generation of data and evidence to support this proposal.  
 I think if you do a lit search on all the studies that have been done on CGM and then segment them between pump studies and basal studies and type 2 studies and type 2 with non-insulin studies, you're going to see that Libre's at the head of all of those type 2 study. So I think this is part of the investments that we've been making clinically to be able to show the evidence and how this benefits a broader population.  
 And then with the value proposition that Libre has, it provides us I think I know what your model is saying. I just think that we'll have a disproportionate share of that. This is a market where, whether it's in the U.S. or in Europe, it predominantly drives around primary care, primary care call point, primary care scale, specifically in the U.S., DMEs.  
 And this is a segment where we do very well. If you do an audit of prescriptions by physician class, Libre has taken about 80% market share of the primary care Rx. So the team has been working on that. So I think it's a great opportunity. And I think this kind of fuels into this notion of this is a much larger market than has historically been contemplated as part of CGM, and that's what our strategy from the moment we enter the market has been thinking about it, right?  
 We're not looking at sprinting quarter-to-quarter, we're looking at this over the long term and making the investments to be able to sustain this kind of growth rate. We announced manufacturing capacity expansions also in the quarter for Diabetes Care because we believe this is a $10 billion franchise by 2028. We believe that we've got pathway between 15 million and 20 million users on this product.  
 So we're resourcing our manufacturing, our scale, our commercial infrastructure, our service, our clinical investments to be able to support what I believe is a significant growth opportunity, and we intend to lead that. I think your other question was on vitamin C. Yes, we have completed the clinical work on the vitamin C. I'll provide updates at the appropriate time.  
 I do recognize that this is an important, I would call short-term, medium-term kind of growth driver for us. If you think about our franchise, it's going to be about basal, type 2 and pump integration. So think of that in the next kind of 2, 3 years of key core growth drivers. And then I'd say, more longer term to get to those numbers, I made an announcement beginning of this year regarding looking at this outside of diabetes on our Lingo franchise, and that will then sustain our growth going forward.  
 So we've made the study. We feel good about the results, and I'll be updating once we have something to update there. We are working on pump integrations outside the United States and we'll have a pump integration launch by end of this year, beginning of next year into Europe with 1 of our pump partners. And I think they're going to benefit a lot from our user base that we have in those countries. 
Larry Biegelsen: Robert, that was super helpful. Just for my follow-up, I'd love to get your reaction to the PASCAL data at TCT and the launch in the U.S. specifically, your thoughts on the greater durability effect they showed with PASCAL. I know we  haven't seen that in the MitraClip registries. And just any update on the locking issue we heard about this quarter. 
Robert Ford: Yes. So it wasn't unexpected. Every time at TCT, there's always an expectation of a landmark study or an approval. So that wasn't unexpected. They got approval for DMR. That's one of the smaller indications, about 1/3 of the market. We've competed with PASCAL internationally already for a couple of years. I expect to see some trialing in the U.S. And the question is going to be how much it is going to stick.  
 Internationally, MitraClip has done very well, and we've held on to a good portion of our share. I think in Europe, we're kind of at that 80-20 split. So I think -- I expect some of those dynamics to play out here in the U.S. And I think MitraClip is going to do very well. Regarding the data set, yes, I mean it was -- I think it was 117 or 120 patients. I think it was maybe versus 63 of MitraClip.  
 I mean we've done over 150,000 implants, Larry. And we've got great data on our products. We do have over 1,000 patients in the registry. I think the data set is pretty small right now. So we're working on our side. We're doing our investments in our clinical trials, investments in product advancements, in MitraClip.  
 I think right now, I think the biggest opportunity is market expansion, and we're going to be driving a lot of that with the FMR indication. I think I said this in the last call, I think that one of the biggest impacts we have, for me, as I looked at our portfolio was regarding COVID was not being able to benefit the FMR indication and the NCD. So I think that's the biggest opportunity we have is market expansion and working to get those referrals network set up and driving that demand for further expansion. So I think it' a locking mechanism -- yes, I think we had -- we took a field action and I think that's so far going okay. I haven't had any kind of issues, supplies back to normal. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. 
JoanneWuensch: I'd like to jump off a little bit from the MitraClip conversation and try and peel apart the double-digit growth in Structural Heart this quarter a little bit stronger than we were looking for. How much of that is MitraClip versus demand for Portico versus maybe something else? And how do you think about developing that segment a little bit further? 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I mean, I think we've talked about how important the Structural Heart portfolio was for us even when we go all the way back to the acquisition of St. Jude and really building this franchise. So we've been intentional about doing that. MitraClip had a good quarter. We had a growth of about 6%. That was impacted a little bit in the U.S. but we had double digit -- almost double-digit growth internationally.  
 So if you kind of then back into that, you could see that some of the other parts of the portfolio are now starting to kind of -- as they're gaining in scale, Joanne, they're starting to have a stronger impact on the portfolio. So Amulet and Navitor internationally, I know you mentioned Portico, but I'd say it's probably more Navitor in Europe that did very well for us, and it continues to do pretty well.  
 We've -- as I say, we acknowledge that we're behind 2 market leaders here, but we're making the investments and it's done pretty well. In Europe, I'd say we've got about an 8%, 9% market share in Europe and the accounts that we actually have Navitor in we're close to kind of mid-teens. So that product is very competitive, and we're looking forward to bringing that here to the U.S.  
 We filed it with the FDA and we expect to bring this to the market here in the first half of next year. Scott, maybe you can talk about kind of Amulet and what we're seeing there also. 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. I'd say, Joanne, as Robert mentioned, it is kind of the remaining basket of that Structural Heart business that's driving a lot of the growth there, Amulet, being a component of that. Launched in the U.S. continues to go very well, nice traction. In particular, I would say, in the early adopter accounts as it started late last year. Our share in those accounts is around 40% now at this point.  
 It just shows you kind of once you get in there and get experience and have an opportunity to drive some deeper penetration that you can really achieve a strong share position, and we're doing that in those early adopter accounts. So as we've added accounts over the first portion of this year, we'll look to do the same thing with them as we go forward. So a great opportunity to build, seeing nice growth there. And like I said, like Robert said, kind of a handful of the other items along with TriClip, Navitor and Amulet here that are driving growth in addition to what you're seeing and now is the long-term opportunity for MitraClip. 
JoanneWuensch: As my follow-up question, in Nutrition, one of the things we talk with investors about is, how do you think about the recovery in that segment once your supply is back up? Do you see yourself just returning to growth of the market rate or taking a good percentage of the share back? Or any guidance you could give us remodel forward would be helpful. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I would say we've gone -- we've had a situation like this back in 2010, and we've seen other competitors have situations like this, Joanne, in terms of the share recovery process. I'd say there's a couple of key things in terms of consideration. And when you think about doing those modeling, it's looking at your share of the WIC program, your ability to continue to call on pediatricians and your share in the hospitals. 
 And I would say we've disproportionately focused in this quarter with our global supply network to focus on those channels. And one of the challenges with that the WIC channel is a lower priced channel than I would've call the non-WIC channel. So that's probably where we made a decision to take our -- take the volume that we had. 
 And like I said in my opening comments, we actually supplied to the market this quarter, what we supplied in the 3 months prior to the recall. It's just the mix of that supply was overly gated towards the WIC states and the WIC contracts that we had. We made a commitment to those states that they would not have backward supply shortages. So we focused on that. 
 And I think by focusing on that, we not only live to our commitments and the contracts that we put in place but that's going to obviously be a base for us as we go into this quarter and into next quarter. So if you look at the Nielsen data, you do see share recovery, I'd say, we probably lost about 20 share points from the recall. And I think the last read that I saw in September was we got half of it back. And that is a mix -- this will go to the mix piece where on the WIC side, we've recovered all of our share. And now we're going to take our capacity and start moving it into the non-WIC channel with the non-WIC configuration. 
 So like I said, we've intentionally made these decisions in terms of how we're supplying the market. And I think by doing that, just naturally with the work that our teams are doing, we'll start to see the share recovery build month-over-month. So that's probably how to think about it. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: Robert, I wanted to ask about the COVID testing franchise and just the strength in 2022 and thinking about the comp for 2023. Is there anything you can share in terms of contracts that are in place for 2023 and what that base could look like where weather contracts in 2022 could roll over into 2023? I know it's impossible to forecast utilization or uptake of COVID testing next year, but if there's any base commentary you can provide, that would be helpful. And I just have 1 follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Yes, I think that's -- looking at the market between government contracts and nongovernment contracts is something that we spent a lot of time this year doing because obviously, those government contracts, they're high-volume and they ultimately skew a little bit of kind of the run rate as we're trying to kind of run rate this. So if you look at our Q4 number, our Q4 number that we're forecasting is really what I would call an endemic state, right? 
 So about $0.5 billion across the world, across all of our platforms, in a winter season without necessarily forecasting the kind of surge that we saw last year. In that number, we do not have any significant government contracts. Now what governments have realized is that they do need to make some investments and they do need to hold some level of testing inventory in their countries. 
 So we have active conversations with a lot of governments and they recognize and realize an Abbott's ability to scale up and scale up pretty fast. So we've got plenty of capacity, and they know that, they know the value of our product. They work very well with the -- in terms of determining COVID and the new variants, et cetera. 
 So we don't have any significant number in 2020 -- in Q4 of this year, we think that that's the kind of right -- kind of run rate from an endemic standpoint. And if there is a surge and if governments realize that they do need to procure more testing, we've got the product, we've got the reliability of the product and we've got the reliability of supply, and they know that. So we're in a good position there. 
Joshua Jennings: Excellent. Just one follow-up on Libre. You mentioned just the path to achieving full iCGM status and understand there's a segment of the CGM that will open up for Libre, but I was wondering if you could just share your thoughts on the potential impact to clinician sentiment towards accuracy of the platform, payer sentiment in terms of whether there could be any formulary prioritization decisions considering the pricing? And then on the other side of that, how are you -- any new thoughts on pricing for Libre 3 particularly in this inflationary environment. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, listen, this is an important segment, right? Obviously, the vast majority of CGM users and the vast majority of future potential users are people that are either injecting insulin with pens or syringes or not even using insulin, right? But we recognize that this is an important segment. So we're doing -- like I said, we completed the work on Libre 2 regarding the vitamin C. We'll be updating --we will be updating the market and our partners as we go through that process with the agency. 
 But we also believe that -- we also believe that there is potential to innovate even further in that pump integration, right? And we talked about this in last call. We announced this at the ADA in June which is the creation of a dual analyze sensor, a glucose ketone sensor. Everybody -- all the [ capabilities ] that I've spoken to that you're -- I guess you're referring to believe that this would be the go-to sensor for pump integration because the ketone functionality provides the added safety feature that would be required, right? 
 So if there's some sort of interruption in insulin delivery from the pump, what is understood clinically is that the ketone levels will rise earlier than the glucose levels and to be able to have that ketone level, that continuous ketone level measurement is an added safety feature for that pump environment. 
 And I think it does provide, I guess, a step ahead in terms of innovation, in terms of pump integration. Regarding the accuracy, I mean, I think it's commonly understood and the data is very clear in terms of Freestyle Libre 3 -- I mean even FreeStyle Libre 2, but FreeStyle Libre 3 being a definitive best-in-class accurate sensor. It's the only CGM sub-8 MARD. So I don't think we have that issue. 
 So it's an important segment, and we're going to be investing in it, and we're going to -- our goal is to actually provide something that's even more advanced and more beneficial. 
 Sorry, did you have another question on --oh, it' pricing. Yes, Libre 3 pricing, Libre 2 pricing, Libre 1 pricing, it's practically all the same, Josh. And the more volume we can get on to Libre 3, the more we can kind of lower those COGS. 
 But we have a parity pricing right now. And we think that, that pricing strategy as I said last year, as the international markets or even in the U.S., people have challenges either with co-pays in the U.S. or with formularies and reimbursement decisions internationally. I think that our value proposition is very strong, and it's going to prove itself out very clearly as single-payer systems start to look at how to fine-tune their budgets and get more done either with less or with the same amount. 
 So I think that our value proposition, consumer-friendly product with best-in-class accuracy, feature set that no real gaps and our pricing strategy, I think it's a complete value prop. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Robert, maybe my first one for you. The headline organic ExCo within 3Q was 3%-ish low singles. When you back out some of these the supply chain impact, I think you mentioned Germany and Nutrition, what was the underlying organic growth? And when can we get back to an environment where there is no mismatch in the headline organic and underlying rate? It's a clean number. So maybe just talk about that cadence to normality. 
Robert Ford: It was high single -- it's mid- to high single once you do all those exclusions. I don't like doing that. I mean I get that it's important to be able to isolate what the challenges are and what the issues are and are they more transitory or are they more kind of sustained issues in the business. I would say the issues that we've had, the challenges we've had in this quarter regarding supply chain, they're fairly, I'd say, from a Med Device perspective, they're pretty significant, and they kind of had the impact that we saw in our Med Device business. 
 I think if you had look at the kind of back orders that we had, whether it was Libre 1 and some of the back orders that we had in EP, we would be high single digits. But if you back out these issues mid to high overall for the company. Yes, your question of when do we get into kind of normal organic? I think part of the challenge here is COVID -- COVID to play. And as that base becomes smaller than what it is this year, I mean, this year, we'll probably do very much close to the same amount of COVID test sales that we did kind of last year. 
 But as we move into next year, and that becomes smaller than this year, we'll see a little bit of an impact on that overall growth rate. But as I said, I think in Robbie's question, I see high single-digit growth once you back out of COVID. And so COVID will be just the determining factor there, but base non-COVID, high single digits next year. 
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful. And then maybe one on the financial side. I think when gross margins were down Q-on-Q. I'm wondering what was the FX incremental inflationary impact. I think Robert Funck mentioned $0.10 of FX impact in Q4. Should we annualize that to $0.40 of FX impact for next year? I'm not sure how to think about FX and inflationary impact for next year. And we didn't talk about Lingo. Shouldn't that be an incremental driver here and not '23? 
Robert Funck: Let me -- Vijay, I'll take the exchange first. I mean, I wouldn't necessarily take that $0.10 impact in the fourth quarter and extrapolate that for the full year of next year. But certainly, through the first 3 quarters, you would expect to see that. But then in the fourth quarter, you're going to kind of be at those rates that we currently are at. So but again, it is going to be a significant headwind for us next year. 
 On inflation, definitely, we're seeing the impacts there. Like others, the biggest impacts we've seen is really around commodities, other manufacturing input cost and logistics. We've incorporated about another $100 million impact to gross margin in our current guidance. So that's about $1 billion for the year, so call it, maybe 240 -- probably a little more than 240 basis points on the gross margin. 
 As we -- as Robert said, we've seen a little bit of moderation in the rate of increase in the third quarter compared to where we were earlier in the year, and we're trying to take some price to offset that really more in our consumer-facing businesses. Kind of given the way that inflation has hit us over the course of this year, the inventory that we purchased and manufacture this year at these higher costs will definitely negatively impact us next year when that inventory is sold even if inflationary pressures start to come down kind of as we get into next year. 
Robert Ford: On your question on Lingo, Vijay, we have factored in a launch into next year. We have not factored that launch here in the U.S. So it is an international launch. It's a different business model, as I talked about it, more of a direct-to-consumer wellness subscription model. And we're on target here to come out of the gates to that in Q1. We are going to be launching into what I would call a little bit of a challenging environment. 
 So we've taken that into consideration here. But I think that the long-term growth opportunity of building this kind of business, a wellness subscription-like model with the platform that we've built and the scale that we have, I think, is a great growth opportunity for us. We do have it factored in into next year probably launching in the beginning of the year and then building from there. But we'll be launching, like I said, in a challenging environment, but I still think it's the right thing to do from a long-term perspective. 
Scott Leinenweber: Operator, we'll take one more question. 
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Travis Steed from Bank of America. 
Travis Steed: I did want to ask on China, how do you see the recovery shaping up there. There's going to be another headwind next year and any new VBPs that you see coming up in China? 
Robert Ford: Yes. It is going to be a little bit of a headwind. You can think about it as either currency and VBP. We've gone through this in some other parts of our business. So we do expect this value-based procurement or pricing here to play out. I think the next area that we're looking at. We've gone through it with stents last year or 1.5 years ago, and the next area that we're looking at is probably on the electrophysiology side. That's probably the next category that's up. 
 It's interesting, as we've been looking at this, there's definitely interesting impacts in terms of ranges of these pricing. We've actually gone through some of it in pharmaceuticals also. It will range from 30% to 80% in terms of pricing. And really, the magnitude here depends on whether it's a national or regional process. Some of the categories have been more regional. And they tend to be a little bit lower. 
 And it also depends on the number of participants that exist in that category. So as I look at -- on the EP side, we've also seen that when there are more -- like a system-based approach, Travis. So think capital, think about the technical support and the infrastructure associated support that, those tend to be a little bit on the lower end of that range versus to be on the higher end of that range. So that's probably what we've got contemplated for VBP next year is more on the EP side. 
Travis Steed: No. That's helpful. And I did want to ask about the M&A environment, too, since it hasn't come up yet on this call. And also kind of how it relates to your thinking of the device growth longer term, if you're still able to grow at the high end of med tech. And if the Fab 5, as you called, is enough to do that? Or if you need to augment device growth with M&A over time? 
Robert Ford: No, I don't feel that I need to do M&A to be able to sustain that high single-digit growth that we've been posting pretty consistently on devices. I did say in the last call that we're interested and we're being prudent about that interest. The interest has increased and we actively assess all the opportunities here. But as I've said, just because we have a strong balance sheet, and we've got a lot of flexibility, we're still going to make sure that we're going about this from a strategic perspective and we're going about it from a financial perspective. 
 So obviously, valuations come down somewhat. And that helps on the financial modeling and attractiveness side from it. But I would say they probably need to stabilize a little bit of these valuations so that you can engage what I would call just meaningful discussions here. And I think as those stabilize, I think you'll see the environment pick up here in terms of M&A. So we're in a good position. 
 Don't need to do M&A, but there's a lot of opportunities out there for us, and we're going to apply that consistent framework of strategic and financially disciplined in terms of how we look at that. 
 So I'll just sum up here. Q3 was probably a very challenging quarter for us, probably our most challenging. Obviously, the impact of inflation and supply chain and some of the back orders that we encountered was a headwind. Some of the FX as we go forward also will be a headwind. But you saw the portfolio strength and the execution here coming through that, all those challenges and delivery, not only in the quarter but also for the full year, as evidence of our full year raise here also. 
 So it's also provided us an opportunity to make some strategic choices, to strengthen our business and to strengthen our position and build our momentum, I guess, to Robbie's comment in the beginning about how everybody shifting to 2023 and so are we. And we made some choices and decisions here to be able to prepare us and build our momentum and strengthen our position as we go into 2023. 
 I saw a nice recovery in the institutional businesses. And our pipeline here that we talked a little bit about is going to sustain that growth acceleration. There's a lot of organic growth opportunities that we've got in 2023. And I highlighted here how I see a clear path for high single-digit revenue growth. And then on top of that, we've got a strong balance sheet, and that's going to allow for a very balanced capital deployment to our shareholders and also allow us to fuel future growth. 
 So with that, I'm going to wrap that up. Thanks. 
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-19 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.  
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions. 
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2022. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. 
 Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.  
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. 
 Note that Abbott has not provided the GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis because the company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange.  
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us.  
 Today, we reported results of another strong quarter. Earnings per share were $1.43, reflecting more than 20% growth compared to last year. Sales increased nearly 14.5% on an organic basis in the quarter led by growth in Established Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostics and Medical Devices. 
 Based on our performance for the first 6 months, we increased our earnings per share guidance to at least $4.90 for the full year. This speaks to the strength and resilience of our diversified health care model as well as strong execution in this challenging macro environment. 
 We continue to advance our R&D pipeline and strengthen our long-term growth platforms with several new product approvals. Our supply chain has remained resilient, and our financial health remains strong.  
 I'll now summarize our second quarter results in more detail before turning the call over to Bob, and I'll start with Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, where sales increased more than 9% in the quarter. Strong performance this quarter was led by double-digit growth across several countries, including China, Brazil, Colombia, Mexico and Vietnam. 
 EPD continues to execute and perform at a very high level in a dynamic environment, achieving double-digit organic sales growth over the past 1.5 years, including more than 11% organic growth for the first half of this year. 
 Moving to Diagnostics, where sales grew over 35% in the quarter. COVID test sales were $2.3 billion in the quarter, more than 95% of which came from rapid tests, including BinaxNOW in the U.S., Panbio internationally and ID NOW globally. 
 As we had predicted some time ago, rapid testing has become widely accepted and has proven to be a very important tool in combating the virus due to its affordability and accessibility, including at-home testing. And while vaccines have been shown to play an important role in reducing severity of outcomes, with the emergence of new variants that escape immunity, rapid tests have become the best tool we have to help people quickly and easily identify new cases and quarantine to help slow and prevent transmission.  
 As you know, forecasting COVID testing demand beyond the near term has been challenging. As such, our forecast for the next few months contemplates a modest approaching endemic-like amount of testing sales. 
 We are in regular discussions with governments around the world, including the U.S., for surveillance testing needs and to ensure capacity is available and ready, if we see another surge this winter. If that were to happen, we have a lot of manufacturing capacity in the U.S. and internationally to help meet testing needs.  
 I'll now turn to Nutrition, where, as you know, we initiated a voluntary recall in February of certain infant formula products manufactured at one of our U.S. facilities. Earlier this month, we resumed partial production at that facility, starting with our specialty formula EleCare and metabolic formulas. 
 We are in the final phases of testing to restart Similac production. As a reminder, once we begin production, it takes several weeks for product to reach store shelves. That said, we will do everything possible to accelerate delivery of product to retailers, so families can have access to the formula they need as soon as possible.  
 We've already started to see some share recovery at retail over the past couple of months, as we leveraged our global manufacturing network to increase supply to the U.S., including importing product from our FDA registered plant in Ireland. We also began importing product from Spain after receiving informed discretion from the FDA that expanded the allowance for imports. 
 As I said in April, it's important to note that the results of the investigation from the FDA, CDC and Abbott concluded no evidence linked our formulas to any infant illnesses or deaths, and there is no new information to suggest otherwise. We take this matter very seriously, and we're making a number of enhancements to our operations at the impacted manufacturing plant.  
 We're also taking steps across our manufacturing network to expand capacity and redundancy. We're committed to set the standard in industry on quality and safety and to reearn the trust of the families that depend on us.  
 Across our broader Nutrition business, global sales in Adult Nutrition increased 5% in the quarter, including more than 7.5% growth internationally led by our market-leading Ensure and Glucerna brands. 
 And lastly, I'll wrap up with Medical Devices, where sales grew 7.5% in the quarter. In cardiovascular devices, sales growth was led by Structural Heart and Heart Failure. While cardiovascular procedure trends continued to improve, growth in the quarter was somewhat more modest than what we had anticipated back in April due to several factors, most notably health care staffing challenges, COVID surges and lockdowns in China that were implemented as part of their efforts to control the spread of the virus. We expect these dynamics to improve in the second half of the year.  
 In Diabetes Care, sales of FreeStyle Libre grew more than 25% on an organic basis in the quarter, and our user base now exceeds 4 million users globally. During the quarter, we continued to strengthen our Medical Device portfolio with innovative new products, most notably U.S. FDA clearance of our FreeStyle Libre 3 continuous glucose monitoring system, which is the world's smallest and thinnest wearable glucose sensor that provides results with the highest level of accuracy in the industry.  
 And U.S. approval of Aveir, our leadless pacemaker for the management of slow heart rhythms, Aveir was specifically designed to be retrievable if the device ever needs to be removed and expandable to a dual-chamber device, which is currently under development if the therapy needs to evolve over time.  
 So in summary, our diversified health care model continues to prove highly resilient in a dynamic macro environment. We're achieving strong growth across several areas of the portfolio and making good progress restarting our nutrition manufacturing facility. And as a result of our strong performance through the first 6 months, we're raising our EPS guidance for the year.  
 I'll now turn over the call to Bob. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange.  
 Turning to our results. Sales for the second quarter increased 14.3% on an organic basis, which was led by strong growth in Diagnostics, Established Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices, along with global COVID testing-related sales of $2.3 billion in the quarter. 
 During the second quarter, sales were negatively impacted by a voluntary recall and manufacturing shutdown in February of certain infant formula products manufactured at one of our U.S. plants. Excluding COVID testing-related sales and the U.S. sales associated with the recalled products, Abbott sales increased 6.2% on an organic basis in the second quarter.  
 Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 4.2% on second quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar continue to strengthen versus several currencies, which resulted in a more unfavorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at the time of our earnings call in April.  
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 56.7% of sales, which reflects the impacts of the recent nutrition recall and incremental inflation we saw in certain manufacturing and distribution costs in the quarter. 
 Adjusted R&D investment was 5.8% of sales, and adjusted SG&A investment was 24.4% of sales in the second quarter. Lastly, our second quarter adjusted tax rate was 14.5%.
 Turning to our outlook for the full year 2022. We forecast total company organic sales growth, excluding the impact of COVID testing-related sales, to be in the mid- to high single digits. It is important to note, excluding products impacted by the nutrition recall, we forecast total organic sales growth in the high single digits for the remainder of our combined businesses, which includes Medical Devices, Established Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostics, excluding COVID testing-related sales and areas of nutrition not impacted by the recall. 
 We forecast COVID testing-related sales of $6.1 billion, which includes year-to-date sales through June of $5.6 billion and projected sales of approximately $500 million over the next few months. We will continue to update our COVID testing-related sales forecast 1 quarter at a time as appropriate. Lastly, based on current rates, we would now expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 5% on our full year reported sales.  
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Congrats on a good quarter. Robert, maybe to start -- maybe I'll get a little greedy here since we're only sitting in July, and half of '22 is done. But I think the focus for investors is quickly shifting to next year, and there's a lot of moving pieces going on in 2022, a lot of assumptions we have to make in the go forward of 2023. 
 Where is COVID testing? How fast does Nutrition come back? And how steady can the Device business be going forward? So there's a lot of uncertainty out there of where numbers should sit and how to start thinking about the business for next year. Any thoughts you have at this point would be really helpful. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I think there's a lot of uncertainty for everybody regarding 2023. I think you've kind of highlighted some of the aspects as it relates to our business here. But the macro environment still is pretty challenging, and I don't think it's unique to us. 
 Obviously, there's significant inflation, and seems like there's a pretty significant, call it, a commodity super cycle for us. There's health care staffing challenges, you hear about that. And then, obviously, a strong U.S. dollar. So all those kind of combinations are the challenges that a lot of companies are going to face.  
 And if you look at a lot of the financial and consumer indicators, retail, housing, auto, et cetera, those tend to point towards an increased risk here of recession. So what I would say is, historically, in that macro environment, health care has proven to be pretty resilient. 
 And whether it's the durability of these essential procedures and products, I mean, you can only defer them somewhat. A large portion of the health care spend is government-funded, and we've got a diversified model that's proved itself to be very resilient in this kind of environment. So at a macro level, I think those are the headwinds that we're all facing and we'll all be facing. 
 You mentioned COVID as a factor here. It's interesting. Last year at this time, we were talking about how COVID would -- COVID testing would move away, but we've actually shipped just as an amount of tests in the first 6 months of this year compared to all of last year. So I think that we're going to need to see how the cases evolve, Robbie, especially during the winter and fall months over here. And obviously, I don't think it's prudent to forecast a winter surge. But like I said, we've got capacity to be able to deal with that.  
 So those are some of the key factors here that we're looking at. Nutrition that you mentioned, we're recovering pretty nicely, I would say, versus where we originally thought we were going to be back in April. A lot of focus on restarting the manufacturing site. We've recovered already a good portion of the share that we lost. And obviously, we continue to see that moving forward positively.  
 So on the flip side, though, what I would say is that we're not going to just sit still over the next couple of months and wait for these macro kind of factors here to play out, right? We're taking a very proactive approach on the elements that we can control and that we can impact. 
 We're taking price where we can, and we've seen that in our consumer base businesses. These are businesses, because of the strength of our brands, that we've been able to do that and pass it on. We're also looking at other areas that we can -- or that historically, we haven't necessarily looked at in terms of price.  
 We're looking at our cost structure. I talked about this in previous calls, too, and we've got a program in place now where we're looking at our cost structure. The hurdles in terms of investment have obviously increased given this macro environment. 
 We're not going to put any risk to our long-term growth platforms, but we're definitely looking at our cost structure and see where we can improve. And the inventory is important, as we move into this inflationary period here. So we're ensuring that we've got the right amount of inventory.  
 So I put all that together, Robbie. We've got macro headwinds that everybody else has. Regarding Nutrition, I think our performance is well aligned to where we planned and where I see us ending up end of the year is ultimately where our forecast -- the forecast that we laid out. 
 COVID testing is one that, to simply assume, that there won't be any COVID testing next year. We've never believed that. The question is just your ability to forecast beyond 3 to 6 months, that's the challenge.  
 So fundamentally, I think our business remains very strong. We've got leading positions in attractive long-term growth markets, strong pipeline, and I'm sure we'll talk about some of that today also. We've got a lot of ongoing, upcoming launch activity and a strong balance sheet that provides us a lot of strategic and financial flexibility. 
 So it's difficult to pin a number on it right now, Robbie. But at a high level, those are the elements that we're working with and, ultimately, like to see some of these elements play out over the next couple of months here. 
Robert Marcus: Great. Maybe just as a follow-up to that, Robert. You were talking about the cost structure at Abbott, and this is something we're hearing from basically everyone, that inflation, supply chain, et cetera. You're in this enviable position where you've probably grown operating margins more than anyone else in medtech since the start of COVID. A lot of that has been from the benefit of COVID testing sales, which are at healthy margins and still healthy reinvestment against that.  
 So as we think about your operating margins going forward and you reevaluating your cost base here, I just -- it's a difficult question and it's been a while for medtech investors to see anything but just margins going straight up. So how do you want investors to start thinking about where your base operating margin is maybe potentially of COVID testing sales slowdown in the future? 
Robert Ford: Yes. I always appreciate you like to get at the next year's number in a couple of different ways, Robbie. I guess, I would say on the cost structure piece, I don't necessarily fully agree with you, the way you characterized it in terms of COVID being the ultimate driver here. 
 I think we made a lot of progress on our gross margins historically, whether it was in Devices and in Nutrition. So as the Device business continues to grow, that profile of that business is accretive, and you've seen our growth rates in that business over these last couple of years. So that helps the margin.  
 Our biggest challenge, I would say, from a gross margin perspective is really on the inflation side. Yes, we're seeing input cost go up probably more on the commodity side, so impacting EPD, impacting Nutrition, less so, I would say, in Devices and Diagnostics. 
 Yes, there's some noise that happens here with one supplier -- another supplier, and we deal with it. But the real challenge we've had, I would say, over the last kind of 6 months here has been on the Nutrition side.  
 And part of that is -- some of it is commodities. So we're going to have to see how those look like over the next kind of couple of months, seeing some slowing down of some commodities, but that's the biggest kind of driver there. 
 But the other part of the Nutrition is, I would say, cost that I don't anticipate to be there next year. So for example, we're paying WIC rebates for competitive products since April -- actually, since March when we initiated the recall. And as we restart production in the facility, I don't assume that, that will continue.  
 I made statements in my opening comments about bringing product in from overseas. We brought a lot of formula from overseas, and that's all airfreight. And you know the story on freight and distribution. So once that facility starts up and running, I don't anticipate to see those same kind of freight expenses from overseas shipments. 
 And we put some money towards brand recovery. And I think that, that was an investment that's necessary to get our share back in position that we need as we go into next year.  
 So that being said, as I said, we're going to look at our cost structure. We're going to look at areas that have a higher hurdle now for passing an investment hypothesis or thesis, and we're going to -- we'll take action where we need to take action. So that's how I'd characterize our margin. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Joshua Jennings from Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: I was hoping to start with a follow-up on the raise of the 2022 EPS guidance floor and just better understand the puts and takes. I think there are some questions around the $0.30 beat in 2Q and the $0.20 increase, again, realizing that it is a floor. 
 But it seems like a lot of that kind of guess $0.10 delta is driven by the move in the U.S. dollar in July. But just wanted to better understand the puts and takes and how you guys arrived at the increase that you did. I have one follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Yes. I think you'll see -- I mean, we've seen a lot of companies kind of beat their Q2 and either maintain their guidance for the full year or actually reduce it. And we looked at our numbers very carefully, and we basically looked at the strength of our base business. 
 So if you exclude AN, our nutrition -- the parts of the Nutrition business that was recalled, we're growing high single digits, and we continue to see that kind of growth rate going forward.  
 So between the strength of the base business and the COVID sales, we then felt that we had enough power here to navigate and push through some of these macro headwinds that are pretty significant, right? Inflation is a big element there. We had some costs. When we gave initial guidance in January, we increased that in our April call. And we've assumed another couple of hundred million dollars of inflation since that number that we provided in April. So that's one element that we're absorbing, I guess.  
 The, what I would call, health care staffing challenges, COVID cancellations, the lockdown issues that we saw in Q2, especially, I'd say, on our Core Lab business and EP in China, for example, those are being absorbed also. And then currency, as you referenced, pretty dramatic strengthening here of the U.S. dollar. 
 So we've assumed all of that. And as I said also to Robbie, we've had to factor in some additional costs on the nutrition side, whether it's the WIC rebate, the freight and distribution, some of the investments we're making to support share recovery. So you put those 2 together -- those 2 elements together on the macro on nutrition side and then you offset that with our base business and COVID sales, and those -- that's really the element there, Josh. 
 And as you said, since the beginning of the pandemic, we've gotten to at least floor-like guidance here, and that's what $4.90 is. It's a floor right now. Could that be better? Yes, it could. There could be elements that could make that number be better. But on top of absorbing all these incremental headwinds here, inflation, currency, making some of the investments we need on nutrition, we're still able to raise our full year guidance. 
Joshua Jennings: And just one follow-up on the Medical Devices business, and it's encouraging to hear you talk about kind of quick improvement in the back half, and you did have that tough comp in 2Q. 
 But are you able to share any high-level color just on elective procedure trends throughout the quarter in 2Q, just a month-over-month improvement did you see? And then anything you can share on color in July? 
 And just wondering, you caught a couple of the headwinds that you saw in 2Q for hospitals and the challenges that they're facing to accelerate elective procedure volumes in the second half. But what do you think the biggest challenge is? And do you think the hospitals are well equipped to overcome those? 
Robert Ford: Yes, sure. I think you mentioned there, I mean, Q2 last year was a pretty significant revenue for a lot in medtech, so there is that comp aspect there. But second quarter procedures and volumes, if I look at Abbott's procedure volumes and sales, they're actually higher than pre-pandemic levels. 
 And there was sequential growth from Q2 to Q1, over 7% in the U.S. and a little bit lower internationally. So the aspect here is that we are seeing growth and -- but it was a little bit more modest than what we had anticipated back in April, right?  
 And then I think there's really 3 factors there. One of them, as I said, in the U.S., specifically, I think the staffing challenges were a factor there. And as people tested positive, while they didn't have to go to the hospital and they could just stay at home, that had an impact in some of the procedures that there's a little bit more planning towards. 
 So the good news is we know what those procedures are, we know where they are, and we've got an opportunity to follow up on them like we did last year and following up on all the procedures that got pushed out.  
 So internationally, I think you saw some similar headwinds there, but I think the biggest headwind for us was China and the lockdowns that occurred there. 
 And then the third factor for us was we had some back order and that was really due to the timing of input material availability. So in terms of when you receive the materials to build the product, now we are building inventory, and I don't anticipate that to be the case going forward in the second half.  
 So those are really our fact -- those are really the facts that had our Device business a little bit more modest than what we predicted in April. I think those get better. One, we've got launch activity. So -- and I'm sure we'll talk about some of those also, products that we've launched that will gain in momentum in the second half. 
 In talking to a lot of the U.S. systems, they've just got to figure out better how to staff and to do more planning, and that might involve maybe looking at having more procedures booked because you know that there's a certain amount of cancellations that will happen. So I think that will get better also as the hospitals understand these dynamics. 
 So I'm excited about the device portfolio in terms of the second half, not only because of some of these issues, which I think will get better, but also because of our pipeline and the products we're launching and the execution. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Robert, can you hear me okay? 
Robert Ford: Yes, I can, Larry. 
Larry Biegelsen: You'd cut out a little bit. So 2 for me, I wanted to start with Libre. Robert, just a multipart question here on Libre. Another nice quarter. Any -- how should we think about the Libre 3 launch in the U.S.? Should we expect it to be kind of a gradual rollout like we saw with Libre 2? And how are you feeling about resolving the vitamin C interaction issue? It sounds like you guys have made some good progress there. 
 And just lastly, international was a little softer than we expected. Is this just kind of a law of large numbers? Or is this just a timing issue in terms of the full rollout of Libre 3? And I did have one follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I think Libre 3, we're very excited. We've had very good success in Germany in terms of upgrading the base and then with the benefits of Libre 3 actually seeing some conversions from competitive systems. So the U.S. launch is going to be exciting for the U.S. team. It will be the only CGM with a sub-8% MARD. And that launch process is underway, but it is a little bit more gradual. So we're going to work to get on to pharmacy contracts, PBM contracts, managed care contracts, et cetera.  
 So we're building inventory. We're familiarizing the physicians with the product. But given what I've seen in Europe, I think this is a great opportunity for our U.S. business, which, by the way, did really well this quarter, right, even without Libre 3. We grew 53% in the second quarter, and I actually think that we can maintain that 30% to 40% growth rate in the U.S. even without Libre 3. So I think that's going to be an important growth driver for us towards the end of the year and as we go into 2023.  
 I do think, Larry, that CGM is a little different. I mean, we have it in devices, but the model, at least in the U.S., is very pharma-like and -- where patient out-of-pocket, coinsurance, co-pays, contracts, et cetera, they play a big role in understanding those, and the interdependencies of those are very important. I think in an environment where employers and consumers are going to be looking more closely at managing their expenses, I think the value proposition of Libre is going to be even stronger.  
 Regarding your question on vitamin C, fixed, yes. We have done the work to be able to address that. We've made very good progress. I'm going to provide further updates over time. But obviously, this relates only to the U.S. We're actually going to be launching an AID system in Europe with our partners in Europe in Q4 with Libre 2. So -- but you'll get more updates on that.  
 I think that the exciting piece on the pump connectivity, though, is what we announced in June at the ADA with a dual sensor, a glucose-ketone sensor that's under development, that's received breakthrough designation from the FDA. 
 The scientific advisers that I've spoken to, both in the U.S. and international, believe that this is going to become the go-to sensor for pump connectivity and -- just because of the ability to bring in the ketone measurement and perfect even more of those algorithms. So I think this is going to be an ideal sensor for existing pump companies and even for new pump manufacturers.  
 Regarding your question on international, there's a little bit of timing there, I would say. Well, it's 2 parts, a little bit of timing from -- in Germany as we convert to Libre 3 and the mechanism is in place there. And then there was some FX headwind that impacted a lot of our international businesses. So did that cover all for you, Larry? 
Larry Biegelsen: That was very comprehensive. Really appreciate it. Just for my follow-up, Robert, I know I've asked this a lot on recent calls, but you're sitting on a lot of cash. And we have seen a recent re-rating of valuations. 
 So are you starting to see more opportunities? Any color on deal size that you're looking at? And I think some investors are saying, when COVID testing comes down, you might have a gap in terms of earnings that you need to fill. So how important is it to find an accretive deal to offset potential decline in COVID testing? 
Robert Ford: Well, on the COVID testing side, I mean, I guess, we'll have to kind of see how things play out right now. I mean, I guess, that was the same comment last year. And as I said, we're selling more. We're probably selling more what we sold more in the first 6 months here versus last year. 
 So regarding your comment, though, on the M&A side, yes, I don't think anything has really changed there. I mean, obviously, valuations have obviously come down somewhat. And we've got the capacity, as you said, in our balance sheet and that flexibility.  
 But the macro environment is -- just because the valuation has come down, I mean, it's challenging and dynamic for all the companies, even the ones that have seen these valuations come significantly down. So I think we -- while we do have cash, I still think we need to be strategically and financially disciplined here to be mindful of when we're assessing these potential targets and have they gotten to the right point given some of these macro environments that are going to be playing out.  
 So I think the market needs to stabilize for a period of time here, Larry, before I think a lot of management teams and their Board to become a little more comfortable with the reset of their valuations and their financial outlook. 
 That being said, yes, I'd say the level of study, the level of review, the level of analysis on potential targets has definitely increased over the past 4, 5 months here. And I've been clear about the areas that we're looking at and the kind of types of transactions we would be interested of, but it always goes back to does it make sense strategically and does it make sense financially. So nothing has changed yet. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Joanne Wuensch from Citi. 
JoanneWuensch: I'm going to put them all upfront. Some questions regarding your Structural Heart franchise. Could you give us sort of a state of the union or update on where you are on some key products, MitraClip, Portico and Amulet? 
 And then just as a follow-up to the previous question, could you remind us where you are on share repurchases and your view towards if you're not using the cash for M&A, what you will be using the cash for? 
Robert Ford: Sure. On the Structural Heart side, I talked about how this is such an important division for us and the focus that we've had there. So I'd say on Amulet, we've had a very good quarter in Amulet aligned to the trends that we were hoping for. We've got an expansion of the amount of accounts that are using the product and also an expansion on the amount of implanters that are completing and performing this procedure. 
 One of the challenges we had in the beginning was just really to get the implanters trained. We needed proctors. And as you remember, in November, December, January and February, there was a lot of challenge with travel. So that's actually looking really nice in terms of the ramp there. 
 What I'm very encouraged about is the traction we're seeing from the early adopters. So some of those that began the training and implanting in Q4 of last year, their utilization is more than double that of the average user. So we're seeing both things in terms of driving the sales there, the increase of new accounts and then the increase in productivity and utilization of the existing implanters. 
 On the Portico side or on the TAVR side, sales have been strong, especially in Europe where we've introduced Navitor, which is our next-generation TAVR system. It's a competitive device from a clinical profile in high-risk patients. I estimate right now -- we estimate right now that we're about a high single digit. But when we look at the centers that are using Navitor, and Navitor is probably in about 40%, 45% of the centers in Europe, shares in the mid-teens. 
 And that's very encouraging also because Navitor being our second product has really been an improvement for Portico. And as you know, we filed that in the U.S. in October of last year at the PMA. I expect that to be the case. I expect to see an approval and an opportunity for us to launch into the TAVR market here in the U.S. 
 And on MitraClip, this was a tough comp for us this quarter. Last quarter -- last year, it was the highest quarter we've ever had in terms of procedures, in terms of sales. So there's no doubt that this one here is probably a little bit more impacted by COVID and some of the health care staffing challenges and the rescheduling of the procedures. 
 So I expect these dynamics to steadily improve over time. And as I said previously, I don't think we fully benefited yet from the indication expansion that we received for the functional MR. So the market still remains pretty underpenetrated, and there's a lot of opportunity for growth there. 
 So a lot of activity in our Structural Heart business, a lot of good performance. And I just expect that to get better over the next couple of quarters. 
 And then what was your other question? 
JoanneWuensch: It had to do on share repurchases, use of cash if you're not using it for M&A. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, listen, we've always kind of had a balanced approach for deploying our cash. We're mindful of our cash on hand. We're investing in the dividend, and we've been growing that dividend, and that's an important part of it. 
 We're investing in the capacity expansions in several of our areas, Libre, Electrophysiology, MitraClip, Nutrition. And we bought back shares in the first half of the year and something that we'll continue to assess as we go through the second half year. 
 So the approach towards our capital allocation is pretty balanced, and we're committed to the dividend. Done some share buybacks in the first half. We'll continue to assess in the second half. And there's great opportunities for us to continue to invest organically to be able to drive the organic part of the business. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Congrats on a strong 2Q here. One on this guidance here, when you look at the base floor for fiscal '22, $4.90, you guys did close to $3.15 of earnings in first half, so the implied earnings for back half was -- the floor is $1.74. That's annualizing to about $3.50-ish. 
 Is there -- I guess, that $1.74-ish for back half, that's below the back half of 2019. So I'm wondering, between FX, inflation, is there something else that's going on here where -- we still have COVID revenues flowing through in the back half? It seems a little light on the EPS guidance. 
Robert Funck: Vijay, this is Bob, I'll take that call -- question. I think it's -- I think using an implied kind of fourth quarter exit rate as an indicator kind of how we're thinking about '23 probably wouldn't be prudent at this point. There's obviously a lot going on in the macro environment that warrants further monitoring and assessment. 
 And on top of that, there are a couple of swing factors that are specific to us. Strength of our COVID testing business, that's provided us an awful lot of flexibility to reinvest back into our P&L over the last couple of years. 
 And so as part of our -- and as Robert kind of talked about, we'll see kind of how COVID testing plays out. We continue to see very strong demand. And so there's some element of that, that we fully expect to stick around. And it's just difficult to pinpoint what that level is at this point in the year. 
 But as part of our budgeting process for next year, we'll take a close look at the overall cost structure, which Robert touched on, and our investment priorities. And as you know, we're also working through the nutrition recall and making good progress, incrementally investing, and Robert talked about the fact that some of those investments will modulate over time or even go away. And so that, combined with recapturing share, we'll see the earnings power of that business ramp up over time. 
 So -- and then finally, our pipeline has been highly productive and especially in devices. And as we drive that growth, that's accretive growth overall to the corporation. So those are big moving parts. And as we start to think about 2023, we'll incorporate all those elements and especially in devices. And as we drive that growth, that's accretive growth overall to the corporation. So those are big moving parts. And as we start to think about 2023, we'll incorporate all those elements in our forecast next year. 
Robert Ford: I guess, I'll just add to that, Vijay, also, I mean, we talk about the strength of the U.S. dollar and the impact that we're having on a full year basis. It's pretty significant, and a big portion of that impact is actually forecasted to happen in the second half of this year. So that also plays a role together with the inflation aspects that we're facing. So that's really the challenge. 
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful. And maybe one last one. With the second half base business guidance mid-single digit to high single digits, if I look at 2Q ex China and ex Nutrition, the base business did north of 7%, which is in line with the high single sort of trajectory that investors have baked in. The back half of mid-single to high single... 
Robert Ford: So like I said, I think we've got an opportunity here on the back half also. We've set a floor. And again, I'll just reiterate that this is where contemplating all these puts and takes that we've been discussing, we feel confident in that floor number. And we believe that there's opportunities here for upside to that. 
Scott Leinenweber: Vijay, I would just say, as Bob said in his prepared remarks, excluding Nutrition, we expect high single digits for the kind of remainder of the businesses to your point. So the math you're doing there is right. 
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Scott. So the guide is assuming some impact here in the back half. That's helpful. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Travis Steed from Bank of America. 
Travis Steed: Can you hear me okay? 
Robert Ford: Yes. 
Travis Steed: Great. Just wanted to ask a couple more on the margin puts and takes, and I know these are related to Robbie's question. You mentioned a lot of like onetime costs in Nutrition with contracts on top of inflation and FX. 
 So just wanted to think about the commitment and ability to grow operating margin off this year's base margins. If the macro environment just remains stable, I assume most of those Nutrition and onetime investments go away later this year as Nutrition ramps back up.
 But I don't know if there's any other levers that you can pull on the margin line. And also not sure about this year's FX headwinds, how much of those naturally carry over into next year? That's something that J&J kind of flagged for people. 
Robert Ford: Yes. Listen, the commitment to grow the operating margin is always there. We've -- we always shoot for that growth. You had a big if there, and that's the big if, right, if the conditions remain the same. 
 So I don't know what currency is going to look like next year. Bob can talk about that a little bit. But there are some of these costs that I mentioned that I don't anticipate having to fly in the amount formula that we flew in from overseas. I don't anticipate having to kind of pay those WIC rebates on competitive product. 
 We have, what I would call, a steady investment profile on our Nutrition business that, I would say, we're a little bit out of profile in the next quarter or so because we want to make sure that as products coming back that we can work to regain our share. And we've seen some of that share regain the last couple of months. 
 I mean, from the start of the recall, we lost about half of our IMF share. And of that half that we lost in the last couple of months, we've regained half of that back. So some of these costs, like I said, are more onetime in nature. 
 On the FX side, I don't know, Bob, do you have a comment on there? 
Robert Funck: Well, I guess, I'd say history has taught us that rates rarely if ever hold for a long period of time. So trying to pinpoint kind of an accurate projection for next year at this point is pretty challenging. There's an awful lot of moving parts. As you know, different central banks taking different rate actions, different strengths of economies, et cetera. 
 That said, at a high level, based upon kind of where we're at today, a decent portion of the impact we're seeing this year will carry into next year. Obviously, there's a long way to go, so we need to see how things play out. And as part of our planning process, we always look for opportunities to mitigate currency impacts as best we can. 
Travis Steed: That's helpful. I do want to make sure I heard you right. It sounds like you're going to launch an AID insulin system in Europe with Libre 2 by Q4. And I don't know if you'd be willing to say like who that partner is or what that product might look like in any form or fashion. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I think we made an announcement about the partnership several -- about 1 month, 1.5 months ago. So yes, that's with Ypsomed, a local European manufacturer, and another partner. So yes, our target is to be able to launch that by the end of the year in Europe. . 
Scott Leinenweber: Operator, we'll take one more question. 
Operator: And our last question will come from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. 
Jayson Bedford: Just a couple. First, on the infant nutrition and the manufacturing ramp here, is there any way to frame where you are today and when you feel like you'll be back to full production levels? And obviously, I'm just thinking in the context of where you were last year and potential profit recapture in this segment. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, as I said, we restarted in July 1, and we began production of the specialty formulas. The production of the Similac, which we call our more base formula, I mean, we're very close to that, Jayson, is what I would say. I don't want to necessarily kind of put an exact date here, but we're not talking months, we're not talking weeks. So we're very close there, and we obviously have a team that's ready to go and to ramp up. 
 We know that we're going to have to work hard to shorten the time between manufacturer and on-shelf availability. So there's a team that's specifically dedicated to working on accelerated that time frame also. So I like where we're at. And we'll continue to use our global network to be able to augment those efforts of share recapture. 
Jayson Bedford: So Robert, when we look at '23 for USP, is it -- the debate just around market share, and I'm assuming from a manufacturing standpoint, you should be clean in '23. 
Robert Ford: Yes. That's our expectation. I think the debate on '23 is predominantly market share and then there might be a little bit of market also in terms of understanding how much of the growth in today's market is inventory build. 
 We have seen an increase in birth rates, so that's another opportunity also for -- to maybe to offset that. So -- but yes, I think it's mostly about market share, market share recovery. And like I said, I think in the previous question, I think we've done pretty well about using our network to be able to regain the market share that we had lost in those first couple of months. 
 So yes, it's really about looking at our share and share recovery, which is why, as I said, we've made some investments during -- over the next 3, 4, 5 months here to be able to put us in, in that right position in 2023. 
 So I'll just close the call here. Obviously, a lot of your questions, so that there is, I guess, some uncertainty in the environment. It's pretty dynamic, and I think that's going to be the same for a lot of companies. 
 For Abbott specifically, our new product launches are performing very well. Our R&D pipeline is strong. And as I said, our financial health is also strong. We're making progress in Nutrition to drive share recovery, and our Adult business and international growth opportunities still remain very strong. 
 The Cardiovascular portfolio, Device portfolio, there is growth. It continues to recover, albeit not at the same level that we had forecasted back in April, but I do expect that same recovery trend. It's not as leaner as we would like or as what we've historically had. But ultimately, I do believe that the segment will continue to grow and recover. 
 EPD and Libre continue to perform very well. And in Diagnostics, I get that COVID testing is a big portion of the equation here. But I just remind ourselves to where we were last year and what we thought was going to happen last year. And right now, all the data shows that testing is still here. Cases are up. Our test sales are actually up, and our tests have done very well from a brand and become somewhat of a preferred format over here. 
 So as I look to the second half of the year, I anticipate some of the macro challenges to continue, in some cases, to be tough. And in other cases, hopefully, we'll see some easing on there. But our diversification is very unique, and that's what's held up very well. 
 We're navigating the macro headwinds. We're investing in our growth platforms. And we've raised our guidance for the full year. And I think that's a rarity in this environment, and I think it speaks to the strength of the portfolio and the execution and our ability to manage and leverage the portfolio. 
 So with that, we'll wrap up, and thank you for joining us today. 
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-19 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbot's expressed written permission.  
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we will take your questions.
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2022. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.  
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Note that Abbott has not provided the GAAP financial measure for organic sales growth on a forward-looking basis, because the company is unable to predict future changes in foreign exchange rates, which could impact reported sales growth. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange.  
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported results of another strong quarter. Earnings per share were $1.73, reflecting more than 30% growth compared to the prior year. Sales increased 17.5% on an organic basis in the quarter, led by double-digit growth in Medical Devices, Established Pharmaceuticals as well as Diagnostics, both with and without COVID testing-related sales.  
 In addition to these strong results during the quarter, we continue to strengthen our strategic position and long-term growth opportunities with regulatory approvals of new products and expanded indications of use along with continued market uptake of several recently launched products in attractive growth areas.  
 I'll now summarize our first quarter results in more detail before turning the call over to Bob. And I'll start with Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, where sales increased 13.5% in the quarter. EPD has now achieved double-digit organic sales growth in 3 of the last 4 quarters. Strong performance this quarter was led by double-digit growth across several countries and core therapeutic areas, including gastroenterology, respiratory and CNS pain management.  
 Turning to Nutrition, where our performance was mixed. Our Adult Nutrition business continues to perform at a high level with global organic sales growth of 11.5%, led by our Ensure and Glucerna brands. And we also achieved double-digit growth globally in our combined toddler nutrition products, which includes our market-leading PediaSure and Pedialyte brands.  
 As you know, however, we initiated a voluntary recall in February of certain infant formula products manufactured at one of our U.S. facilities. It's important to highlight as part of our quality system, we retain in-house samples of products that we ship to customers. Testing of retained samples related to this recall action by both Abbott and the FDA have all come back negative for the presence of the bacteria that cause the reported illnesses.  
 Importantly, the FDA and CDC found that there is no genetic match between the strains of the bacteria identified in nonproduct contact areas of our facility and available samples obtained from customer complaints, suggesting a different source of contamination.  
 And lastly, no salmonella was found in our factory or product and, therefore, the FDA ruled out any link to our facility. We hope these findings get parents, caregivers and other stakeholders renewed confidence in our products. We know the situation has further exacerbated industry-wide infant formula supply shortages. That's why we're doing everything possible to mitigate supply constraints by bringing in product from our FDA registered facility in Europe and ramping up production at our other U.S. plants. And of course, we're working very closely with the FDA on proactive actions and enhancements so that we can restart operations at the facility.  
 Moving to Diagnostics, where sales grew 35%. COVID test sales were $3.3 billion in the quarter, more than 90% of which came from our rapid test, including BinaxNOW in the U.S., Panbio internationally and ID NOW globally. Excluding COVID-related -- COVID testing-related sales, our Global Diagnostics sales grew 12% in the quarter, driven by the continued rollout of Alinity, our innovative suite of diagnostic instruments and expanding menus across our testing platforms.  
 And I'll wrap up with Medical Devices, where sales grew 11.5% in the quarter. This strong performance was led by double-digit growth in Diabetes Care, Structural Heart, Heart Failure and Electrophysiology. In Diabetes Care, sales of FreeStyle Libre grew more than 25% on an organic basis in the quarter and the user base has now reached approximately 4 million users globally. In Cardiovascular Devices, while procedure volumes were negatively impacted by elevated COVID case rates early in the year, we saw a steady improvement in procedure trends as the case rates came down in the second half of the quarter, which has continued into April.  
 In addition to improving market trends and our strong results, this was also another highly productive quarter for our pipeline. In the U.S., we received FDA approval for Aveir, our leadless pacemaker to treat patients with slow heart rhythms. In Japan, expanded reimbursement for Libre will now cover all people with diabetes who use insulin at least once a day.  
 CardioMEMS received an expanded indication in the U.S. to treat more patients suffering from earlier stages of heart failure. And we received U.S. FDA clearance for the latest generation of our EnSite X system, which provides a 360-degree view of the heart for improved cardiac mapping.  
 So in summary, we're achieving strong growth overall and across several areas of our business. As the first quarter progressed and COVID levels decreased, we saw a steady improvement in the hospital-based procedure trends, which has continued into April. And we continue to advance our pipeline with new products, indications and reimbursement coverage in several attractive growth areas.  
 I'll now turn over the call to Bob. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange.  
 Turning to our results. Sales for the first quarter increased 17.5% on an organic basis, which was led by double-digit growth in Diagnostics, Medical Devices and Established Pharmaceuticals along with global COVID testing-related sales of $3.3 billion in the quarter.  
 Excluding COVID testing-related sales, organic sales growth was 7.7% versus the prior year.  
 Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 3.7% on first quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar continue to strengthen versus several currencies, which resulted in a more unfavorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at the time of our earnings call in January.  
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 59.1% of sales, which reflects higher than normal fall-through on COVID testing sales as a result of significant production volumes during the first quarter, partially offset by the impacts of the nutrition recall and somewhat higher-than-expected inflation on certain manufacturing and distribution costs in the quarter.  
 Adjusted research and development investment was 5.6% of sales and adjusted SG&A investment was 23.1% of sales in the first quarter. Lastly, our first quarter adjusted tax rate was 14.5%.  
 Before discussing our outlook for the full year, I want to provide an update on our strategic capital deployment initiatives completed in the first quarter, which included approximately $2.3 billion of share repurchases, $800 million of dividends, scheduled debt repayment of $750 million and $300 million of capital expenditures, which support future organic growth opportunities. We continue to generate strong cash flow, which provides the flexibility required to execute a well-balanced capital allocation strategy.  
 Turning to our outlook for the full year 2022. Our adjusted earnings per share guidance of at least $4.70 remains unchanged. We now forecast total company organic sales growth, excluding the impact of COVID testing-related sales, to be in the mid- to high single digits, which is somewhat lower than our prior forecast of high single digits due to the recent recall event in Nutrition. It is important to note, excluding sales impacted by the recall, we continue to forecast total organic sales growth in the high single digits for the remainder of our combined businesses, which includes Medical Devices, Established Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostics, excluding the impact of testing-related sales and areas of nutrition, not impacted by the recall.  
 We forecast COVID testing-related sales of approximately $4.5 billion with a significant portion of these sales expected to occur in the first half of the year. We continue to -- we'll continue to update our COVID testing-related sales forecast 1 quarter at a time throughout the year as appropriate.  
 Lastly, based on current rates, we would now expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of a little more than 3% on our full year reported sales.  
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Congrats on a good quarter. Maybe to start for Robert or Bob, you guys put up a good first quarter being on COVID testing sales had double-digit growth in most of the businesses. I was hoping maybe you can reconcile the strong 1Q and the reiterated guidance and walk us through some of the puts and takes and how to think about bridging the difference? 
Robert Ford: Sure, Robbie. I think you've been on these calls for a while. We rarely raised in Q1, I would say. And despite that, I mean, we've had a great start to the year as pointed out. And there's a lot of good things going on at the company. We talked a little bit about procedure recovery in the comments. We've seen good recovery in our device portfolio, especially in cardiovascular, seen routine diagnostic testing improving albeit a little bit slower than what we've seen in devices, but definitely the trend of recovery is there. .
 EPD execution is going very well, like I said in the comments, 3 out of 4 quarters, double digit, strong COVID sales, both in the U.S. and internationally. I think that's an important aspect here is our international presence, too. Talked a little bit about the pipeline and the approvals, not just the recent approvals, but the performance of some of the recently launched products. Bob talked about our cash flow generation and the deployment of that cash flow. We're able to kind of share part of that cash flow with our shareholders, but also to continue to invest in the business. 
 So there's a lot of good things going on here in the business, and -- but there are a couple of challenges that we're managing, and that's probably the piece there where the reconciliation that you're looking for is actually happening. First of all, obviously managing through the recall on the nutrition side, we're working with the FDA. And we've contemplated in that reiterated guidance, various scenarios here in terms of kind of restart dates and share recovery curves, et cetera. So it's simple to give an exact date right now as to when that restart starts. We're working closely with the FDA, but I see this more as a shorter-term challenge in the sense that once we align with restarting with the FDA then we'll begin to execute our strategy here in terms of coming back to market, resupplying the market and regaining the share. 
 Probably the second other part here, which is I think is a little bit not unique to Abbott. And I think you'll probably see this across a lot of companies is just the macro environment right now is -- has definitely changed versus where we were in January. And it's gotten a little bit more challenging. So -- and we expect some of that macro environment, whether it's supply chain, et cetera, to kind of be a little bit more persistent throughout this year. 
 So that being said, I wanted to see how these -- probably these 2 points here play out over the next couple of months, and we'll be in a better position to be able to assess that and on our guidance going forward after Q2. But like I said, there's a lot of great momentum in the business. Devices performing very well. Diagnostics performing very well. The parts of nutrition that weren't impacted by the recall continue to do very well.
 I'm not a big fan of the -- exclude this, but for that statement, but I think in the context of how the business is performing, I mean if you exclude the COVID piece, which was pretty significant for us and then just look at the business without the base business, without the impacted nutrition products, our growth rate was about 11%. And I think that reflects the strength of the portfolio, the investments that we've made and the execution. So in that guidance, that reiteration of $470 million, we've absorbed, as Bob said, more FX headwinds, absorbed some challenges in supply chain, absorbed portions of the nutrition recall. So I think it's the right EPS guide right now in terms of where we are after Q1. 
Robert Marcus: Great. And maybe as a follow-up, I think a lot of investors are focused on the go forward, realizing that January and February weren't the strongest months due to some of the elevated Omicron levels. So we heard Johnson & Johnson yesterday talk about reaching pre-COVID volume levels in April. It sounds like you exited and continue to see strong growth coming out of the quarter and into second quarter. I was hoping maybe you could give us a little more color on just the volume trends you're seeing, particularly in devices and diabetes, which was one that missed the street a little bit in the quarter? And how you're seeing the geographic spread and any differences there? 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean I think the storyline here was very similar, as I said in my comments. I mean it started off a little bit slower than we had anticipated in January, obviously, given Omicron and the surges there and the pressure that, that put on staff at hospitals. But definitely sequential improvement from a dollar perspective every month as we moved along the quarter, March was very strong. I've always talked about how we compare our businesses versus pre-pandemic levels to kind of avoid some of the comp issues that ultimately do exist. 
 If you look at our Q1 '22 growth rate versus 2019, we were up about 7.3%. So well ahead of where we were in 2019. And that was pretty broad-based. Geographically, the U.S. was up 6%, again versus 2019. And international was up over 8% versus 2019, too. So I think our device business has performed very well, and we've seen that improvement as we went through the quarter. The cardiovascular side has done very well as I've kind of given those numbers, and March was really strong, too. 
 I think it's -- part of it is recovery, Robbie, that we're seeing. But also -- I would also put in those numbers, I made these comments about recently launched products that we started launching last year. It's always a challenge to launch these new technologies in that COVID environment, but it was the right decision to make, and we're seeing good momentum on whether it's Amulet, Navitor in Europe, CardioMEMS, the rollout of EnSite X that began in Q4 of last year, our TriClip product. So I think all of that, it's the combination, I would say, of both recovery as the COVID cases subside, but also the new product launches and the pipeline that we put, which is driving this performance where, I'd say, we're ahead of where we were in 2019, having good growth rate in our cardio portfolio. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Robert, maybe back on the guidance question, right. The testing guidance was raised by $2 billion, right? That's perhaps $0.40 of upside and reiteration of the EPS, like what is offsetting the incremental tailwind from COVID rate? Like how much of this is FX, was this macro Russia versus the recall or inflationary pressures, I think, a little bit more granularity will be helpful. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I mean I think you hit on the key points there. I mean inflation -- additional inflation pressures is impacting some of that. We've got a couple of hundred million dollars that we've contemplated throughout the rest of the year in terms of friction on supply chain costs, input costs, freight and distribution. 
 The recall -- well, let me take a step back, the FX is probably about another about $0.05 of friction that we're having as we've seen the dollar strengthen and the rest of it is really coming from nutrition, but it's very difficult right now to be able to kind of pinpoint exactly. We've got a couple of different scenarios, as I said in the first question in terms of the restart and the curve. So we are seeing more COVID tests and more COVID sales. And that, like I said, is absorbing some of these challenges. 
Vijay Kumar: And then one on Libre. Sequentially, your revenue has declined. And I guess my question is you've been adding, I think, a couple of hundred thousand new patients starts. Is that new patient starts changing at all? How should we think about the incremental reimbursement in Japan? And was the seasonality or what drove the sequential Libre revenue trends? 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean I think we see some of that from time to time here, especially as you go from Q4 to Q1, Vijay. We've seen that a couple of times. I'd say internationally, the biggest driver of that is actually FX that created that. We've seen good growth internationally from Libre getting close to 20% on a very large base. And in the U.S., you're going to see some timing patterns there in terms of wholesaler ordering. I like to look at scripts, both new-to-brand scripts and total Rx scripts here in the U.S. and the sequential Q1 to Q4, there's definitely growth there. 
 So I think we've done a really good job in the U.S. We've grown our business in this quarter by 50%. Users now well over 1 million users. We've made the investments in the U.S., whether it's Salesforce, DTC advertising. I think the team is beginning to hit its stride over there. They know that I'm not satisfied. We always want to see more and believe that we can do more. But I think the U.S. is starting to kind of really hit its stride with those investments as the sales force gets deployed and establishes the relationships with what is new physicians that are getting introduced to CGM. So I think that's worked out very well. 
 If I take a step back, though, and move away a little bit from the RXs and the sequential, I think one of the key things here to really take a look at is the evolution of the CGM market. And I'm starting to really see now what we had always envisioned this market to start to be, which is a market that is shifting from what traditionally was more of a type 1, more of a pumper -- insulin pump kind of connectivity play, which is an important segment, but really start to move and expand beyond that. And we're starting to see signs of that. And I think Libre is a big driver. The value proposition of Libre is a big driver, whether it's physicians and payers, quite frankly, starting to see the value of the sensing technology across a much broader set of patients. 
 If you look at a U.S. base of patients, and we get to see this because we get to see the Rx data in terms of what medications the patients are using. And over 40% of our user base, which is pretty large in the U.S., is already type 2 non-intensive. And that, as I said, is really kind of an opportunity to expand this market and become a really strong growth driver. The Japan reimbursement that you just referenced, again, this goes back to a comment I made about. We see this as a mass market opportunity. 
 So counter to maybe how we think about reimbursement in different segments of devices where you're thinking about price of reimbursement versus patient TAM, we're looking at patient TAM much more than we are on the pricing side. We've got great reimbursement in Japan, but to be able to have access to all insulin users in Japan with our product is a great opportunity for us. 
 And then you're seeing the value proposition, again, really strong. There was a study that was published by U.K. NICE. And I think that, for me, is the ultimate validation of our strategy and the value proposition we offer where it was clearly shown to be extremely cost effective, whether you look at ICERs or Qualys in the U.K. by NICE and their view here of how this can benefit a lot of patients. 
 So that for me is the real exciting part of Libre is we're really starting to see that evolution from the CGM market to become much more than kind of a niche play and much more mass market play. And I think we're starting to see evidence of that, whether it's new studies or reimbursement access or even seeing physicians primary care docs start to really embrace the prescription of CGM for type 2s. So... 
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: Congratulations on a strong start to the year. Rob and Bob, I just wanted to start with just a question on gross margins. The 1Q performance was the highest since 20 -- quarters in 2019. Just wanted to better understand the sustainability of this profile? 59.1% despite all the challenges in place in 1Q, and then -- and should investors be thinking that return to 2019 gross margin levels in that 59% range plus is achievable in the out years? 
 And follow-up is on MitraClip. I just wanted to hear -- and Amulet, what have you learned in the early days, the Amulet launched as the #2 player in the U.S. left atrial appendage closure market that you can apply to your defense strategy starting this year, maybe carrying into next year when you're defending your MitraClip turf as the #1 player, assuming the U.S. [ PASCAL ] launch occurs in 2023? 
Robert Funck: Okay. Josh, I'll take the kind of the gross margin question. In the first quarter, our gross margin certainly benefited from the very high COVID testing sales. As I mentioned in my remarks, that actually, the fall-through on that was higher than we've seen in the past because of the production volumes that we had going through our plant, we're basically running full out on that. So our first quarter definitely benefited from that.
 As we look at the rest of the year, obviously, we're going to have the impact of the nutrition recall and the inflation, the increased inflation that Robert mentioned. Obviously, inflation is not unique to us. As we said back in January, we incorporated a sizable amount in our guidance at that point in time. And what we've seen, and I think a lot of other companies have seen as kind of an increase in some of those headwinds. And so we've captured that in our guidance for the rest of the year. 
 When I think out beyond this year and where gross margin goes, I mean, gross margin is something we focus on in the company constantly. We've got dedicated teams within each business that are focused on driving gross margin improvements. I mean, a lot's going to depend, I think, as we think out in the future, the evolution of inflation and supply chain dynamics and how those evolve over time, that will be a key component. And then obviously, as we grow the top line in our medical device business, that's accretive to the overall profile of the company. And so that's kind of where we see gross margin right now and potentially in the future. 
Robert Ford: Yes. On your question on MitraClip and Amulet, so I'll talk a little bit about MitraClip. I'd say the progression of MitraClip in the quarter was very similar to my commentary on our cardiovascular procedure, right? So we obviously had high COVID case kind of impacted but started to really accelerate growth towards the end of February and into March. So as those cases came down, we saw the improving growth rate. 
 But I'll tell you, I mean, while the growth rate has been strong and it's been strong for a while, Josh, I don't think we've really been able to benefit yet from the FMR indication, which we got kind of right in the middle of COVID. And as part of that, and I talked a little bit about this, to be able to benefit from this pretty significant kind of market expansion opportunity that we had with incredible robust data from COAPT, you have to really start to work those patient referrals and the referral networks. And we began doing that when COVID took its first break, and then that got put on hold again when Delta and Omicron served. So I'm really looking forward and the team is kind of already putting in place that strategy, again, to reengage the patient referral network so that we can really take advantage of this indication, which is unique to us and will be unique to us for a while. 
 Relating to competitive movements into the market, we just got to stay ahead. We've got to keep on investing in the product. So we've done that with MitraClip, staying ahead and iterating and improving on the performance of the product. We're investing in new trials. I talked about our investment that we're making in moderate risk surgery patients. That will be a great opportunity for us. 
 And we have a great team, and we have great relationships and a strong mitral position. So not discounting the fact that we'll have competition. We've had competition in Europe for a couple of years already. Germany is probably the second largest global market, and our position there remains at an 80% market share. So I acknowledge that we will have competition, but we do -- we have established this mitral leadership position, and we intend to defend it because of all the investments that we've made to create this market. So that's what I would talk about MitraClip. I still think the best is still to come because I don't think we've been able to tap into the opportunity of the FMR indication. 
 Regarding Amulet, listen, I think the team has done a really good job, again, reiterating the same kind of comments, a little bit challenged in the beginning of the quarter. And that was predominantly driven by the fact that we wanted to start the initial cases with every case being proctored. So difficult to move proctors throughout the U.S. and travel international, et cetera. 
 So that slowed us down a little bit in the beginning of the year. But I'll tell you, the team has done -- we spent a lot of time and attention and focus with them in February and March. And the team has definitely had a really strong exit to Q1, caught up in terms of all the contract closes that we had established as part of our plan in Q1. 
 So I think the commercial execution is doing really well, and that's supported really by the performance of the product. And once physicians have had an opportunity to get a couple of these implants done, it's a little bit of a different technique, but they feel comfortable with it and then they get the benefits of what the data shows is superior closure. And that's really because of our unique dual ceiling mechanism. 
 So there was some data that came out -- late-breaking data that came out of the AACC, which talked about the importance of leaks and leaks matter, whether they're big leaks or whether they're small leaks, they do matter. And even the small leaks were associated with an increase in thromboembolic events. So I think we're in a good position now with Amulet. I'm pleased with the commercial team and what they're doing in the clinical team, and we've got opportunities here to grow. I think momentum is building with Amulet. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: So Robert, 2 high-level questions for me. One, I'll push my luck a little bit and see if we can get any preliminary thoughts on 2023. You're getting a meaningful testing benefit this year, which may not materialize next year. So how do you feel about your ability to grow margins and earnings next year as testing demand drops? And I have one follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, we had a really strong quarter regarding testing, Larry. And I think to answer your question, I think you have to kind of look at what's going on a little bit right now in the U.S. and internationally. In the U.S., we saw cases decline pretty significantly in February. But I think we all agree that some of those cases that are being reported aren't covering all cases because of the use of the at-home testing systems, right, that are currently available. So I think that's part of the process that we're seeing as testing -- as we're moving more into this kind of endemic state. 
 And as we move to this endemic state, listen, vaccines have been incredibly powerful to be able to prevent serious illness to be able to protect the hospitals and the hospital system, but it's really testing that really allows us to kind of move to this endemic state and kind of live our day-to-day and it's more about surveillance and screening and checking. So -- and I think our product has done really well here. It's maintained a kind of preferred status here in the U.S., even with a pretty significant increase in product coming into the country, whether it's ease of use, its shelf life, the reliability it has, its studies, et cetera. 
 So I think that, that's an important aspect as we go into 2023 is do we have confidence that even in an endemic state does testing continue? And I would say, yes, it does continue. One portion that doesn't get a lot of attention is our international testing business. 50% of our sales in March of COVID tests came from the international markets. And I'd say, similar sense there of governments investing in testing and coming to Abbott as one of the preferred suppliers. 
 So I think that to answer your question, obviously, there's a certain amount that you can't overcome, right? But I do think that as we go into next year, we'll have a portion of our testing business that will look more like a flu kind of respiratory kind of endemic state. And I think that's going to be important as we continue to grow earnings. 
 And then on top of that, like I said, the focus of our medical device business, the investments we've made in our diagnostic systems and increasing the test menus over there. So I expect our base business to continue to grow very strongly. Yes, it's a little bit early regarding 2023, but we are planning. We are looking. We are looking at where we're going to be able to kind of grow and I'd say there will be some COVID business next year. I think we're in probably the strongest position to be able to kind of capitalize and lead in that market. And then our base business is going to do very strongly next year with all the investments we've made and new product pipeline that we've got. 
Larry Biegelsen: And Robert, you're in a unique position with your strong balance sheet. I saw you mentioned on the call, you bought back, I think, $2.5 billion in stock this quarter. What are your updated thoughts on M&A? And if you can't find attractive assets, are you going to continue to return cash to shareholders like we saw this past quarter? 
Robert Ford: Sure. On the M&A side, yes, I mean, I'll sound like a broken record here, Larry. I mean we're always looking. We're always studying. We're always looking at ways to be able to add to the company and add to our business, but it needs to be strategic. And from that perspective, I don't want to dilute our growth rate. I don't want to dilute our profiles. We need to make sure that we're looking at assets that will be additive to our growth into our profile. So at least the top line. So that's always there, and we're always looking. 
 Regarding the approach, listen, it's always a balanced approach, Larry. We're generating strong cash flow. We got a lot of financial flexibility here. We'll return $3 billion when you -- in terms of dividend this year, Bob talked about what we've done regarding buybacks. And we're always going to look at this kind of balanced approach. 
 We've made investments in our organic opportunities for growth because I believe that those are great returns for our shareholders, whether it's Libre, MitraClip, expansion of our medical devices, diagnostics, those are all opportunities that deliver great returns for our shareholders, and we'll take that balanced approach. And if there is an opportunity for more, we'll do more. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. 
JoanneWuensch: I'd like to circle back a little bit to the nutritional business. A lot of the feedback that I get from investors is some level of concern regarding brand name, brand damage, if you will. And I'm curious your thoughts on what it would take to sort of revamp this business up? 
Robert Ford: Sorry, you're referring to Nutrition business? 
JoanneWuensch: Yes. 
Robert Ford: Okay. Listen, we've got a very robust manufacturing network and a robust quality system. Obviously, there's a shortage of product in the market. I highlighted some of the things that we're doing to be able to kind of resupply the market. A key aspect of that is going to be the restart, and we're in that process. 
 We've got a strong brand with Similac. We've maintained a lot of contracts. We've been able to supply those contracts even with a little bit of this shortage. So I feel confident in our team's ability here to look at once we get restarted to be able to resupply the market and build back our share. We had just launched a new product last year -- end of last year with a blend of 5 HMOs and that's a significant advancement. And we were expecting that based on everything that we had studied and seen was going to be a big growth driver for us and kind of brand enhancers. So I think that's going to be important. 
 And yes, we'll have to make some investments as we go back to the market. But I'd say historically, when some of these issues have happened in the past, whether it's Abbott or other manufacturers, share does recover. The question is just kind of the timing and the curve of that recovery, but share do come to recover and you can look at past situations with other competitors and even with us. 
JoanneWuensch: And as a follow-up, forgive me for asking it this way. What's next? I mean, I don't think we're going to be talking about COVID testing in a year. I hope we're not going to be talking about it. But how do you see the sort of forward momentum of the company? Big picture? 
Robert Ford: Yes. Well, yes, I don't think we're going to be talking about COVID testing the way we're talking about it today or how we talked about it in the past year. But like I told Larry, I mean, I do think that there's going to be an opportunity for COVID testing to play a role in this kind of endemic state. 
 And as I've said in the past also, what COVID has allowed us to do is to further accelerate what we believe was a key trend in diagnostics and point-of-care diagnostics, which is the expansion and the decentralization of that testing outside of the lab into pharmacies, into people's homes and it being connected. 
 So I think that -- COVID has accelerated that, I guess, I would say. And we're obviously building menus where we'll be able to add to the ID NOW instrument, more panels, more different tests. Remember, when we started the pandemic, we had about 20,000 kind of instruments that's now fivefold in terms of the opportunity that we have to be able to expand menu into basically an asset that's been capitalized and deployed into the market. So that's what we've been working on from that perspective on the, I guess, I would say, on the rapid testing side on the decentralized testing side. 
 I'd say going back to the device portfolio, I mean there's still a lot of what next in our pipeline of products that we've just launched that are still in the early innings here. One of them that we got approved this quarter, which I'm really excited about, is Aveir and our leadless pacemaker. I think this is going to be a great opportunity to kind of reignite growth back in our CRM business. I mean we've seen an improvement already with the existing portfolio and had a 4% growth this quarter. 
 But I think Aveir is a real kind of game changer for our CRM portfolio. Obviously, the single chamber is a smaller part of the market. We know that it's about 15%. But I think when you're coming second to the market, you get to observe what needs to -- what could be addressed that maybe the first generation didn't do. And I think that our product whether it's retrievability, its ability to be retrieved, it's longer-lasting battery. 
 Right now, it's about 2x product that's on the market. But I think what's really exciting about this is its ability to upgrade to a dual chamber device. So it's upgradability is what we're hearing extremely big interest from the physician community. So I think that's a great opportunity for us that I think is really going to start to show as we evolve our trial for dual chamber and begin to collect data there. I think that's going to be a great opportunity for our CRM portfolio. 
 I look at CardioMEMS as another great opportunity that we have just really just started. The expanded indication is going to really open up the market. I've seen some of the implant trends that we've seen post-expansion indication, and that gives me a lot of excitement about what this product can be. We talked about Amulet. I think that the TAVR piece is one that, as I've said in the past, we're investing. I think Navitor is an extremely competitive product, and we're seeing that in Europe as we've launched it and been 6 months in the market now. 
 So there's great opportunities over there. Libre 3 is an opportunity for us, not only in the U.S., but in Europe to continue to expand the market. I think Lingo, as I said in the last call, is another great opportunity that is really in the early stages. But look at using our biowearable sensors outside of diabetes and looking at opportunities there. 
 So I think we have a lot of what next that are truly early in their early stages. And then on top of all the products that we've been talking about right now also. So I'm excited about the what next. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Steed from Bank of America. 
Travis Steed: Curious on the inflation supply chain, sounds like it's gotten about $200 million worse than the $500 million you had built into the P&L, just to confirm that. I'm curious what you're seeing the biggest pain points? Is it wages, raw materials, shipping costs and expectations on when that could start to ease to some degree? Or how you're thinking for a potential offset with price? 
Robert Funck: Yes. Travis, I'll take the question. This is Bob. So as we said back in January, we did incorporate a sizable impact into our 2022 guidance, which was about $500 million on the gross margin line. And as Robert mentioned, we've now incorporated an additional $200 million in gross margin impact in our current guidance. The biggest impact we're seeing is really on logistics and commodities and some other manufacturing inputs. It's not so much on the labor front. Labor is a smaller portion of our total product cost. So it's really on the commodities. 
 In terms of when this will ease and change, I mean, that's a very -- I think there's a lot of things that affect that and where the -- where inflation may go. We do know that historically, on commodities, we do see cycles. We do see commodity costs go up, but they also come down. And we would expect at some point, and it's very difficult to kind of call exactly when that will be, we will see some of the inflationary pressures subside. 
Travis Steed: And then given your presence in China, I would just kind of love to hear your thoughts on both China from a procedure standpoint and also a supply chain standpoint, just given how much of the business you have there? And any thoughts on the progress you're making with Libre 3 and the FDA would be great, too. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I think regarding China, I saw a little bit of an inverse in terms of what we saw in all the other geographies where started off pretty well in the quarter. And then as the lockdown started to occur, specifically in Shanghai towards the end of February and into March, started to kind of see the impact of that in our procedures. 
 We look at our testing platforms as kind of an early indicator and a proxy. So we saw those go down also during the month of April -- during the month of March. And I'd say, over the last 2 weeks in April, started to see a recovery of those diagnostic testing. So I think what we saw was a lot of the testing that was being done in the major kind of cities was shifted over to kind of PCR testing, together with rapid testing and that obviously impacted some of the routine hospital testing. 
 But we're starting to see that now probably 2 solid weeks of kind of positive trend back in the right direction. Still not at the level we were before the lockdowns, but definitely starting to move in the right direction there. 
 So I would expect just based on patterns that we've seen in the past that we're starting to kind of move to sequential week-over-week improvements in the procedures. And not all procedures are the same. Some of them return faster. Some of them have a different kind of recovery curve. But I do expect kind of the impact that we saw in March and a little bit in the beginning of April and devices start to kind of improve. Sorry, you had a question on Libre 3? 
Travis Steed: Yes, Libre 3. Any update on how the progress is working with the FDA or what the label might look like? Just any additional color would be great. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Like I mentioned in the call, we filed as an ICGM. I don't have much to kind of update you there regarding that. I will say that we have moved Libre 3 in Europe into -- from kind of more of a limited rollout in Germany a while back to kind of more of an accelerated conversion from Libre 2 to Libre 3. 
 And I think the process started really well in Germany. We got initial feedback from physicians, very positive feedback from the reimbursement system also. And that gave us the confidence here to kind of really begin to accelerate this market transition in Libre 3. We did that in Libre 2 also when we moved from Libre 1 to Libre 2 in Germany. That took us about a year. I think it's going to be faster than that with Libre 3. And we've got over 90% reimbursement coverage for Libre 3 in Germany. 
 So that's now moved into high gear, not only in Germany, but for the rest of the year. So I'm focused a lot on what we can do with Libre in the countries that we do have it approved. And right now, everything that we're seeing is that it is a very, very compelling product. 
Scott Leinenweber: Okay. Operator, we'll take one more question. 
Operator: Our last question will come from Matt Miksic from Credit Suisse. 
Matthew Miksic: Just in the context of some of these new products, I did want to maybe follow up with just a level set expectations, for example, the Avidity rollout and menu expansion, very strong growth in the quarter. Robert, if you could maybe talk about what's the duration of this rollout? I know it started into the pandemic. And what does that look like through this year and potentially through next year? 
 And then I know you touched this a few times here about Amulet. Just love to get your updated thoughts on where you think share could go in the next year, 18 months? You've made some comments in Q4. I know the pace is picking up here in the U.S.? Any numbers you could put around your thoughts there would be super helpful. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean Alinity is a multiyear strategy and rollout here, Matt. We're doing it not only with immunoassay, we're doing with clinical chemistry, we're doing with hematology. We're doing it with transfusion. This has never been done at this kind of scale to be able to really recycle all of our systems. So I think that if you look at the way the market is set up, the contracts are lasting between 7 to 10 years. So on any given year, you've got 15% of the market that's coming up for an RFP. 
 So regarding its legs like you're asking, I mean, I still think that we've got multiple, multiple years here. The COVID pandemic definitely slowed that down in terms of the renewal cycles, a lot of hospitals focusing on just dealing with the COVID. But I guess what I would say is there's plenty more to come. The key here is the balance between -- in that 15% that comes up for RFP, what's renewable to an existing customer and what's kind of share gain. And I think the team has done a really good job at being able to look at having a real strong balance about not just defending the base, and we've done that pretty well. So I'd say, 9 out of 10 accounts, we've been able to maintain. 
 And then if you look at the business that's coming up for grabs, I'd say our win rate here is over 50%. So when you think about that math, retaining 90% and winning 50% of the new businesses, that's what ultimately drives our top line growth. And then once you put those instruments in, then the key aspect here is to be able to expand the menu use of those instruments while they're in an account, right? 
 You've got the capital deployed, you've got the service cost that's kind of been deployed there. So everything we can do to be able to add new menus, new tests, et cetera, is accretive from both the top and the bottom line. So that's a big focus of the team on the R&D side is to be able to expand the menus concurrent to what I would say is kind of placement strategy that we have with the new systems. 
 So Amulet -- on your question on Amulet, listen, I think we continue to capture share. We estimate that we're in double-digit share position here in the U.S. Longer term, I would say, our aspiration is to build a significant share position. The European market is much smaller than the U.S. market. In that market, we have a 50 share. So I think the key thing here is for us is to -- every time you're a new player coming into the market, you have different technology. We believe ours is superior, but it's different in terms of how it gets used, how it gets implanted. So you need to make sure that the physicians as you roll it out learn how to use our product, our implant, our system. 
 And from there, you build off there. So I think we'll be looking at not only expansion into new accounts, but also utilization in existing accounts. And that's the piece that I'm actually getting very excited about it. As we've looked at the accounts that we started back in September and October, we're starting to see nice share movement over there. So that's very exciting for us. 
 So let me just close here. I think we've had a very strong start to the year, like I said in my prepared comments. We've reaffirmed our guidance that we set back in January, absorbing, I would say, impact of the nutrition recall, which we're working hard on to restart. Other parts and attrition are doing very well, and I expect them to continue to do very well. We're absorbing, as Bob said, challenges with inflation in the supply chain that many companies I know are facing, and we're absorbing some headwinds on FX side. 
 That being said, there's a lot of great things that are going on at Abbott in the company, a lot of positives. I talked about them in the beginning of the call. And I expect all of that positive to continue and to that momentum to continue to build on that business. Like I said, excluding COVID, excluding some of the recall products, our base business grew 11% in the quarter and the team is focused on building off that and building off that momentum. So thanks. 
Scott Leinenweber: Very good. Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-25 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission.
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we will take your questions.
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2022. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported another strong quarter and highly successful year for Abbott. For the year, we reported organic sales growth of 23% and ongoing earnings per share of $5.21, which reflects more than 40% growth compared to the prior year and exceeded the original EPS guidance we set last January.
 These last couple of years have truly been unique on many levels. The challenge throughout the pandemic has been the sheer breadth of its impacts. And for Abbott, it's reinforced the value of our diversified business model, which is uniquely balanced across multiple dimensions, including our business mix, customer and payer types, innovation cycles across our businesses and geographic footprint.
 We've always said that our business model allows us more opportunities to win during the good times and makes us more resilient during the tough times, and never has this been put to the test more so than over the past couple of years. It's been tested by a major global pandemic and has proven to be highly resilient, delivering strong growth and returns for our shareholders.
 COVID testing has been a big part of this, of course. We delivered 1 billion tests last year and approximately $300 million in the fourth quarter alone and continue to play a significant role in the world's response to the pandemic. But just as importantly, we demonstrated Abbott's strength across our company, delivering strong growth across our businesses while continuing to expand our portfolio with innovations that will fuel our success for years to come regardless of the pandemic situation.
 Turning to our outlook for 2022. As we announced this morning, we forecast ongoing earnings per share of at least $4.70, which reflects nearly 50% growth compared to our prepandemic baseline in 2019. We forecast organic sales growth for our base business, excluding COVID tests, in the high single digits, and our guidance includes an initial COVID testing sales forecast of $2.5 billion. We're seeing very strong demand for testing to start the year with the recent emergence of the Omicron variant. And as you know, forecasting COVID testing demand for more than a few months at a time has been challenging. Therefore, our initial forecast compromises sales that we expect to occur in the early part of the year. And we'll update this forecast 1 quarter at a time over the remainder of the year.
 I'll now provide more details on our 2021 results before turning the call over to Bob. And I'll start with Nutrition, where sales grew nearly 6% in the fourth quarter and over 7.5% for the year. Adult Nutrition delivered 9% growth for the quarter and double-digit growth for the year, led once again by Ensure, our market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand; and Glucerna, our leading diabetes nutrition brand.
 In Pediatric Nutrition, U.S. sales growth of more than 10% for the year was led by strong growth of Pedialyte, our oral rehydration brand; and market share gains for Similac, our market-leading infant formula brand. During the past year, we continued to expand our Nutrition portfolio with several new product and line extensions, including the launch of Similac 360 Total Care in the U.S. and continued global expansion of our PediaSure, Glucerna and Ensure brands with line extensions such as plant-based, lower-sugar and high-protein products.
 Turning to Medical Devices, where continued recovery from the impacts of the pandemic and strong growth in Diabetes Care drove sales growth of 16% in the quarter and nearly 20% for the year. In Diabetes Care, sales growth of nearly 30% for both the fourth quarter and full year was led by FreeStyle Libre, our market-leading continuous glucose monitoring system. Rebased Libre sales grew over 35%, which translates to year-over-year growth of $1 billion to a total of $3.7 billion in 2021.
 This past year, we continued to strengthen our Medical Device portfolio with several pipeline advancements and launches. In the U.S., expanded Medicare reimbursement coverage for MitraClip will make it possible for more people to benefit from this life-changing technology. We launched NeuroSphere Virtual Clinic, a first-of-its-kind technology that lets patients communicate with physicians and receive new treatment settings remotely. We received U.S. FDA approval for our Amplatzer Amulet heart device, which treats people with atrial fibrillation who are at risk of ischemic stroke. And we received U.S. FDA approval of our Portico heart valve replacement system for people with severe aortic stenosis; and CE Mark for Navitor, our latest-generation transcatheter aortic valve replacement system.
 Moving to Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, where sales increased nearly 6% in the fourth quarter and over 10% for the full year. Strong performance was broad based across several countries, led by India, Russia and China. EPD has performed well throughout the pandemic, fueled by strong execution and a steady flow of new product introductions in our core therapeutic areas.
 And I'll wrap up with Diagnostics, where COVID testing was a big part of the story but far from all of it. COVID testing sales were $2.3 billion in the fourth quarter with rapid testing platforms, including BinaxNOW in the U.S., Panbio internationally and ID NOW globally, compromising approximately 90% of those sales. Demand for testing continues to remain strong, and we remain committed to help ensure broad access.
 Since the start of the pandemic, we've invested significantly to build both U.S. and international manufacturing supply chains, and we're working to expand our capacity further to meet global demand. Excluding COVID testing sales, worldwide Diagnostics sales grew over 8% in the fourth quarter and 13% for the year. We continue to roll out Alinity, our innovative suite of diagnostic instruments, and expand test menus across our platforms. During the year, we placed more than 3,000 Alinity instruments for immunoassay and clinical chemistry testing, with approximately 2/3 of those placements coming from share capture. And in Molecular Diagnostics, excluding COVID testing, sales grew double digits in both U.S. and internationally as we continue the rollout of our Alinity m instrument for molecular testing.
 So in summary, 2021 was another highly successful year for Abbott. We continue to play a vital role in combating COVID-19 as a result of our massive scale we've built in rapid testing capacity. All 4 of our major businesses delivered strong performance this past year and are well positioned for continued success going forward. And we continue to strengthen our overall strategic position with a steady cadence of important new products from our pipeline in several attractive growth areas.
 I'll now turn over the call to Bob. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange.
 Turning to our results. Sales for the fourth quarter increased 7.7% on an organic basis, which was led by strong performance across all of our businesses, along with global COVID testing-related sales of $2.3 billion in the quarter. Excluding COVID testing sales, organic sales growth was 10.3% versus the fourth quarter of 2020 and 10.8% compared to our prepandemic baseline in the fourth quarter of 2019. Foreign exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 0.5% on fourth quarter sales, resulting in total reported sales growth of 7.2% in the quarter.
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L for the quarter, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 57.7% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 6.3% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 26.2% of sales. Our fourth quarter adjusted tax rate was 16.9%, which reflects an adjustment to align our tax rate for the first 3 quarters of last year with our revised full year effective tax rate of 15.5%, which is modestly higher than the estimate we provided in October due to a shift in the mix of our business and geographic income.
 Turning to our outlook for the full year 2022. Today, we issued guidance for the full year adjusted earnings per share of at least $4.70. For the year, we forecast organic sales growth, excluding the impact of COVID testing-related sales, to be in the high single digits. We forecast COVID testing-related sales of approximately $2.5 billion, with a significant portion of these sales expected to occur in the early part of the year. We'll update our COVID testing sales forecast 1 quarter at a time throughout the year. Based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 2% on our reported sales.
 We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 58.5% of sales for the year, which reflects our forecasted business mix, underlying gross margin improvement initiatives across our businesses, along with the impact of inflation on certain manufacturing and distribution cost.
 For the year, we forecast R&D investment of around $2.7 billion and SG&A expense of around $10.8 billion, which reflects investments to support several ongoing and upcoming new product launches and strategic growth initiatives. We forecast net interest expense of around $500 million, nonoperating income of around $375 million and a full year adjusted tax rate of approximately 14.5% for the year.
 Turning to our outlook for the first quarter. We forecast adjusted earnings per share of at least $1.50 and organic sales growth, excluding the impact of COVID testing-related sales, to be in the high single digits. Lastly, at current rates, we would expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 3% on our first quarter reported sales.
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Congratulations on a really strong finish to a strong year. Robert, can you talk about how you thought about the 2022 guidance? Why is $2.5 billion for COVID testing the right starting point? And how are you thinking about reinvesting the upside from COVID testing implied in the $4.70 EPS guidance? And I have one follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure, Larry. I'd say at the beginning of the year, you're coming into the year and you're trying to find the right balance, right? You're trying to find the right balance on your long-term growth opportunities that Abbott has, which I think are pretty unique, and balancing that with, I'd say, probably some uncertainty. And I'd say every year, there's a little bit of uncertainty at the beginning of the year, but I'd say this year is probably a little bit more than usual. So you're trying to find that balance, and I'm pretty sure we'll talk about some of the long-term growth opportunities.
 But if you think about some of the challenges in forecasting right now, there's a lot of dynamics that are existing from a macroeconomic standpoint that are out there that, quite frankly, aren't necessarily unique to Abbott. But they're out there, whether it's the pandemic and the duration of the current surge, potential new waves and how long they will last, staffing shortages that we've seen for the hospital base kind of part of our business; quite frankly, patients' willingness to go in, to do a procedure during the surges. So that's probably one kind of big bucket to look at.
 Another area, obviously, on the macro side is supply chains and inflation challenges that every company is facing, and obviously, kind of currency headwinds. So I'd say those are all challenges that are facing a lot of medtech companies, companies in health care, and quite frankly, a lot of companies outside of our sector.
 Probably what's a little bit different for us, another fact to consider in our forecast is just COVID testing and how is that going to play out throughout the rest of the year given the magnitude of what the testing could look like between it completely going away or it staying or increasing at this level.
 So factoring all those kind of elements over here, I think this was the right starting point for us, to start off like that. And I think this initial full year guidance is contemplating not only some of those challenges, but also contemplating on the flip side, a very strong underlying kind of Abbott base business, as I said in my comments, high single-digit growth. So there are definitely acceleration in a lot of our portfolio versus where we were prepandemic.
 We've got investment in this guidance to be able to support not only all of our launches that we engaged in towards the end of last year. Beginning of this year, we've got launches and opportunities. And that's all been contemplated and fully funded.
 And the initial COVID testing forecast of $2.5 billion, I don't expect COVID to simply go to 0 starting in the second quarter. But the challenge of forecasting, the magnitude, I felt, is the right way to -- and quite frankly, I talked about this in October, we will be updating it as we go along. We've got a -- we've built a lot of capacity. You've seen that over this last 1.5 years, especially in rapid testing. So we have that capacity, and we'll be updating it.
 So if we had typically done our $0.10 range guide here, Larry, our consensus, we would have been right in the middle of where you guys are at. But I didn't want to cap the upside, which is why we're at the least $4.70.
 So if I kind of sum it up, I look at our guidance now and I say, "Okay. We've contemplated as much as we can of some of the challenges that a lot of companies are facing, whether it's supply chain, duration of pandemic, medical device procedures, et cetera." I've fully funded our growth platforms that we're very excited about. And there's potential for the upside of more COVID testing because I don't think it goes away, which would then fall through at a good click and provide that upside.
 So I think that's probably the best way to summarize. It's derisked, fully funded for long-term growth opportunities, and we've got potential upside as we go into the remainder of the year. 
Larry Biegelsen: That's super helpful. Robert, just for my follow-up, Libre had another remarkable year. How are you thinking about Libre growth in 2022? And what are the drivers of that growth this year? 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, yes, I mean, you saw it. It continues to grow at a very strong rate and a very large base. 35 -- over 35% this year, 4 million users now. We've initiated geographic expansion of Libre 3, and that will start in the next couple of weeks. Moving out of Germany into U.K. and France, those are probably kind of key markets that we're expanding over the next couple of weeks.
 And if I think about 2022, Larry, I mean, I'm looking at here strong double-digit growth. We've been growing about $1 billion of incremental sales per year, and I expect that growth to be at least in that range. So that probably translates into a 25% growth.
 I think the biggest driver for us is, quite frankly, not just this year but as we look forward, it's still very underpenetrated, right? I'm talking about being a leader in terms of patients with 4 million users where we've talked about numbers between 60 million, 70 million, 80 million people around the world that could be benefiting from continuous glucose monitoring and sensor-based monitoring.
 So I'd say biggest opportunities we've got continue to be international. The CGM penetration internationally is still much lower than in the U.S. And then moving into -- more aggressively into patient segments that historically have been underpenetrated, you kind of look at the type 2s on single injection therapy. So we've got great opportunity there.
 U.S., I would say, is another good opportunity for us. We had very good year this year, close to like 16% growth. I think that's the number. Now over 1 million users. We've made the investments that we need to make last year in terms of sales force and advertising, and that's paying dividends. In terms of new users, we continue to have a high share of new user growth.
 So as you combine what we're doing internationally, expansion of Libre 3, continued growth in the U.S., expanding into a pretty underpenetrated population of type 2s, and I think we've still got -- like I've kind of said, still in the early innings of the Libre story here. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: I'll also add my congratulations on a nice quarter. Two for me. I'll ask them both upfront. First question, maybe you could spend a minute on cadence throughout the year. First quarter has a lot more COVID testing sales than we had thought but also implies somewhat of a different cadence than we have been thinking. So just top and bottom line, what are the impacts there? How is inflation, FX hitting throughout?
 And then second question is probably tied into it. If you could just touch on what you're seeing in current device and procedure trends as we sit here today and how you're thinking about the evolution of that over the course of '22. 
Robert Ford: Well, your first question has got multiple subquestions there, Robbie. So let me take the first one, and then I'll go back -- so I can take the second one, and then I'll go back to your first one because it does contemplate some of the challenges on inflation that might be worthwhile spending some time just talking a little bit about also.
 But in terms of demand dynamics, especially in the more hospital-based business here, Robbie, we saw a real nice trajectory recovery in the beginning of Q4. We were -- and I always like to compare versus 2019, at least for 2021, to avoid some of the comp pieces. So we were improving our growth rates in our probably more cardio-like businesses, let's use that as a proxy. It would be in that kind of 3% to 4% range and improving as the quarters progressed. And Q4 was looking like, again, a continuation of that progression until probably December, where we saw a pretty big drop because of Omicron in most of the device -- of our device businesses. Probably the only 2 that we didn't see that drop was Heart Failure, that was probably up in the mid-20s in December versus 2019; and obviously, Libre, which was up probably like in the 70s percent versus 2019.
 So we did have an impact in these parts of the business, again as -- predominantly driven by Omicron impact of not only staffing, I'd say, but also even just patients basically postponing a little bit and not wanting to go into a hospital. And I think that's continued a little bit here into January.
 I'd say geographically, seeing a little bit more of that impact in the U.S. compared to other geographies, at least for us. Europe and Asia have held up a little bit better than the U.S. And then we've contemplated as best as we can what that recovery curve is going to look like. We'll see some pressure on that, I'd say, probably January, February going into March. We expect it to get better, and then Q2 will be better. And if you look at the second half of this year, we expect for these businesses to be more at their normal run rate. So I think -- I'd say that's what we're seeing, and that's kind of how we're forecasting the rest of the year.
 Actually, I was pretty pleased that some of the new product launches that we had during the quarter -- we're always cautious about, okay, do we launch the product during -- in this environment? And they did pretty well, both in Europe and in the U.S., too. So I think that speaks well about still the need for the products and the technologies and the innovation.
 So the consumer side -- the consumer-facing part of our business, I mentioned Libre, but you saw it in Nutrition and EPD. They've done pretty well, the pandemic. They did pretty well in Q4. So didn't necessarily see the impact of Omicron to those businesses like we didn't see it in Delta either. So we would expect those businesses to be pretty resilient. And the key driver there, as I talked a little bit about Libre, is just kind of innovation.
 On your first question regarding cadence, I mean, part of it is this combination that I said, recovering device and core testing procedures that we see going into Q2 and into Q3 and Q4. And then as we have more, let's say, call it, confidence in precision regarding our COVID testing, we'll see that kind of flow through, and then we'll be able to update you. I think when we're here in April, we'll have a better sense of what Q2 is going to look like, not only for the U.S. but also internationally. And as I said, having that ability to then kind of update the forecast with that COVID number, we'll let it flow through.
 So I think you also had a question about inflation. I mean that is another area that we're working on and focused on and probably ask Bob to give you some color on that. 
Robert Funck: Okay. Yes. And Robbie, you actually kind of asked about currency and inflation. I'll cover currency first. I mean we saw the U.S. dollar kind of strengthen since the middle of last year, in particular over the last few months. And so as I said in my opening remarks, at current rates, that's about a 2% headwind on the top line for the year. We're going to see that -- a greater impact in the first quarter, around 3% and kind of -- and in the second quarter. And it'll get -- the impact will be a little bit less severe as we go -- kind of go through the course of the year into the back half of the year.
 In terms of inflation, inflation and supply chain challenges are really kind of linked together as supply chains have not been able to catch up to the strong demand that's out there. And so we're seeing some impacts here, certainly not unique to us or our industry. And we're seeing those impacts across transportation cost, manufacturing inputs, commodities, et cetera.
 From a pricing standpoint, we have the flexibility to adjust price a bit in some areas of the business, and we're doing so. That's really more in the consumer-facing businesses like Nutrition. In other areas of the business, that flexibility doesn't exist. So I'd say in aggregate, kind of across those headwinds, we're seeing impacts on gross margin of roughly $0.5 billion, and that's contemplated in our guidance.
 And I think as supply chains start to normalize over time, we would expect to see improving cost in some areas. For example, in commodities for Nutrition, those costs have kind of moved up and down historically over time. But currently, our kind of outlook doesn't assume any significant changes kind of versus the current dynamics that we're seeing in the market. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: I have 2 questions. Maybe my first one was on the new product side. Robert, you made some comments on perhaps a consumer kind of product at CES at Lingo. I'm just curious, how do you see the opportunity here, right? It's slightly different perhaps from our perspective. But for Abbott, I mean, you guys have played in consumer markets. How big is this opportunity? Perhaps some sense for when U.S. launch timing could be. And should we expect more analytes, right? I think you guys had 4 analytes at CES, but I'm curious, is there -- are there other products expected to come down the pipeline? 
Robert Ford: Sure, Vijay. So we made a decision to put a stake in the ground here and start talking about what we've always believed to be another opportunity, a sizable opportunity for Abbott, and that was really using the Libre platform that we had developed to look into other analytes, other areas. I talked about this recently, and quite frankly, we've talked about it several years ago also. And you referenced some of the analytes that we have been working on: ketones, lactate, alcohol, glucose for people with known diabetes. And those are big opportunities.
 As I've said, the model is a little bit different. It is probably a much larger TAM in terms of people, but the usage of the sensors is probably more intermittent than you would kind of get on a person, for example, with diabetes today, where we're very clear whether you're a type 1 on a pump or a type 1 injector or a type 2, like we know through the data we've covered here in terms of the usage patterns. So the usage pattern is a little bit different, but the sample size is significant.
 If you think about like a keto sensor and the opportunity to be able to provide real-time feedback for somebody who's trying to manage their keto diet, I think there's a large amount of people, large consumer pool that whether it's more disciplined keto diets or kind of more on an on-off basis, there's a very large amount of people. And we'll have to just think about how to market it a little bit differently, and our go-to-market strategy will be a little bit differently.
 But I'd say -- we've always seen this as a big opportunity. And we funded it, and we have a separate team that is obviously leveraging the platform, but they're managed differently. They have a completely different organizational structure, and they're just focused on developing not only the technical side of the analytes but obviously doing all the market development work. So we're really, really in the early inning stages here, but I think the numbers could be pretty significant and pretty large. And why not? Over a good period of time, maybe it's even bigger than diabetes once you line these up.
 The first phase of analytes, we announced at CES that this is our intention, that we were designing these. Timing, we expect to launch our first products outside of the United States towards the second half of this year. In the United States, we'll obviously be having the conversations with the agency in terms of how that regulatory path is going to shape up, probably a little bit too early right now to talk about that. But we're very excited about this opportunity because we've seen this opportunity many, many years back and made the moves.
 On your question about other analytes, yes, I would say Part 1 -- or Phase 1, I would say, is what I would call these more consumer-facing, more consumer-driven opportunities. But we are looking at other analytes that we probably have, I would say, more of a medical clinical application, whether it's in the hospital or for discharges, et cetera. So there is opportunity there that we're also working on. So I think it's very large, and we're just in the beginning right now in terms of market creation. 
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Robert. And maybe my second question, in the balance sheet, I think you guys probably have over $40 billion of capacity right now conservatively. With valuations coming down, what kind of opportunities do you see? And one of the things that always frights me is Abbott is very large in diagnostics, #1, #2 in most of your end markets. If you look at diagnostics, liquid biopsy, cancer screening diagnostics is -- that's a massive opportunity, but I don't see Abbott having a stake in the ground in that area. Is that an area that would interest Abbott? 
Robert Ford: Well, answer that specifically, I'm not going to necessarily show all of my cards here. But I guess what I will say regarding the M&A question here is yes, there's -- there seems to be some dislocation now. And I think this could make sense. If there's anything out there that looks strategic for us and that makes financial sense, then yes, we'll be -- we've got plenty of capacity, as you said. We've generated a lot of strong cash flow, and quite frankly, it's been a meaningful step-up in that cash flow over the last kind of 1.5 years or so. So yes, strategically financial fits, as I've always said, we're in a great position now to be able to look at that.
 Devices and diagnostics, I will say, are the areas that we're looking at more carefully. Scott's team is always looking at everything, but he's got more special lens here in devices and diagnostics. The areas that you referenced are areas that are in the list of things that we would be interested in looking at.
 Tuck-in and medium-sized deals probably are more likely, if -- again, if those situations present themselves. But again, we're always looking at everything. So I would say yes, nothing has changed regarding what I've said about M&A, if it's strategic and it makes financial sense and we can deliver value for our shareholders. We are now in a great position as a result of all the efforts that we've had, quite frankly, on cash flow conversion. And now with kind of COVID cash, that also helps. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: Rob, just first, wanted to ask a question on 2022 guidance. And understand you don't want to put the top end of the range there and cap the upside. Clearly, there's a potential upside with the increased COVID testing outside of that $2.5 billion revenue stream that you're expecting in the early part of the year. But just in a scenario where COVID testing does fall off in that guidance for the revenue from that franchise turns into reality, can you just refresh us on some of the other levers you have that you can pull to drive EPS growth?
 I think last year, in June when COVID testing fell off, your team talked about share repurchase, accretive M&A, some cost-cutting reductions. But just wanted to get a refresh there and see if you could help us think through those levers.
 And then second question is just on the diabetes franchise. And clearly, Libre has a long runway. You're looking -- I believe you just talked about in one of your answers about the consumer opportunity. But how should we be thinking about the diabetes franchise and Abbott's desire to kind of leverage the positioning there with other products, either insulin delivery devices or other portfolio adds as we move into 2022 and beyond? 
Robert Ford: Sure. On your first one, I mean, like I said, we derisked, we fully funded, and we've got the potential upside for the COVID testing. If COVID testing in that scenario, which I think is highly unlikely, kind of falls off, then we'll have to obviously look at kind of the investments we're making and kind of make the adjustments that we have to make, especially as we start to move into 2023.
 I don't think that is the case. I think that COVID testing is going to be still around. I think Omicron has catalyzed a pretty significant shift in global rapid testing and screening. And the question here is just going to be how does it evolve over the next kind of 9 months, 12 months here.
 So -- but that being said, to your question on that scenario, you'd have to make adjustments. As I've said, we would. But right now, I'm managing -- we're managing the enterprise as a whole, and we obviously got profits that are coming from COVID that we're reinvesting into the business. If that turns out to not be the case this year then, like I said, we're fully funded on our growth platforms. And then we'd have to kind of make adjustments or look at that investment level as we go into 2023.
 Buybacks is another opportunity that we've got. We've got a lot of flexibility here also. Last year, we bought -- I think it was about $2 billion in 2021. And I'd anticipate being active in the market again this year since we do have that capacity.
 So -- and your second question, I think, was on diabetes, right, and growth opportunities. Is that -- could you just... 
Joshua Jennings: Sorry. Absolutely. Just thinking about anything you can share just in terms of internal development programs outside of advancing Libre in diabetes and on the consumer channel on the sensing side. Any other products within the diabetes device realm that you could add to the portfolio? Or should we be thinking about the diabetes franchise just sticking with the playbook that you have that's been so successful over the last number of years and has a long runway? 
Robert Ford: Got it. Got it. So listen, yes, we're in the beginning here. There's still a lot of opportunities, still a lot of underpenetration, whether it's internationally or type 2s. As I've said, key aspect here is to ensure your pipeline is relevant and is advancing. We've launched Libre 3 in Europe, and we'll be expanding that launch now globally.
 I expect to be able to bring Libre 3 here into the U.S. I won't necessarily get into the specifics, but I figured you guys would eventually ask this. We have filed Libre 3 here in the U.S. as an iCGM to the FDA last year. I won't get into specifics about timing there, but it's the -- review process happens in the same agency that reviews diagnostic tests. So as you would imagine, there's a lot of busy work going on with that area of the agency.
 So we've obviously seen our data that we've submitted to the agency. We've obviously seen now data from a competitive system. And I'd say we're feeling pretty good about where we stand. So I think that's -- a key component there is to expand the portfolio.
 I've talked about Libre 4, not necessarily what exactly is that, but we do have that as an active program. Connecting to insulin delivery systems is also part of that strategy. And we've got active programs with all pump suppliers and pen delivery systems also to be able to connect Libre onto that.
 So I think we'll stay focused on making the best sensor, sticking to our strategy of consumer-friendly, showing outcomes, price for access and affordability and continue to innovate with our sensor platform and then look at opportunities to use those sensors to not only expand into other platforms, but also to connect to other devices. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. 
JoanneWuensch: I have a big picture one and a specific one. Big picture, one of the themes of your keynote address at CES was the marriage of tech and medtech. And I'm curious if you could highlight how you sort of take that lens in terms of your product pipeline.
 And then my specific question has to do with your Structural Heart franchise. Portico is out in the market, Amulet is out in the market, and I would love just a little bit of an update on how those products are doing. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So yes, I've talked about this convergence. And quite frankly, we've seen this convergence occurring probably when we are doing the St. Jude acquisition and integration. And we started to set a lot of our portfolios to be able to connect to whether it's consumer electronics or cloud or other elements like that to ultimately be able to empower the consumer and just provide better solutions to ultimately improve outcomes.
 So I think you saw the device portfolio has been going down that path for quite some time now as very pleasantly -- very pleasant to see that start to look not only in the Cardiovascular side, also in the Neuromodulation side. As I said in my opening comments on our virtual clinic, I think that's got an opportunity to change the business model of that business, and at the same time, provide better outcomes for not only DBS but also spinal cord stimulation, too.
 So you've seen that in devices. We then started to see Diagnostics, and you saw over that thinking. As we developed Binax, we wanted to make sure that we were kind of integrating not just our expertise in developing an accurate test to be able to detect COVID, but also integrate it into an app where you can kind of have your pass and your phone, et cetera, and working with partners to be able to kind of do that. So I think you're seeing it across all of the portfolio.
 In our pharma business, we're using digital tools to be able to ensure that patients are taking their medications. So that's pretty -- I'd say, a strategic element going across all of our businesses and how we're thinking about it. So it's not -- I wouldn't say it's just one part of the portfolio, but I think it's a convergence that is happening, and we want to be leaders in that convergence across all of our portfolio.
 Regarding your question on Structural Heart. So I think you mentioned Portico and Amulet. Listen, Amulet, we received approval in Q3 last year, moved quickly to launch. I'd say initial feedback has been very strong, especially in the areas of superior closure rates, the need to be able to leave the hospital without blood thinners. And also, we've heard a lot of broader sizes to better fit more anatomies and give them more of that flexibility. So that's done very well.
 As part of the launch, we wanted to make sure that we had good proctoring -- good peer-to-peer proctoring. So obviously, that became a little bit of a challenge in November and December after Thanksgiving and into December. But I think despite all of that, I think we've done pretty well. I think we did about 500 procedures last year, mostly happening -- mostly in Q4. And if you look at what we did in December, that would put us at about a 10% market share, which is -- which I think is pretty good. Obviously, we're not satisfied with that, given what we know we can do and what we've done in Europe. But I think it's very much aligned to where we wanted to be regarding the end of the year and as we enter into 2022. So I think that's going very well.
 Portico, we're -- as I've said, this is an important area for Structural Heart. We know that there are 2 entrenched competitors in there. We think we've got a great technology also, and we're going about it very systematically, very methodically to build our position.
 We launched our generation 2 product in Europe, our Navitor product. And again, that's received great feedback also, and there's a pretty competitive clinical profile here for high-risk surgery patients. So we're making the investments that we know we need to make to be able to expand our position here. So I feel good about our Structural Heart portfolio. I've talked about how this is a big opportunity for us. We've made the investments, and I think we're in a great position as we go into 2022. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. 
Matthew Taylor: So I just had 2 margin questions I wanted to ask. The first one, I guess I'll frame it as, if we take the 1 50 from Q1, that implies about $1.06 to $1.07 for the remaining 3 quarters of the year. So is that how we should view your base business earnings power? Or are you still spending more through the year from some of the COVID testing profits or being conservative? Would love just any additional color on the base business earnings power ex testing. 
Robert Funck: Yes. Matt, I'll take that. This is Bob. So we don't really think about earnings or at the bottom line base versus COVID. We manage the whole company. Obviously, the first quarter is benefiting from the majority of the COVID sales that we've got forecasted at this point in time, kind of our starting point. But we funded our growth throughout the rest of the quarter. So what you have is COVID testing, initial COVID testing sales in that first quarter, but our investments throughout the entire year. And so as we update our COVID testing each quarter, kind of as Robert talked about, that will fall through, certainly at a higher level than our overall margin profile. 
Robert Ford: I'd just add on to that, Matt, we absolutely expect there to be COVID testing after the first quarter. The question is at what level. And as I said in the beginning, to be able to kind of forecast a full year out like that, given the magnitude of how this can shift, it's just prudent to do it a quarter at a time. So when we're here in April, we'll have a better sense of what Q2 is going to look like in terms of COVID testing, and we'll be able to kind of update you there, okay? 
Matthew Taylor: Got you. Can I just have one follow-up on -- so on gross margin, you mentioned that there was about $500 million headwind from inflation and supply chain. And so I guess if we add that back in, you're getting to gross margins closer to 60%. Ex that, I was just wondering if you could talk about expectations for gross margins going forward longer term if things normalize. And if you could kind of see those levels in 2023, if things improve or just pluses and minuses on gross margins longer term? 
Robert Funck: Well, I think the add back gets you a little bit below that. But the way we think about gross margin every year is looking for ways to expand that. Every one of our businesses has dedicated teams focused on gross margin initiatives. And you're seeing some of that benefit actually in our 2022 forecast helping to offset the impact of the inflation that we're seeing. We continue those programs. They are not a 1-year program. We do them every year, and we'll continue to do those into next year.
 The other thing we're seeing is a benefit of kind of the business mix. So as medical devices and routine diagnostic testing recovers, that benefits our overall gross margin for the business. Obviously, Robert talked about a lot of the opportunity. Some of the opportunities is even more that we have to drive growth in our Medical Device business as well as in Diagnostics. And as we grow those businesses, that will have a positive impact overall on our gross margin profile. 
Robert Ford: Okay. Let me wrap up here then. Thanks, Bob. Listen, I'll finish by saying a little bit how I started. I acknowledge that there's a lot of uncertainties in the macro environment right now and the challenges that, that creates in terms of forecasting for investors, at least in the short term: pandemic, how long will it last, phases, transition to endemic, recovery curves of procedures. I get some of the challenges of that forecast. But if I look at the market here at the start of the year and look at health care sector, specifically medtech and diagnostics, definitely been disproportionately hit by some of those uncertainties.
 And I think if you take a step back, I think it's important to remind ourselves the -- that health care still remains a very, very important need and a great long-term growth area because I think none of the long-term market fundamentals have changed in the pandemic. If anything, some of them have gotten even better and accelerated. So I think the demographic trends are still very favorable.
 And procedures and routine testing, they're going to come back, whether it's a month, 2 months, et cetera. It's just difficult to predict with that perfect degree of precision, but they'll come back. And if you look at the innovation pipelines across the entire industry, they have never been stronger. And within that context, I think Abbott's pretty uniquely positioned here. We're in great markets, leading positions in several large, fast-growing segments: diabetes; devices; diagnostics, including COVID testing; nutrition; emerging market, pharma. We have strong positions, brands, franchises across all of these.
 So -- and to one of the questions, I think we're leading in the digital transformation that's going to be more patient-centric care, whether it's with biowearables, whether it's connected devices, remote monitoring, et cetera. And then you layer that diversification that I talked about in my opening comments, which I think is very unique, it maximizes our growth opportunities, and it does provide a natural hedge to some of these macro environment impacts that we're going to see from time to time. And that diversity is not just on the business mix, but customers, payer types, obviously, geographic footprint and a very strong and resilient supply chain.
 So you translate all that into real strong, sustainable, strategic financial health, whether it's growing revenues, cash flows, dividends. We've got a rock-solid balance sheet. I talked about the opportunities that we have with it. So I think we're in a really good position strategically, financially, and I'm excited about all the growth opportunities that lie ahead of us.
 So with that, I'll wrap it up and I'll thank everybody for joining us today. 
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-19 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. 
 With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.  
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions.  
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including expected financial results for 2021. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.  
 Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.  
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange.  
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us.  
 Today, we reported results of another very strong quarter. Ongoing earnings per share were $1.40, reflecting nearly 45% growth compared to last year, and sales increased more than 22% on an organic basis. Excluded COVID testing-related sales, which totaled $1.9 billion in the quarter, organic sales increased 12% versus last year.  
 As we've seen since the start of the pandemic, our diversified mix of health care businesses continues to prove highly resilient. Even as COVID case rates surged in the U.S. and other geographies during the third quarter, strong growth in our more consumer-facing businesses, Nutritionals, Established Pharmaceuticals and Diabetes Care, mitigated the modest impacts we saw from the surges in certain areas of our hospital-based businesses.  
 This has been a consistent theme throughout the pandemic, as evidenced by an increase in total company sales, excluding COVID test of 11% on an organic basis through the first 9 months of this year compared to our 2019 pre-pandemic baseline, which highlights that our growth is real and not simply a function of easy comps versus last year. As a result of our strong performance and outlook, today, we increased our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance range now at $5 to $5.10, which reflects nearly 40% growth compared to last year.  
 I'll now summarize our third quarter results before turning the call over to Bob. And I'll start with Nutrition, where sales increased 9% compared to last year. Strong growth in the quarter was led by U.S. Pediatric and international Adult Nutrition. In Pediatric Nutrition, sales grew over 8.5% in the quarter, led by strong growth in the U.S. from continued share gains in our infant formula and toddler portfolio. Sales of Pedialyte, our market-leading rehydration brand, once again grew strong double digits, driven by market uptake of several recently launched new products as well as investments we're making in direct consumer promotion.  
 In Adult Nutrition, sales grew over 9% in the quarter, including mid-teens growth internationally as we continue to see strong demand for our Ensure and Glucerna brands, including new users entering these categories and existing customers increasing their usage.  
 Turning to Diagnostics. Sales increased more than 45% overall and 12.5%, excluding COVID testing-related sales. During the quarter, as the Delta variant spread and COVID cases surge particularly in the U.S., demand for testing increased significantly, most notably for rapid tests. In total, during the quarter, we sold more than 225 million COVID tests globally and have now shipped over 1 billion tests since the start of the pandemic.  
 Over the last several months, we've learned that COVID vaccines, while a powerful tool, are not the lone solution needed in our global fight against this virus. Testing, particularly rapid testing, which is fast, affordable and easy to use is an important companion to vaccines and therapeutics. Abbott has established a global leadership position in rapid testing, including a supply capacity of more than 100 million tests per month.  
 Moving to established pharmaceuticals, where sales grew more than 15%, driven by strong execution and a steady cadence of new product introductions. Strong sales performance in the quarter was broad based across several countries, including double-digit growth in China, Russia and India, which led to overall sales growth of 18% in our key emerging markets.  
 And lastly, I'll cover Medical Devices, where sales grew 13% in the quarter compared to last year and more than 16% compared to pre-pandemic sales in the third quarter of 2019. Strong performance in the quarter was led by double-digit growth in Rhythm Management, Structural Heart, Heart Failure and Diabetes Care.  
 In Structural Heart, we continue to enhance our portfolio in large, fast-growing markets with the recent U.S. FDA approvals of Amulet, which closes the left atrial appendage in the heart to help reduce the risk of stroke and people with atrial fibrillation; and Portico for transcatheter aortic valve replacement.  
 In Heart Failure, we announced results from the GUIDE-HF trial of our CardioMEMS system. As with many other recent and ongoing clinical trials across the health care industry, a portion of the CardioMEMS trial overlapped with the COVID-19 pandemic. After adjusting for this impact, CardioMEMS demonstrated a 28% reduction in heart failure hospitalizations. And we filed with the U.S. FDA for label expansion based on the trial data in the middle of this year.  
 During the quarter, we also added an attractive growth platform to our vascular device portfolio with the acquisition of Walk Vascular, a commercial stage company with a minimally invasive thrombectomy system called JETi that removes peripheral blood clots. Peripheral thrombectomy is a large, high-growth area where we can leverage our existing commercial presence.  
 And I'll wrap up with Diabetes Care, where strong growth was led by FreeStyle Libre sales of nearly $1 billion. During the quarter, we added over 200,000 new users, bringing the total global user base for Libre to well over 3.5 million users.  
 So in summary, we continue to achieve strong, well-balanced growth across all of our major businesses, which is being fueled by strong execution and a steady cadence of new products. COVID testing -- particularly COVID testing remains an important companion to vaccines and therapeutics, and Abbott has established a strong leadership position in this area. And based on the strength of our performance and outlook, we're raising our EPS guidance for the year, which now reflects growth of nearly 40% compared to last year.  
 I'll now turn over the call to Bob to discuss our results and outlook for the year in more detail. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance.  
 Turning to our results. Sales for the third quarter increased 22.4% on an organic basis, which was led by strong performance across all of our businesses, along with global COVID testing-related sales of $1.9 billion in the quarter. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, organic sales growth was 12.1% versus last year and 11.7% compared to the third quarter of 2019.  
 Foreign exchange had a favorable year-over-year impact of 1% on third quarter sales, resulting in total reported sales growth of 23.4% in the quarter.  
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L for the quarter, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 58.8% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 6% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 25% of sales. Our third quarter adjusted tax rate was 15.5%, which reflects an adjustment to align our year-to-date tax rate with our revised full year effective tax rate forecast of 15%. The revised full year forecast is modestly higher than the estimate we provided in July due to a shift in the mix of our business and geographic income.  
 Turning to the outlook for the fourth quarter. We forecast $1 billion to $1.4 billion of COVID testing-related sales and forecast organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing-related sales, in the low double digits versus last year. And based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of around 0.5% of 1% on our fourth quarter reported sales.  
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Great. And congrats on a really nice quarter. So maybe after such a good quarter led by COVID testing, I feel like you have a unique perspective looking at both sides of the coin from COVID testing, volumes and also device procedure volumes. So Robert, I'd love to get your sense of where you think we are here in fourth quarter and heading into 2022. And any early thoughts you could give us on sort of how to think about the progression of COVID testing sales and the recovery and durability of medtech volumes? 
Robert Ford: Sure. I think regarding COVID testing, we obviously -- since the start here of the pandemic, we've been learning a lot. And I think one of the things that as we developed our strategy for that, we always believe that the rapid test was going to be a kind of more sustainable part of the business. And I think we were pretty right there. I'd say the key thing that I -- and I made this in the comments, in the opening comments, the key thing that we learned over the last, let's say, couple of months here is that the vaccine is just an incredible tool for the value. It's had a huge impact on public health around the world. 
 But alone, it's not enough. We know that dramatically reduces hospitalizations, dramatically reduces mortality. But I think we're all seeing here that even if you're vaccinated, you could still get and you could still transmit the virus. Obviously, you're not heading to a hospital, but I think we've all heard and seen stories of that. So I think that's the biggest kind of learning here for us as we go into Q4 and as we go into next year is that testing is going to remain an important companion here. And even with therapeutics, it's still going to remain an important part of fighting the virus.  
 And I think we've also learned a lot about understanding kind of the difference between symptomatic testing and screening testing. And we started to pay much closer attention to understanding the channels and the platforms that are more aligned to symptomatic testing versus screening testing. And we can definitely see a correlation on the symptomatic testing with cases going up, cases going down.  
 What we don't see that correlation is, is on screening. So even as cases have started to come down a little bit in the U.S., actually screening demand has increased quite a bit. So I think that is another kind of key learning as we think about going into Q4 and thinking about going into next year also. The other, I'd say, key distinction we've started to make is understanding kind of government purchasing a test versus kind of private. And I'd say in the beginning of the pandemic, most of our sales were focused to governments, whether international governments, federal government here in the U.S., state governments also. And that continues to be pretty strong.  
 But what we've seen now grew pretty significantly. And I think it's aligned to the screening pieces, the private side of the market, whether it's OTC, cash pay, whether it's a lot of companies. We've seen a lot of companies in the last couple of months here, signed contracts with us to ensure that they've got rapid testing to be able to give to their employees. So while we're not seeing -- we only see some shelf and stocking issues at the retail and those will work their way through that in the next couple of weeks, we are seeing still a lot of companies buy test to give to their employees.  
 So I think all of this is basically saying, listen, I don't know how much is going to be there next year, but it's clearly here that, that screening segment of the market is going to be an important part, even with therapeutics and vaccines. So I think that's going to be an important part. Our base business has done very well, continues to be on a recovery trajectory here, Robbie. Started in Q2, we saw that in devices. We saw that in Diagnostics. Yes, there was some there was some softness during Q3 as Delta and cases increased here in the U.S. That's probably more in August and throughout half of September, we started to see it kind of re-picked back up again towards the end of the quarter, first couple of weeks. We like what we're seeing here in terms of some pickup.  
 But these were pockets. I wouldn't call it like a general softness and slowdown or pockets here in the U.S., some pockets in some countries. But generally speaking, that base business is doing very well. So when you think about 2022, I expect our base business -- our underlying base business to continue that momentum, very strong momentum across the board, especially with all of our new product launches.  
 And the question here is going to be COVID. And I think it's going to be very difficult, as we go into next year, to be able to forecast a full number, a full year number of COVID next year. I think we're probably thinking about, okay, well, there's probably a COVID number that we're comfortable going into 2022. And then we'll have to update on a rolling quarterly basis here how COVID's going to play out throughout next year.  
 So that's kind of how I see it. COVID is going to -- COVID testing will be there. We'll have to kind of do it more on a rolling basis as we go to next year. And our base business continues to accelerate. There was a little bit of softness in Q3, but I like what we're seeing in terms of recovery. And I like the portfolio that we built around our cardio business, our EPD business, our Nutrition business, our Diagnostic business. So that's all good. 
Robert Marcus: Great. Great. That was really helpful. And then maybe, Robert, to build on that, I know it's still very early in your planning process. But as you just said, there's a lot of variables, a lot of moving pieces. You've had a great year in devices so far, a bumper year in testing. Any early thoughts on how investors should be thinking about 2022 versus 2021 from a top and bottom line perspective? 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean I think like I said, we're still in our process. We'll give our guidance in 2022 in January, like we always do, Robbie. And I want to see a little bit more in terms of how this pandemic is unfolding here, especially on the COVID side, but on the base business side. I think our base business, I would say is, we've been pretty good at forecasting our business both from a top line, from a margin on our base business. 
 So I think what you can expect in 2022 is that base business getting even stronger with the rollout of all these product launches that we've announced over this year. And then the question here really is going to be kind of COVID testing. And like I said, we'll have a portion of it that, I think, we'll feel good about putting it in. And then we'll have to be updating on a rolling basis. 
 And I think that's kind of how to think about it. The base business, which is probably the more sustainable piece, is building momentum. And it will go into 2022 with a lot of growth opportunity. And then we'll have to kind of look at COVID on a more rolling basis. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. 
Robert Hopkins: Congrats on some solid execution. I just have 2 questions. And in the interest of time, I'll just mention them both upfront because the first one is pretty straightforward. The first question is just on Amulet, and I realize it's very early in the launch. But just would love your sort of top-down comments on how things are going. And maybe any metrics you can share in terms of perhaps like the percentage of your U.S. coronary accounts that are now active with Amulet. So we'd love some just color there. 
 And then the second question is more of a broad-based question. I was just wondering if you could provide just a little bit more detail on what you're seeing on inflation and supply chain because the headlines are obviously -- they're just constant. But the message from Abbott and other companies we follow just seems to be that it's sort of generally manageable. So just wondering if you can kind of talk to that a little bit, if you can quantify the headwinds or just give us a better understanding of why it's manageable and just put some perspective around it for us. 
Robert Ford: Okay. Well, I'll take the Amulet and then I'll let Bob kind of talk to kind of the inflation supply chain. I mean I would just say it is manageable, but -- that we have a great team. So -- and I'll let Bob cover that. 
 On Amulet, listen, we received approval in August. We already initiated the launch. I know there's a lot of anticipation, at least on the last 2 calls, about the data and when we're going to publish the data and why we're going to do it, the time that we were going to do it. And so we released that data really close to our approval. And I think that was a good strategy because it allowed our team to kind of prepare for that. 
 I will say, regarding the data, I mean, you saw when we released the data, it's -- the product has got a lot of advantages versus the product that's on the market right now. We've got a pretty broad portfolio of sizes, and that helps as you're looking at different anatomies and having a better fit there. The steerable sheath that we've got has resulted in great precision in the placement, and that's super important, especially when you're looking at transcatheter therapies. 
 And then you saw the data of superior kind of closure rates without the need for blood thinners, right -- falling right at the procedure. And ultimately, that's why the patient went to the hospital or part of the reason why they went there. So I think we've got a great product here. I think the team has done a good job getting the contracts ready. 
 Right now I would say we have a goal of certain amount of contracts by the end of this year. And in the first month, we've already gotten 40% of them of that target. So I think that we're going to definitely hit what we need to hit in terms of getting our contracts, our accounts, the ones that we want to get on contract up and running so we could start to build the usage and familiarity with the system. 
 We've got a really strong commercial presence here. And I think that's a key aspect in the rollout. The implants of these devices, the electrophysiologist or the interventional cardiologist, I mean we've got a lot of great products and a lot of great call point. So that's worked out very well, too. There's always a certain amount of coordination that's required there, and that coordination has been fantastic. I'm really pleased to see that. 
 Initial feedback has been super positive. So very happy with the initial signs. Like you said, it's about a month, 1.5 months into it. All the signs that I'm seeing show that we'll have a great opportunity here to establish Amulet as another product in the category. And then on top of that, we're making the investments, like I said, to grow the category with all of our clinical trials. Catalyst is one of them that I think is important also. So I'd say 1.5 months, very, very pleased with what I'm seeing. 
Robert Funck: Okay. Thanks. I'll take the inflation comments. So I think inflation and supply chain are really linked together. The global supply chains have not been able to keep up with the strong demand out there. And so like others, we're seeing some increased input costs across areas of our business. We're experiencing some higher shipping costs, and in some cases, higher commodity costs. I'd say the commodity costs are really more kind of in the Nutrition area of the business. 
 In some areas, we have flexibility to adjust pricing a bit, and we plan to do that. In other areas, that flexibility doesn't exist, and so we're working to mitigate the impacts we're seeing such as looking at other manufacturing costs. As Robert mentioned, we've got a very strong procurement organization and supply chain organizations, and they're doing a great job working with our suppliers. And our suppliers understand the critical nature of our products. And so it's been -- we've been successful in terms of ensuring that we're able to get what we need to support the business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: Congratulations on the strong 3Q results. Hopefully, Rob, hoping to just hear maybe some puts and takes or help us understand some of the puts and takes of the 2022 operating margin. Clearly, COVID testing is going to be a factor, but any other drivers of operating margin expansion that you would highlight as we move into 2022 and then any other levers that Abbott is able to pull to drive earnings next year, depending on how the COVID testing environment plays out. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I'd say -- like I said in the beginning, I mean, I think 2022, our base business, our underlying base business is going to grow very strong, both on the top and the bottom. So we'll see margin expansion in that business. And that's a combination. Like Bob said, we've got gross margin improvement teams across all of our business that are working at ways to mitigate other manufacturing costs. So that will be important to be able to drive margin expansion. 
 And then just the nature of the mix as we continue to roll out our pipeline, which is predominantly focused, I'd say, on the med device side, we've got gross margin profiles there that are accretive to the company's gross margin. So I think a lot of it is really driven on the top line and driving our top line. And the execution of these new product launches allows us to get that kind of margin expansion into 2022. 
 And like I said, we -- the COVID piece is really just one where we're going to have to go quarter-by-quarter and update and roll our forecast every quarter. We'll have a number that we'll feel comfortable with. But those -- I'd say those are the kind of key drivers here, our product launches, our ongoing base business, margin expansions by mix and gross margin improvement. 
 I want to keep the same profiles that we've got right now in our base business in terms of spend, R&D and SG&A. So those profiles, we wouldn't want to maintain. Obviously, if you look at our profiles right now, it's a little bit distorted because of the COVID piece. But if you look historically where we've been in the low 7s in R&D and SG&A between 20% and 30%, that's where we're going to want to kind of land. 
Joshua Jennings: And then just a quick follow-up on Libre. We've had some consultants talk about the potential for Abbott to add other analytes onto the platform and particularly the addition of ketone monitoring as a potential competitive advantage. Any updates just in terms of how the 3.0 on tap here, but any updates in terms of the future development plans for Libre and how you continue to maintain your competitive edge here? 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean I've always -- we've always said that Libre was a platform. We always -- I know every time you put out a number, it becomes like the next what is that and what's after that. And so we've launched Libre 2. It's doing very well in the U.S. We've launched Libre 3 in Europe, and we'll obviously be rolling Libre 3 out. Regarding your question on analytes, yes, I mean that is an area that we are intentionally looking at, which is using the platform of Libre, the manufacturing platform to be able to develop new analytes. 
 You mentioned one that we've got particular experience in our blood glucose monitoring. We have a blood ketone system. So that, we believe, is an important aspect, especially for type 1 and pumpers. We think that, that's a real important kind of feature. If you look at going into the type 2 population, there's a lot of new drugs for type 2 where there are certain warnings regarding DKA. And we think that, that might also be an opportunity, too. 
 But that's only one analyte, and we've got a pipeline here of analytes, a dedicated team that's only focused on looking at what are the business opportunities the market needs for that. And as we get closer to those launches, which will be coming up fairly soon, we'll be updating the market. But I'm really excited about using the Libre platform here to be able to kind of expand even beyond diabetes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Robert, I wanted to focus on the device side and the pipeline. Just starting with Amulet, to ask Bob's earlier question in another way, the surveys seem to be coming back, suggesting Amulet can take about 1/3 of the U.S. market and maybe even 20% next year. It's not easy for a second to market to become a market leader, but Amulet has a nice profile. What's your reaction to some of these consensus estimates for share? Do you think you can do better? And I had a follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I mean, Amulet is new to the U.S., but it's not new to the international markets. When you look at the international market, Amulet's got a 50% market share. I've seen some of the reports, not all of them, but I'm aware of some of these surveys that are done with different physicians. And what I read and what I see them is similar what I see here in the U.S. versus what we actually see in Europe, which is it's a great product. It's sized portfolio is an advantage. Its closure rate is also an advantage. 
 And yes, we -- as I said, this is a multibillion-dollar market where we think that we can be a true competitor in also but, at the same time, invest to develop it. I think that's an important part here also, Larry. So as I mentioned, we're making investments in next-generation product. We're going to be making investments in the commercial infrastructure, which is not only to be there during the implant but also to develop the patient referral network. 
 And we're going to be investing in clinical trials. I think the CATALYST trial is going to be comparing it to NOACs. I think that will be a great opportunity to expand the market also. So I think it's a combination of kind of market expansion. And yes, we're competitive with our offering. We're competitive with our team. And I think 50% international is a good aspiration to have here in the U.S. 
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And then I wanted to ask about Portico and CardioMEMS. So with Portico, you have Navitor outside the U.S. Do you think you need that in the U.S. to really drive share? And do you think you can compete in the -- without an intermediate low-risk indication, which I don't think you'll have until about 2024. And just lastly on CardioMEMS, how are you feeling about the label expansion and the commercial opportunity, given the COVID impact you mentioned on the GUIDE-HF trial? 
Robert Ford: Sure, Larry. Let me talk about Portico and TAVI here more broadly. This is a hugely important segment in Structural Heart. We want to be a structural heart leader. We had that vision when we put the businesses together with St. Jude. And we know that we need to be a true player here in the TAVI space. So I'm really looking at this for us as a long game. And what I mean by that is we're launching Portico in the U.S. 
 Navitor, to your question, is a great second-generation device. We got it CE Marked and feedback is that it's a very, very competitive device. Its clinical profile in high risk is really strong. And yes, I want to bring it to the U.S. also, but not because I feel we need to because Portico is not competitive. Portico is very competitive. But in this context of building a strategy here to be a real player in the TAVI space, we know that we're going to have to bring a second generation here in the U.S. We'll have to also look about how do we develop further on Navitor. 
 So I think that we've got about a 5% share in Europe. That's not my aspiration for the TAVI space. To your point, there's 2 pretty well entrenched competitors in the market. And -- but we have a higher aspiration than just kind of a 5% share, which is what we have in Europe. So I think the combination here of investment in the team, investment in the pipeline, in the clinical data, you're right, our kind of low-risk -- intermediate low-risk trial kind of reads out a little bit later on. But it's there. We're investing in it because we see this as a big opportunity for us to be a real player in this market. So I'm excited about it, and I know the team is to be able to kind of be a real -- a go-to full-service player in the field of structural heart. 
 Regarding CardioMems, listen, I think we -- the data, I think, was pretty compelling. I mean this is the second -- and you know this, Larry, this is the second RCT trial that we've done. And I'm a big believer in RCT trials and the need for them to be able to generate the clinical evidence. We filed for the label expansion end of June. I think the data was very compelling. And part of it is expansion to Class II and Class IV and then also to be able to expand indication to patients with elevated BNP, which is, today, just for patients that have been previously hospitalized. 
 So I think the combination here of the data, the fact that it is already the second RCT that we've done, a very large one also on top of CHAMPIONs -- the CHAMPIONs trial. I think there's a great opportunity here for us to develop this market. One of the things that we did in the quarter here also is we now have a more dedicated business unit for Heart Failure, where both the LVAD and CardioMEMS team are going to be combined under 1 GM, very similar to what we've done with our other businesses because we believe in the benefit of that focus and that attention to the business. 
 So I think the combination of what we've submitted, our focus, this is a great opportunity for us in 2022 and beyond. I'm not going to comment on when -- all I can tell you is we filed it at the end of Q2. And I think the data is very strong, and we'll just leave it like that. And I'm highly hopeful that we'll be seeing that next year for sure. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Cecilia Furlong from Morgan Stanley. 
Cecilia Furlong: Great. I wanted to ask about just your neuromod business, SCS as well as other deferrable procedures. And can you walk through just sequential trends in the quarter if you started to see recovery in some of the -- in some of your more deferrable procedures trending ahead of others and also how you're thinking about the ability to recapture deferred procedures that the majority of procedure recapture can occur in 4Q or staffing shortages. Do some of this recovery in procedure recapture flow into 2022? 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I would say, this is probably out of our device businesses, the business that's had a little bit of a harder time in terms of recovering post COVID. It's probably more elective like you said, Cecilia. So it has been lagging a bit. It's been pretty flat, I would say, in terms of kind of its trajectory if we look at our trials and our implants. So -- but that's really something that we can't control in terms of kind of how that is going to bounce back. 
 We have visibility to the pipeline of patients. We work closely with the surgery centers, and we've got visibility to that. We're not expecting a big bolus to come into Q4 and then we'll have to kind of see how Q1 and Q2 of next year looks like to be able to kind of give a better sense there. But what we can control, and that's what I focus -- we focus the team on is on our pipeline. 
 And I think the team here has done a really good job. I'd highlight a couple of things here that we've done. NeuroSphere, which is this novel remote care platform, we've launched it. It's the first kind of system that was approved by the FDA. We did a full market release at the end of June. And I really like the numbers we're seeing. We've done over 5,000 remote programming sessions. And not only is it a remote program, but it also allows us to get visibility of the patients in the funnel. So using the adoption of that tool is great because I think it will have a real big change on the sales and service kind of business model that exists in this business. 
 So that's going very well, and I think that will help get better visibility. Another key thing here is entrance into the rechargeable segment, which is about half of the market. We really don't have a competitive system in there, and the team has developed a rechargeable system that is best-in-class, significant advantages versus the market leaders in this segment. So we're looking forward to bringing that product to market next year. 
 And then we've also made investments in trials. I think probably the most notable one is DISTINCT, which is an indication for nonsurgical lower back. We've completed enrollment in that study. So I think the combination of these factors here are important for us to be able to kind of take share. And then if we see the bolus of patients come back in Q1 and Q2, that will be an additional tailwind for us. 
Cecilia Furlong: Great. And I wanted to ask you as well about your recent acquisition of Walk Vascular and really at a high level, can you talk about your outlook just for the underlying market growth in the peripheral space over the next several years versus some of the other high-growth target end markets, including diabetes and EP? And are there other areas you look to build out around your vascular business? And beyond that, too, just what's your current outlook for pursuing a PE indication for the thrombectomy system? 
Robert Ford: Sure. So we've been looking at this area for quite a bit. As I always said, we're always looking. We're always studying. And this was an opportunity that we saw. We think it's an attractive segment. We see it about $700 million, growing double digits. And this kind of fell right into that sweet spot of kind of strategic -- make sense strategically for us. We've got a commercial footprint out there with an endovascular sales and service team. We know the customers. We have the call point. And we've got the capacity here to be able to leverage our manufacturing expertise here to be able to kind of scale up manufacturing. 
 So this made perfect sense for us to be able to add it to the portfolio. And that integration is going pretty well. I don't expect any significant contributions in Q4. But as we go into next year, I think it will have an impact on our vascular business. And yes, I mean we're -- like I said, there are plenty of segments in the endo space, I would say, that we continue to study, we continue to look at, areas that we're interested in. And if we find the right moment for us to be able to add those opportunities, we will. 
 Regarding your question on the PE indication, yes. Absolutely. We know that is very important in the peripheral space. So we're investing. That's one of the key aspects in the integration is to invest to be able to get that indication established. So yes, we are working on that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Robert, my first one was -- going back to testing, I think your Q4 assumptions of $1 billion to $1.4 billion, that's a sequential step down versus 3Q. I'm curious, where are we on capacity right now? And what is the demand for these testing products right now? Are we seeing any sequential step down in demand right now? And I think you guys did win about $600 million-ish of DoD contracts. Is that baked into that Q4 number? Or is that a fiscal '22 contributor? 
Robert Ford: Okay. So regarding the Q4 forecast of $1 billion to $1.4 billion here, our capacity is we can do significantly more than that, Vijay, especially as we've -- Q3, we didn't have the full ramp-up, but now we're finishing this month. We'll be in full ramp-up mode. So we can do more than the $1.4 billion. I think the factor here that we're looking at is, as I said in the opening comments here in the first question, I continue to see the surveillance in the screening market to continue to increase. And that's with kind of Binax and ID NOW also. 
 So we've got those businesses, everything we can make, we're rolling in here. I'd say the only question we've got here a little bit is on the symptomatic. And that's what you see maybe in this step-down here is assuming as cases decline in the U.S. that we're going to see a little bit of a decline in symptomatic testing. So that's a little -- that's one part of the factor. 
 The other factor in the $1 billion to $1.4 billion is just pricing. We've got a market leadership position in rapid testing, especially in OTC. If you look at Nielsen data, you'll be able to see that we were at about 90% share. Before the month of September, we dropped to about 60 just because of supply. And now we're back up to 75% share, and we're seeing a little bit of price pressure. So in that number, I've baked in some price pressure to ensure that we maintain that market leadership position as we see more market entrants come in. But if we don't need that price, then that will obviously drive another beat to that number, too. But -- so that's -- those are the drivers and the thinking there, Vijay, a little bit of pricing pressure and what are we going to see on the symptomatic testing. 
Vijay Kumar: Sorry, the DoD contract, $600 million, is that assumed in Q4? Or is that a fiscal '22 contributor? 
Robert Ford: Well, we're going to have to -- yes, so the DoD contract is actually a -- I think you're quoting the maximum amount of the contract, which I know is kind of what got a lot of the news headlines. But the contract actually has a minimum amount, which is significantly lower than that, less than $100 million. So it's really going to depend here on the DoD and the federal government in terms of their purchasing. We factored in a little bit of that minimum piece in Q4. And as I talk about going into next year, that will be a portion of the part that we will feel comfortable with adding on. So -- but it's a pretty big range, Vijay, in terms of what the maximum is and what the minimum is. 
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And just one on your earlier comments, Robert, on the SG&A, looking back at historical trends of 29% to 30%, R&D at 7% of revenues. Was that comment referring to fiscal '22, what the OpEx as a percentage of revenue should look like for your base business? And then the variable over and beyond that should be COVID, is that the right way to think about the [indiscernible]. 
Robert Ford: The comment was more about ensuring that we don't -- you don't see that there is a drop in investment. When you look at our profile in Q3 in terms of R&D, it's down to 6%. Our SG&A is down to 25%. So that comment was more about there's a little bit of a distortion factor here because of COVID, and we're going to make sure that we continue to invest in the business. If you look at the investment we've made, Vijay, this year, we've added about $1 billion between R&D and SG&A to the business so that we can continue to drive the top line and, at the same time, drive the long-term sustainability of the business with the R&D investments. 
 I talked about how we could pulsate that spend, not only this year, but as we go into next year, a portion of that spend is a little bit more discretionary on the SG&A side, and we'll be looking at that. But -- so the comment there was more about ensuring that there wasn't a distortion. We at least understood the distortion of COVID in terms of our profiles. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Miksic from Credit Suisse. 
Matthew Miksic: Congrats on the strong results. So maybe just a follow-up on some of the things you were just talking about sort of this concept of reinvesting the proceeds of this very strong COVID business. So there's a perception out there, I think, because COVID testing is maybe not permanent and hard to predict that it's somehow less important or harder to value than the rest of your businesses. But the last few months, obviously, in this quarter, $1.5 billion of upside in Q3 is, by our estimates, more than $0.5 billion in operating cash. And that goes up against your $2 billion or $2.5 billion operating cash run rate. 
 So the question is, in addition to kind of being part of the solution as you've talked about to the pandemic, maybe drill down a little bit into some of the things you were just describing, opportunities to invest behind, which ones of your growth programs do you see an opportunity to sort of dial things up? And how, if at all, does this change maybe the way you think about M&A and your activity on that front? 
Robert Ford: Sure. I think you've captured pretty well all the elements there of how we look at COVID. As I said in the beginning, when we started this, there's definitely an opportunity to accelerate the strategy of decentralized testing because of COVID, and that strategy has been in place, and that's an area that we are investing to ensure that we do have an ability to -- so we see more testing in pharmacy, more testing in urgent care centers and testing that goes beyond COVID that even goes beyond flu and RSV and respiratory viruses by developing assays that will be used on that rapid testing platform. 
 So that's one investment, for sure. You can see the impact on the investment on some of the business. You see it in Nutrition. So we have been putting more disciplinary advertising and direct-to-consumer promotion in that business, and you could see the step-up in the growth rate there. We've obviously put investment into Libre, both on the SG&A side. You see -- we've rolled out a new TV commercial and funded that to a level that we feel is competitive, is leading in terms of messaging. Increased our sales force in the U.S. and other key markets for Libre so that we can call on more physicians, and you see the impact there on Libre. I mean we did almost $1 billion of sales of Libre this quarter. And in the U.S., it's about 65%. 
 We're making great progress in penetrating the type 2 population, whether it's non-insulin users or non-intensive insulin users. We've got about a 90% market share of that segment at least. So that growth is also being supported. And we've got all these new product launches that I've been talking about on the cardiovascular side that require feet on the street, whether it's sales force, clinical specialists. And we're funding that also. So I think that, that's very clearly where we're putting our investments. We've talked about R&D investments and making sure that we've got pipeline beyond '22 and '23, and that's predominantly been in the Diagnostics and Device areas also. 
 So it's been pretty broad based. That $1 billion increase has kind of gone well across all the businesses. And if I ask my general managers and my presidents of my businesses, do they have a next tranche of where they would go, they would have that list ready to go, too. So there's no shortage of opportunity. 
 And then the other topic you talked about or touched on was the cash flow generation and -- as a result of the COVID business. And yes, it has generated a lot of cash. We have invested some of that cash in the organic opportunities we have, whether it's manufacturing sites here in the U.S. for COVID, for MitraClip, for Libre. So we've made those internal investments, but we've also looked at where we could provide the best return to our shareholders. And you saw that in the form of our dividend increase at the beginning of this year. We increased our dividend by 25%. You saw that we also -- probably saw that we bought back shares in Q2. And we've stepped that up even further in Q3, and we've got capacity to do more of that in Q4, if that makes sense for our shareholders. 
 So we find a way to kind of deploy that capital. And on the M&A side, I mean, I've talked about this. If we think there's a strategic fit for us, one that is financially justified for us, that we can do better with it, that we can make it better and that there's value for our shareholders, we'll do that also. Right now, I'd say, I think the med tech and diagnostic valuations out there, especially the ones that we would be interested in, in high-quality, high-growth assets is a little bit frothy. So we're in the mode of studying and paying attention. 
 I think the good news here is that we don't really need M&A to be able to support what I think is pretty top-tier performance here. So that's pretty comprehensive in terms of how we're looking at COVID. And it both funds our internal organic growth and allows us to either provide some more value to shareholders through buybacks, dividends. And if there's a growth vehicle out there that I think will make sense, we'll -- we won't be shy for that also. 
 So I'll just close here a little bit and just say our results, we're achieving very strong growth across all of our businesses. I'm very excited and proud about the pipeline that all the businesses have been focused on. We've historically really focused on our organic pipelines, and that continues to be highly productive. We are entering to very new and attractive growth segments across our portfolio, and there's more products along the way there. 
 So we're investing in our key platforms, as I've said. COVID testing is going to be an important companion to vaccines and therapeutics. At what level, I can't say right now for next year. I've given a range on what I think it's going to look like in Q4, and there could be opportunities there for us to do better than that. But I think the rapid test here is really the value proposition that's going to make sense going into next year, and we're a leader in that segment. We've built scale. We've built manufacturing, and we know how to operate in this environment, whether it's retail pharmacies or direct consumers. So our focus right now is we're going to finish strong 2021, enter into 2022 with a lot of momentum. And I think we're well-placed strategically here as we go into next year. So with that, I'll thank you all for joining us today. 
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-21 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott.
 With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. 
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions. 
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2021. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available at our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary for sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported results of a very strong quarter. Ongoing earnings per share were $1.17, reflecting more than 100% growth compared to the prior year. Sales increased 35% on an organic basis in the quarter compared to last year. 
 Given the significant negative impact COVID had on demand for elective medical procedures and routine diagnostic testing last year, comparing sales versus pre-pandemic levels of 2019 provides one of the more relevant measures of performance. On this comparison, excluding sales from our COVID testing business, organic sales grew nearly 11.5% in the second quarter, driven by strong sales growth across all 4 of our major businesses, including double-digit growth in Established Pharmaceuticals, Nutrition and Medical Devices. 
 I'll now summarize our second quarter results before turning over the call to Bob. And I'll start with Nutrition, where sales increased 9.5% compared to last year. Strong growth in the quarter was led by mid-teens growth in Adult Nutrition, including more than 20% growth internationally.
 Since the beginning of the pandemic, we've seen 2 factors positively impact Adult Nutrition demand: new users are entering the category and existing customers have increased their usage. And as the global market leader, these dynamics are driving strong growth for our Ensure and Glucerna brands. 
 In Pediatric Nutrition, sales grew nearly 4.5% in the quarter, led by growth of nearly 9% in the U.S., where we continue to capture share with our leading portfolio of infant formula and toddler brands. Sales of Pedialyte, our global rehydration brand, grew strong double digits, driven by recently launched new products and increased investments we're making in direct-to-consumer promotion. 
 Turning to Diagnostics. Sales increased more than 55%, which includes $1.3 billion of COVID testing-related sales. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, underlying Diagnostics sales increased 37% compared to last year. Strong sales growth in our underlying Diagnostic business is being driven by improving routine diagnostic testing as health care systems continue to recover from the pandemic as well as the continued rollout of our Alinity platforms. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, second quarter sales in Core Laboratory and Molecular Diagnostics grew mid-single digits compared to pre-pandemic levels in the second quarter of 2019. 
 Moving to Established Pharmaceuticals, where sales grew nearly 15% in the quarter. Strong sales performance in the quarter was broad-based across several countries, including double-digit growth in India, China, Russia and Brazil, which led to overall sales growth of nearly 18.5% in our key emerging markets. While we continue to see COVID cases surge in several emerging markets, including the recent surge in India, our team is executing at a high level to meet market demand for our medicines.
 And lastly, I'll cover Medical Devices, where sales grew 45% in the quarter compared to last year and more than 15.5% compared to the second quarter of 2019. Strong growth in the quarter was led by Structural Heart, Electrophysiology, Heart Failure and Diabetes Care, all of which grew double digits compared to the second quarter of 2019. In Structural Heart, we achieved the highest number of MitraClip procedures ever in the second quarter, including a record number of procedures in the month of June. 
 Now I'll wrap up with Diabetes Care, where strong growth was led by FreeStyle Libre sales of more than $900 million. The global user base for Libre grew to approximately 3.5 million users, including approximately 1 million users in the U.S., driven by market expansion and awareness efforts as well as ongoing new product launch activity in every major market around the world. 
 So in summary, we're achieving strong growth across all 4 of our major businesses, particularly pleased with the strong momentum and growth contributions we're seeing from several recently launched products and investments we're making in our key growth platforms. And our new product pipeline continues to be incredibly productive, delivering a steady cadence of new products with more to come over the next several months. 
 I'll now turn over the call to Bob to discuss our results and outlook for the full year in more detail. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance. 
 Turning to our results. Sales for the second quarter increased 35% on an organic basis, which was led by strong performance across all of our businesses. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, organic sales growth was 29% versus last year and nearly 11.5% compared to the second quarter of 2019. Foreign exchange had a favorable year-over-year impact of 4.5% on second quarter sales, resulting in total reported sales growth of 39.5% in the quarter. 
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L for the quarter, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 56.9% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 6.2% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 25.8% of sales. 
 Our second quarter adjusted tax rate was 14.4%, which reflects an adjustment to align our year-to-date tax rate with our revised full year effective tax rate forecast of 14.7%. The revised full year forecast is modestly lower than the estimate we provided in January due to a shift in the mix of our business and geographic income. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full year 2021. Our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $4.30 to $4.50 remains unchanged and  reflects strong double-digit growth compared to last year and approximately 35% growth at the midpoint compared to our pre-pandemic adjusted earnings per share in 2019. 
 We continue to forecast $4 billion to $4.5 billion in COVID testing-related sales for the full year 2021. And based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have a favorable impact of around 2% on our full year 2021 sales. 
 Turning to the outlook for the third quarter. We forecast adjusted earnings per share of at least $0.90, which reflects continued strong growth and momentum in our core underlying business and a sequential step-down in COVID testing-related sales compared to the second quarter. And based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have a favorable impact of around 1% on our third quarter reported sales. 
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. 
Robert Hopkins: I'll keep my questions quick and high level. First, for Robert, I'm just curious on your view on the pace of the recovery in surgical procedures generally. Is it kind of continued throughout the quarter and into July? Or are you starting to see signs of the spread of variants could cause a little lumpiness in the pace of the recovery? Just wanted to get your views on how things are going. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Listen, we obviously had a very strong quarter in terms of recovery. I mean we had planned to see that recovery in the U.S. and in Europe and in certain Asian markets, and that recovery has largely played out the way we had anticipated. I'd say probably a little bit better even than what we thought. I don't think what we're seeing here with relating to like increase in COVID cases, I don't think that you'll see the same -- or at least we're not seeing the same kind of impact in terms of hospitals shutting procedures down, stopping testing, et cetera. I think it's a very different situation where we are this year versus where we are last year, even though if you look at the case, global case counts, they're pretty much in line to where we were in October last year. We've got therapeutics. We've got vaccines. We've got testing. So we're not seeing that. 
 On the device side, listen, our business has done very well. Overall, as I said in my comments, we're up double digits, mid-teens versus the second quarter largely driven by EP, Heart Failure, Structural Heart, Diabetes, as I said. And actually, if you look at the cardiovascular-specific recovery, we exited the first quarter at about a 2% growth versus March of 2019. And then if you look at the second quarter, our June growth rate was around about 7% versus June of 2019. So we're seeing this kind of sequential recovery in the procedures as evidenced by our growth rates in our procedures. And we were looking at data yesterday, the first couple of weeks of July are showing that same trajectory, whether it's in the U.S. or whether it's outside the U.S., generally. Obviously, there are some markets that have different kind of trends and paces. But I'd say, overall, we're seeing that recovery. And that's how we're looking at the rest of the year, Bob, is that continued trajectory in terms of recovery in procedures and diagnostic testing. 
Robert Hopkins: Okay. That's really helpful. And then my second question for Bob. I'd love you to comment on 2 things, if okay. One, just you had a nice EPS beat relative to consensus and really relative to the way you guys just guiding the quarter. But you're leaving guidance the same. Just wanted to understand that dynamic. Why not boost the EPS a little bit? 
 And then secondly, if you -- just curious if you think consensus estimates, as we look forward a little bit, are kind of reflecting the way you guys are viewing the world right now. And obviously, I'm specifically talking about next year. So any preliminary thoughts on whether consensus is sort of capturing the world as you see it? And wondering just about the EPS guidance for this year. 
Robert Funck: Yes. Bob, I'll take the first question on the guidance for this year. Clearly, about 1/3 of that beat was due to the little higher COVID sales than we have projected. Obviously, forecasting COVID is quite challenging. And so that was about 1/3 of beat. About 2/3 really was better performance in the base business versus how The Street had modeled that. And so the way we look at it, we gave a pretty wide range on earnings guidance back at the beginning of June. And that really kind of accounts for any kind of fluctuations or changes in the COVID testing in the back half of this year as well as kind of underlying base business performance. So we feel really comfortable about the range we have and feel that kind of captures different scenarios around COVID testing. 
Robert Ford: Bob, on the question of consensus for the rest of the year, I mean, I think this is how we're thinking about the second half of the year. Obviously, from a top line perspective, we're going to have to lap some of our COVID sales that we had in Q3 and Q4. Obviously, if you looked at last year, that was really the height of our ramp-up in COVID sales. But the underlying business, excluding COVID sales, will be getting sequentially better every quarter. So we're looking at our base underlying business growing low double digits for the rest of the year. 
 From a gross margin perspective, we'll see expansion in gross margin versus where we were in Q2. There's obviously maybe some friction on some input costs, commodities, freight, et cetera, the team works hard to kind of offset those. So we'll see improvement also as the base business recovers and the margin profiles from that recovery expand. 
 And we'll continue to make the ramp-up of investments that we talked about from an R&D and SG&A perspective. Some of those investments have a faster and more, I'd say, kind of more immediate return. So for example, direct-to-consumer advertising in Nutrition or Libre, for example, and some of those investments are a little bit more medium term, whether it's R&D programs or whether it's kind of getting ready for upcoming launches.
 So the real, I'd say, kind of factor here becomes COVID testing. And we gave guidance about a month ago about $4 billion to $4.5 billion. After the 2 quarters, we're about $3 billion, $3.5 billion. So we've got between $0.5 billion and $1 billion to go in the next 6 months. And I think that's really the question here is how will testing play itself out in the next kind of second half year, whether it's variants, whether it's vaccination rates, et cetera. So that's just something that we're paying attention. And as Bob said, that's why our guidance range was pretty wide, which is really to account for that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Great. Congrats on a good quarter. Bob, maybe to follow up on the last question. There's a lot of moving pieces down the P&L right now. You had a really good operating margin in the quarter. I was just wondering if you could update us on the latest on how you're thinking of reinvestment of COVID testing revenues, how that's flowing through the P&L. And if you have any preliminary thoughts on the impact or benefit it might add to next year as people think about their models now. 
Robert Funck: In terms of investment, Robbie, if you look at our SG&A and R&D combined, we're up around $700 million versus the prior year. And we expect to kind of sustain pretty strong investment in the base business. So we have, as you know, reinvested some of those COVID testing sale profits back into the base business to drive growth going forward. As you say, we had a really healthy operating margin profile in the second quarter. We're going to see some impact on that operating margin profile the rest of the year with the step-down in those COVID testing sales in the back half of this year. That's going to obviously have some impact on our operating margin profile while we sustain a lot of that investment, in particular, in the R&D and SG&A spaces to drive growth the rest of the year and into next year. 
Robert Marcus: Great. And maybe just a quick follow-up. We have some -- coming back to new product launches and clinical data sets. We have 2 interesting ones coming at ESC later in August with CardioMEMS and with Amulet. I was just hoping we could get the latest thoughts on approval timing, product launch potential and how we should think about near-term expectations for product launches, given the COVID environment is still impacting hospitals to a degree. 
Robert Ford: Sure. On Amulet, we talked about this, right, Robbie. We filed with the FDA late last year. We -- right now, we plan to present the data at ESC. So that's kind of in the late August time frame. We think it's, again, an attractive market, great opportunity for growth for us. The product is available in Europe and in those markets, albeit a smaller market than the U.S. We have a 50% market share. So we feel very good about our ability here to compete with the product we have. 
 Regarding timing, it's one of those I can't give you an exact timing. It's definitely, we think, kind of in the second half. And then it's just going to depend in terms of impact this year versus next year. Obviously, the impact next year is larger. And that's just going to depend on when the approval hits this year. Obviously, if it's more towards the back end of the year, then we'll see less of an impact. If it's sooner, that will be an opportunity for us here to execute on that.
 On CardioMEMS, I guess, similar. We think this is another great opportunity. I mean, both these products were products when we began the St. Jude integration, both of these products were trials that we really wanted to invest in and drive on the clinical evidence and driving the clinical evidence of these 2 products. So it's great to see we're in a position now to be able to kind of disclose and share the data from these trials that we put together. We filed our label expansion with the FDA on CardioMEMS this second quarter, more towards the end of the second quarter. And again, we think it's a great opportunity also. And probably in terms of an approval there, not really banking on that approval from a sales perspective this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Congrats on the strong print this morning. Robert, maybe one high-level question on the base business here. I think there are some confusion this morning. On the base ex COVID rate versus pre-pandemic 2019 levels, I think you did 11% in 2Q and that was maybe perhaps low double digits in Q1. So the question I think people are asking is, if we had sequential improvements, is 11% versus 10%, that seems a little light. But I think that kind of ignores the business mix. Maybe perhaps can you talk about what's happening to device business? What was the sequential acceleration? And what is baked in for the back half? Should we continue to see some benefit from backlog and further acceleration? 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean I think the Med Device kind of grew again, Q2 versus 2021. That growth rate has been increasing and has been sequentially improving, as I said, in the first question. Obviously, the recovery is not uniform across all businesses. So if you look at our device portfolio, one of the parts of the portfolio that we've seen a little bit of a lagging recovery here has been in Neuromodulation, where I'd characterize that as a little bit even more elective than some of the other procedures. And we've seen, say, like a little bit of a slower recovery trend in that business versus, say, for example, a Structural Heart, an EP or a Diabetes business.
 Similar to Diagnostics, our immunoassay and clinical chemistry business, that's growing high single digits in the second quarter versus the second quarter of 2019, and that's an improvement versus where we were in Q1. One of the issues that we see in our Diagnostic businesses, we're seeing a slower recovery in kind of blood donations and that obviously impacts our transfusion business. So kind of similar to neuro on the diagnostic side, seen a little of a slower recovery. But I'd say those businesses that were more impacted by COVID in Q2 of last year, I'd say they've largely kind of recovered very well, very nicely, and we expect that trend to continue in the second half. 
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful. And then maybe one on the product side on CardioMEMS. We did some work. It looks like it's an interesting trial. It's a pretty large trial, I think, 3,600 patients enrolled, that's fairly large. I guess assuming some of these results, if they were to mimic CHAMPION or the original trial in terms of reduction in heart failure hospitalizations. I think mortality is an endpoint here. Should CardioMEMS be a multibillion-dollar product for Abbott? The reason I'm asking is historical adoption trends have been quite slow, but your investments in such a large trial suggests some optimism. So I'm curious how you guys are thinking about the longer-term opportunity. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean I think a lot of these device segments that we see kind of large opportunities. I think the key thing here is to make sure that you put the clinical evidence to be able to kind of create a strong kind of market development approach here. And when we looked at CardioMEMS at the time back in 2017, where there were some issues with reimbursement in CMS, ascertaining the max kind of worth reimbursing, et cetera. And you had positive CHAMPION's data.
 I'm aware of some of the perceived shortcomings of that trial, but there is also plenty of real-world evidence showing similar benefits and similar results that you had observed in CHAMPION. So we looked at this and we believe that this was a significant opportunity in the cardiovascular space. We believe that monitoring pulmonary arterial pressure is a great indicator for prevention of acute heart failure and decided to make the investment in a larger trial to either address the perceived shortcomings of CHAMPION or -- and/or augment the data set.
 So I'm hesitant to put a number around here, Vijay. But I think the viewpoint here is that this is an opportunity as we're building our Heart Failure portfolio together with our LVAD portfolio and even with MitraClip, quite frankly, to really have a comprehensive suite of solutions for it. And I think this is going to be an opportunity that we will be intentional about investing, whether it's trial, whether it's clinical and field-based teams to drive it. We think the opportunity to expand the label to a Class II and Class IV presents a significant opportunity for us to expand the market and also the indication here to include CardioMEMS with elevated levels of BNP. So I think that this is a great opportunity. 
 I guess your comment on mortality, I think that's important, but I also know, in talking to health systems, that hospitalization and reduction in hospitalization is still very important. Some can argue that maybe you're just kicking the can down the road. But I think that if you look at and have conversations with the health care systems, they'll see this as an important reduction. Any reduction of hospitalization for this patient population will be significantly important for them. So bottom line, yes, I think this is a great opportunity for us and we're being intentional about our investment and making the right clinical evidence to support the adoption so that we can get to numbers that you're referencing or even bigger. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Just 2 for me. I'll start with Libre, Robert. Just maybe at a high level, your thoughts on kind of the road map for Libre from here, given that you're closing in on $1 billion a quarter in sales. And more specifically, any update on the launch of Libre 3 in Europe and how delays at FDA might impact the timing of Libre 3 in the U.S. And I had one follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Listen, we had a real strong quarter, as you saw, and as you mentioned, approaching that $1 billion mark on a quarterly perspective, sales above 40%. I think really important here, Larry, is the user base. And this is a different kind of device business. It's a -- we talked about it from a mass market opportunity versus other parts of our device portfolio that might be a little bit more, let's say, call it, nichey versus the size of Libre. But the user base is super important because when you've got this kind of retention level that we're seeing on the product, so between 80% and 90-plus percent globally, it really looks more like a subscription-like model. And when you're in that subscription-like model and you've got this recurring revenue, the user base is hugely important. And I think that's a lot of our focus right here, as we talked about this mass market, is building the user base. 
 And I think we've done a really good job internationally and in the U.S. But as we've talked about, okay, we've got 3.5 million users. I've talked about numbers all the way up to 80 million users potential for this product once you aggregate insulin users and type 2s, et cetera. So I think this is a real strong growth opportunity for us, and we're still in the early innings, as I've said. From a road map perspective, we're not deviating from kind of how we thought about this, right, which is we will continue to provide superior technology, superior experience to the user, whether it's with the product, whether it's how they get the product and still a value proposition that makes sense for a mass adoption. So that's all gone very well, and that will continue to go very well. 
 Libre 3, we launched it in, I'd say, in Germany at the beginning of the year here. A lot of our focus in that launch, Larry, was just more to understand kind of our marketing messaging, our positioning with our existing portfolio, reactions from physicians and even look at how other users from other CGMs kind of reacted to it. And it's basically surpassed my expectations as we went into that pilot launch. And so we'll be now transitioning to full launch mode of Libre 3, where we've got approval. Specifically in the U.S., obviously, it's understood that the backlog that exists in -- at the FDA regarding diabetes products. And I'm not going to comment on kind of timing here or expectations, but just that we're very excited kind of to be able to bring Libre 3 to the U.S. also and augment our portfolio with the product. 
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful, Robert. And just lastly for me. I know I've asked about this on a few earnings calls, but I'm just curious how your thoughts on capital allocation are evolving, given your strong balance sheet. We know valuations are relatively high. Are there areas where you think valuations look more attractive? And historically, the sweet spot for Abbott's been acquisitions in the $5 billion to $10 billion range. Is that still the case? I mean, obviously, St. Jude was an exception to that, but just curious to see how your thoughts are evolving on M&A. 
Robert Ford: Well, specifically on M&A, there's no change in thoughts there. I mean I think rather than have a number tied to it, it's more about does it strategically fit? Do we think that we can execute and drive more value out of it? And that mindset hasn't changed independently of kind of dollar amount there. We're obviously actively looking. We constantly surveil and survey and pay attention and track. What I can say is that we've been probably actively moderating much more than where we were back in 2017. But there are some pretty elevated valuations right now, and I'm not going to do anything here that's going to either dilute our profiles, our growth rates, et cetera. And key driver here is, is it being strategic? 
 I actually think a lot of opportunity we have from a capital allocation back to kind of how you started the question was we've got a lot of opportunity internally. A lot of great returns that we can have with our capital as we deploy them to support these opportunities that we have in our pipeline, specifically regarding kind of manufacturing, kind of ramp-up in capacity, whether it's Libre, whether it's MitraClip, seeing an opportunity here with Adult Nutrition as we've seen kind of several years here of strong kind of double-digit growth in Nutrition. So I think we've got a great opportunity to be able to provide a great return to our shareholders by looking at our internal opportunities also. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. 
Matthew Taylor: So I did want to ask one about COVID testing. And we know your guidance for the year here implies lower sales in the last 2 quarters. I was wondering if you could just give us any insight into the trends that you're seeing in testing, especially outside of the U.S. where we have less visibility, so we can think about some of these different scenarios that you're baking into the guidance for the rest of the year. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, about a month ago, we talked a lot about COVID testing here. And I don't think, over the last 30 days, we've seen anything materially different. I would say we continue to see some of that kind of lowered kind of testing volumes in the U.S., whether it's PCR but probably a little bit more on the rapid side. We did a little bit better than what we had forecasted for the second quarter, and that was largely driven by international markets. Still about 80% of our sales are on the rapid side. But we did see higher international sales. And I'd say, yes, it's probably driven by delta variant. A lot of those international sales are more, let's say, kind of tender-driven. And we've got great visibility to where cases are rising and our positions in those markets.
 As a company, our relationships, our understanding of how health authorities in those countries are thinking about their testing. And what I can say is we become -- we've definitely become a preferred supplier here because of our scale, our capacity, the quality of our products and our pricing. So the question here is going to be, even with surges, are you going to see testing increase? I think we will. I think we will see some of that. The question will be, geographically, where are we going to see it more? And I think geographically, we'll see more internationally than, at least what I think right now, than what we'll see in the United States from a back half perspective. 
Matthew Taylor: Got it. And maybe I could just ask one follow-up on recovery in Diagnostics versus med tech. So I know you called out this issue with blood donations. And I guess, excluding that, would you think about the recovery in your core diagnostics business, ex COVID, similar to med tech, should it go in lockstep? Or is there going to be a difference there for some reason? Could you flesh out the blood donation headwind? How much is that? 
Robert Ford: Yes. Like at a high level, I would say, yes, we're seeing kind of that same kind of recovery trend, again, within its own kind of segment. Our immunoassay and clinical chemistry business, which represents about 80% of our core lab business, that actually was up high single digits in Q2 versus Q2 of 2019. So we are seeing that recovery on the core lab. There are some assays that haven't recovered as much. What we've seen here in the U.S. is that we're seeing post-surgery policies here from certain hospitals do less overnight stays. So when you're doing that, you're getting a little bit less of that. But I'd say that's offset with higher share gain and growth in new accounts with the rollout of Alinity. So we're seeing that kind of high single digit.
 And as you mentioned, the issue is really kind of low donation, blood donations that are impacting our transfusion business, which we've got 65%, 60-plus percent market share. So we're hoping to see -- we've been working with different agencies here to kind of bring awareness to this fact here because, obviously, there's inventory of blood. But if this rate of donations continues, then it will be a challenge for the U.S. So hopefully, we'll start to see that recover here as we get towards the end of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. 
JoanneWuensch: It's really 2 questions. The first one is a follow-up on what Bob was asking earlier on, is there anything that you can give us on 2022? I'm getting a lot of questions as it relates to margins, COVID, double-digit EPS. So anything on a framework basis that would be helpful. I'd appreciate it. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Listen, we've talked about this a couple of times on a couple of calls already, and I just think it's a little bit too early to kind of provide that forecast given there's so many different kind of moving parts. We're starting our process right now. But I don't think the framework changes versus what we've talked about, which is our underlying business, so excluding COVID testing, it will clearly be very well positioned for very strong growth, top line and bottom line just based on the trends that we're seeing, based on the pipeline, the new products that we have in the pipeline that we have in place. So our underlying base business will clearly be set up for very strong top and bottom line growth.
 We've obviously got to look at COVID testing, and that's a factor here. We talked about it last call. It'll be probably not very prudent here to assume a significant amount of COVID testing. Now if there's going to be demand of COVID testing, we've got plenty of capacity to meet it, and that's ultimately going to be kind of the factor here. As I said, we're going to start to kind of lap a little bit of this testing in Q3 and Q4 of this year. We've obviously had a real strong Q1 also. So that obviously has an impact. And then having to look at our spend and modulate our spend here, but in a way that doesn't detract from our kind of long-term sustainable kind of growth even past 2022, 2023. So we've got a lot of good momentum, a lot of ongoing and upcoming launch activity and I want to make sure that I capitalize on the positions and the opportunities that we've built upon. 
JoanneWuensch: And then I've heard the word pipeline investment a couple of times there. Other than some of the names that we've -- or products that we've already focused on, such as Amulet, CardioMEMS and Libre 3, are there other products in the pipeline that you'd like to draw our attention to? 
Robert Ford: Yes, sure. Listen, if you look at Structural Heart, I think there's 2 kind of really good opportunities for us over here. TAVR with bringing the product to the U.S. and the launch of our second-generation product in Navitor in Europe. I mean these are 2 opportunities that we have. We know our position and we know the choices and the strategy that we'll take as we enter this market here in the U.S., and I think it's great. It will be a great opportunity for us. 
 And then the second product on Structural Heart is our tricuspid repair system. It's a great opportunity. It's got a potential kind of billion-dollar market opportunity for it. We've done very well with it, actually. Right now, our sales have kind of annualized right now on a $100 million basis, and we launched this in the middle of pandemic last year. So I think that's a great near-term opportunity. 
 And then on CRM, we've made the investment here to get our leadless program back on track here regarding a single chamber and then making the investment on a dual chamber. And I think that's another kind of big opportunity that we'll have to continue our kind of growth recovery in our CRM. So we're targeting to enter this market next year, again, with a single chamber and then build off there. So I think we've got great opportunity in the device space.
 And then in the Diagnostics is the continuing of building the menu, the assays, the menu of assays. We're obviously making investments in our rapid business to capitalize on the  placements that we've made for ID NOW with COVID to be able to kind of not only drive flu, but other respiratory viruses that we think will be opportunity for us also. But I think those are probably more the near term, i.e., next kind of 12, 18 months and then a larger pipeline after that. 
Operator: And our last question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: Robert, just wanted to ask a multipart question on just duopolies in the U.S. market. You're about to create one with the entrance at Amulet. And then down the line, you'll be in a different position as the first mover in the duopoly being created by a competitor coming into the edge-to-edge mitral repair market. And I was hoping if you could just give us your views on U.S. duopolies in terms of second player coming into the market, catalyzing market growth, how you think about that, the risk for competitive pricing to ensue and then the potential for that second mover to capture share and where those can lay out. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean generally speaking, competition will always kind of drive further innovation, further investment. So one can kind of make the analysis here that when you're -- when you have a competitor coming into your segment, you'll do more to invest in the business and that investment will then drive the category. So I think on one side, I do believe in that, and I think you can see how that's kind of had an impact. Definitely, when we came into the U.S. with Libre and kind of what happened to that market and what happened to the technology in terms of kind of making all the technologies better and et cetera. So the flip side of that is competition is -- you could potentially see, I guess, price as a lever to drive demand or to drive share capture. We've tried to focus every time we're entering markets with a value proposition that sustains our price and our pricing strategy and focus on the benefits that our solution will bring.
 And so I think you've got these 2 parts of kind of competition in markets. I'd say that's probably true for a 2-player market or a 3-player market. So -- but listen, we're excited to come into the LAA market here in the U.S. We're obviously a player internationally and we're making the investments. So for example, we've already begun our investment in market expansion in LAA with our CATALYST trial, which is comparing  our product to NOAC, which is the standard of care. And I know that competitors are making kind of similar clinical investment. I think that's good. I think that's positive. 
 Okay. So that being said, I'd say here, if I just kind of sum up, our results clearly demonstrated here that we're showing real strong growth across all of our businesses, devices, Diagnostics, our Established Pharmaceutical business and our Nutrition. And as I said in the beginning of the call, as we look to the second half of the year, we expect that growth to continue in our underlying business. I think to Joanne's question, maybe to Bob's question also, optically, you're going to see a little bit of this, I'd say, artificial fog or lapping here or a comp versus for a few quarters as we kind of go through these sales that we've had from this big role that we played in COVID testing during the pandemic.
 But I don't let that cloud kind of how we think about the business and how we think about the business long term. And I think our forecast here shows that we'll have a pretty differentiated underlying base business performance here. Our pipeline is highly productive, we've got a lot of ongoing launch activity and there's even more on the way here. So we're very excited about that, and we're investing across our key growth platforms. So we're feeling really good about our underlying base business and the momentum that we've got. So thanks for joining us today. 
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. That now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-19 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission. 
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions. 
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2021. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or development except as required by law.  
 Please note that financial information provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported the results of a very strong quarter. Ongoing earnings per share were $1.32, reflecting more than 100% growth compared to the prior year. Sales increased 33% on an organic basis in the quarter.  
 At the start of the year, we issued full year guidance that reflected another year of strong performance, and through the first quarter, we're right on track with those expectations. Our full year 2021 adjusted earnings per share guidance of at least $5 remains unchanged and reflects over 35% growth compared to last year.  
 Our strong first quarter were comprised of several factors, including global COVID testing-related sales of $2.2 billion, with rapid tests compromising roughly 85% of those sales; strong sales growth across all 4 of our major business areas, which resulted in base business organic sales growth, excluding COVID testing-related sales, of nearly 6%; growth contributions and momentum from several recently launched products across all of our businesses; and the impact of significant investments we're making across our portfolio in R&D and commercial initiatives that will further strengthen our sustainable growth profile.  
 I'll now summarize our first quarter results before turning the call over to Bob. And I'll start with Nutrition, where sales increased nearly 6.5% in the quarter. Performance was led by our Adult Nutrition business, with sales growth of more than 18% in the quarter. The pandemic has brought a lot of awareness to the value of good nutrition, including immune support, which is helping to bring new users into the category and more specifically to our market-leading Ensure and Glucerna brands.  
 Pediatric Nutrition sales declined 2.5% in the quarter. Recall, during the first quarter of last year, this business experienced significant pantry stocking ahead of the shelter-in-place restrictions in several countries at the start of the global pandemic. Our sales growth this quarter in Pediatric Nutrition reflects that difficult year-over-year comparison. In the U.S. and several international markets, we continue to capture share with our leading portfolio of infant formula and toddler brands.  
 In Diagnostics, sales increased 115%, which was led by significant demand for our portfolio of COVID-19 tests as well as improvement in the base business. As I mentioned earlier, strong COVID testing-related sales were led by our rapid point-of-care platforms, ID NOW, BinaxNOW and Panbio, as we continue to see demand shift towards rapid testing worldwide. During the quarter, BinaxNOW received U.S. Emergency Use Authorization for over-the-counter, nonprescription, self-use for people with or without symptoms. We began shipping test kits to major retailers yesterday.  
 Just as importantly, our underlying base business continues to improve, driven by improving routine diagnostic testing levels and the continued rollout of our Alinity platforms. Excluding COVID testing-related sales, our Core Lab and Molecular Diagnostic businesses both achieved double-digit sales growth in the quarter. 
 Turning to Established Pharmaceuticals, where sales grew over 6% in the quarter, which is particularly strong given the comparison versus a strong first quarter last year. Performance in the quarter was led by double-digit sales growth in India, China and Brazil. And while we continue to see elevated COVID case levels across several emerging markets, the business is executing at a high level to ensure patients have access to our branded generic medicines.  
 And lastly, I'll cover Medical Devices, where sales grew nearly 9% in the quarter, led by strong growth in Structural Heart, Rhythm Management, Electrophysiology and Diabetes Care. Although procedure volumes across our cardiovascular and neuromodulation businesses were impacted early in the year by elevated [ coast ] case rates in certain countries including the U.S., we saw growth improve throughout the quarter and exited with good momentum. On average in March, U.S. procedure levels were up mid-single digits compared to pre-COVID baselines across our cardiovascular business with some areas even higher.  
 In Structural Heart, sales were up mid-teens overall with growth contributions coming from several products within our innovative portfolio, including MitraClip, TriClip, Portico and others. MitraClip sales grew more than 15% in the U.S., where we achieved our highest number of monthly procedures ever in the month of March. In January, CMS expanded reimbursement covered for MitraClip, which significantly increases the number of people who can benefit from this market-leading device.  
 And I'll wrap up with Diabetes Care, where growth was led by Freestyle Libre sales of nearly $830 million. The global user base for Libre has now surpassed 3 million users, driven by market expansion and awareness efforts as well as ongoing new product launch activity in every major market around the world.  
 So in summary, we're off to a very strong start and right on track with our expectations for the year. All 4 of our major businesses are achieving strong growth. We're particularly pleased with the growth contributions and momentum of several recently launched products. And we're well positioned to achieve more than 35% EPS growth, as we have forecasted at the beginning of the year. 
 I'll now turn over the call to Bob to discuss our results and outlook for the year in more detail. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance. 
 Turning to our results. Sales for the first quarter increased 32.9%, which was led by strong performance across all of our businesses, along with strong global COVID testing-related sales. Organic sales growth was balanced, with 34% growth in the U.S. and 32% growth internationally. COVID testing-related sales were also balanced geographically, with a little more than half of those sales coming from international markets.  
 Foreign exchange had a favorable year-over-year impact of 2.5% on first quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar strengthen somewhat versus several currencies, which resulted in a slightly less favorable impact on sales compared to exchange rates at the time of our earnings call in January. Based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have a favorable impact of approximately 4% on our second quarter reported sales and would now expect exchange to have a favorable impact of nearly 2% on our full year 2021 sales.  
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L for the first quarter, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 58.3% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 6% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 25.1% of sales. As Robert mentioned, the strength of our business performance has created an opportunity to significantly increase our investments in R&D and SG&A to further strengthen our pipeline and growth initiatives. During the first quarter, our combined investments in these areas increased approximately $200 million compared to the same quarter last year and was at the highest level since our separation with AbbVie.  
 For the first quarter, net interest expense was $124 million. Nonoperating income was $73 million. And our adjusted tax rate was 15%, which is consistent with our full year effective tax rate from last year. 
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. 
Robert Hopkins: Congratulations on the strong Q1 revenue and profit growth. I don't think I can recall the last time the company put up 100% earnings growth, so impressive there.  
 I guess I'd love to hear your thoughts on 2 important topics, Robert, if you don't mind, and that the first topic is BinaxNOW OTC. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about capacity and your early thoughts on how you think demand will play out for that product. So that's the first topic.  
 And then I'll just go ahead and list the second one in the interest of time. The second topic is a little bit longer-term oriented, because last quarter you expressed some confidence in Abbott's ability to drive double-digit earnings growth in 2022 off of that $5 number for this year.  
 And the question I would have is, based on what you're seeing today, has anything changed with your views? And then I think investors would also love to hear, if you assume a more conservative testing scenario, how does that impact that goal of double-digit earnings growth next year? So I just wanted to list this all upfront there. 
Robert Ford: Okay, thanks. On your first question regarding kind of the U.S. Binax OTC launch, so yes, we're very excited about that. We see this is a as a significant opportunity, and quite frankly, a trend that's been happening overseas and is kind of now happening here in the U.S., which is this move, this accelerated move here from, say, more hospital lab-based testing to more rapid testing outside of that environment, where consumers and people can get the results at a much faster rate, and quite frankly, with a little bit less hassle, less process. So we see this as a significant opportunity. It's easy and it's affordable. And I think that's a key part here, Bob, as we think about surveillance testing and serial testing. It needs to contemplate those 2 areas, right? It needs to be affordable.  
 It's difficult to do serial testing on PCR when you've got a cost of $100-plus and takes between 2 to 3 days to get that. So I think we're in a great opportunity here to be able to capitalize on that. I think this is something that people are going to want to buy and have in their homes and stock up in their homes. Think of it as maybe your new element in your medicine cabinet. But we've been seeing this shift happen towards the end of last year and definitely into this quarter here, this move towards rapid. Specifically in the U.S., we've got a great position as a lot of this OTC is going to require understanding of the retail and the retail environment, the retail channel. And those are capabilities that, as you know through our Nutrition business, through our Diabetes business, we know how to operate and operate pretty well in there.  
 So we're excited, and I think this is going to eliminate a lot of the barriers that exist for frequent testing. A key aspect of that is obviously scale. We have to have scale to be able to meet the demand. And quite frankly, we're probably the leaders here in terms of production. We've got an established capacity this quarter now, that we can do about 150 million rapid tests per month across all of our different platforms.  
 So we feel very good about that position. We feel good about this opportunity.  
 To your second question on 2022, yes, we did -- you did mention our confidence back in January, and we commented it on our call. And to be honest, nothing's changed on that front. Nothing's changed over the last 90 days.  
 We start our planning process every year. We target double-digit growth. And we talked about some of the key elements and laid out some of the key elements that allowed us to have that confidence to be able to drive that double digit in 2022, whether it's the pace of recovery of our base business, COVID testing, new product launches, investment spend, et cetera. None of that has changed. I mean if you look at the pace of our recovery on our base business, that's done very well. Cardio and neuro finished the quarter very strong. We grew double digits, as I said in my prepared remarks, in Core Lab and Molecular Diagnostics excluding COVID. Libre is growing rapidly. Nutrition and EPD are accelerating their growth rates with pipeline and a market that supports that sustained growth. We've got momentum with a lot of our product launches: MitraClip G4, TriClip, I'd say our mapping systems, our new CRM devices.  
 And then we've got coming out of this year going into next year, 4 key product launches that we feel very good about. We're very excited about them, given our position, given the product offering and the value proposition of them. And you know those are LAA -- entering the LAA market here in the U.S., potential expansion of indication for CardioMEMS, entering the leadless pacemaker with single chamber and then follow that with a dual chamber, entering the U.S. TAVR market. I mean all 4 of those opportunities are multibillion-dollar segments. And we've been working hard on the last, call it, 18 months to get us ready and to be in a position in 2022 to be able to capitalize on that. 
 So the underlying base business, the pipeline, all of that is kind of heading in the right direction and don't see any changes. If anything, there's acceleration to kind of what we talked about 90 days ago. 
 And we continue to believe a good portion of the COVID testing is sustainable. There's, as I said, there's a clear trend here to move towards rapid formats. We're the dominant producer here of these rapid tests, making about 150 million a month. So wherever that market goes, we know that we'll be the share leader here for sure. So you look at all these different components here, Bob, we still feel very confident about our double digit. 
 The one thing I'll say is that as you look at all these different businesses, probably one thing that we can try and model now but it will probably be different, January is just how the mix of those businesses are going to contribute to that double-digit growth. It always ends up differently in terms of how we plan. We did double digit in '20, and it was very different versus how we set it up in January of 2020. 
 So if you look at our history, we're pretty consistent about delivering on that. If there's any caution here, I guess, for next year, it'd already be -- seem to be priced here into our P/E. So -- but that being said, I don't think anything has changed here from the last 90 days from our perspective. We still feel very good about our double digit. 
Robert Hopkins: That's great. And then just if it was a more conservative testing environment, how does that impact the way you think about things? 
Robert Ford: I mean that's -- I guess that's the model here where we start to model different ways, different parts of all these elements that I explained to you, and it's going to be difficult. I'm not going to put out an assumption there of what COVID testing level is required, but I do feel that a good portion of it is going to be sustainable. And we'll get a lot of the share of the COVID testing that's remained. So... 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Great. And I'll echo Bob's congratulations on a very nice quarter. Maybe just to follow up, Robert, I'd love to get a sense. One of the key investor topics, as you just touched on, is the double-digit target for EPS growth next year. And part of that, it looks like you're front-loading a lot of expenses into 2021 here. You grew OpEx about $300 million versus last year. 
 So I'd love to see if I could just get a little more meat on the bones in terms of the road map to that double-digit EPS, more down the P&L versus the top line, which you just talked about? And does it imply sort of high 20s operating margins to get there? 
Robert Ford: On the high 20s operating margin, yes, that does appear to be the case. Regarding the areas of investment. I mean I talked a lot about these in terms of the investments we're making. I'd say from a bigger picture perspective, we want to make sure that we're spending and investing a good portion of these COVID testing profits into the R&D portion of the P&L. We believe that is a very sustainable investment. 
 And if I look across all of the businesses, in devices, in diagnostics, in rapid diagnostics, in nutrition, all of these businesses have opportunities to invest in R&D. And we've got clear programs across all of them to build the R&D programs that will sustain our growth beyond '22, '23, '24. 
 A lot of the products that I just mentioned, whether it's the ones we've just launched over the last kind of quarter, 2 or 3 quarters, plus the 4 key areas that we're looking at entering in 2022, those are going to drive a lot of our revenue growth. And those have already been funded, but I would say the investments here are really looking into next-generation products in Diagnostics, expansion in our portfolio and devices that will lead to new product launches in '23 and '24. 
 On the SG&A side, we're making sure that we're supporting our big growth products. I'd say probably a lot of the SG&A is going towards Libre and driving Libre awareness and growth, both in the U.S. and international markets. And you'll start to see that ramp up even more as we go throughout the year, both in terms of spend and the return on the top line. 
 We're making investments also in Nutrition to strengthen our brand and capitalize on the expansion, especially in the adult nutrition side of the market. And expanding footprint in several of our device businesses where we know that clinical specialists and sales force, et cetera, is important to be able to support not only the expansion of our current products, but the launch of new products. 
Robert Marcus: Great, really helpful. And maybe just a quick follow-up. We're all really interested to hear not just about how the devices business did in first quarter, but really the forward commentary on what you're seeing exiting March into April here. So if you have any early feedback on the exit rates and what you're expecting in terms of catch-up, that would be really helpful. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean I think as I said in my prepared comments and on the first question, too, I mean we saw a nice recovery. Obviously, there was obviously some -- a little bit of a slowdown in January. So we had a nice pickup, I'd say, in October, November where -- sorry, yes October, November, where we saw procedure growth rates return to growth. And I'd say December, January saw that decline as the cases increased, but saw real nice progression in the month of February and then very strong growth in March. 
 And Rob, what we try to do also is we try to look at there's -- March is a tricky month because you've got those 2 weeks of last year where things kind of really kind of shut down. So we look at March not only versus last year, but also looking at it versus March of 2019, and quite frankly, the whole quarter versus 2019. And we actually see growth rates in this quarter that are higher than our pre-pandemic rates in 2019, in Q1 of 2019. So I think we saw a real nice growth. 
 In Core Lab, that was very positive to see. We saw double-digit growth there, and that's a good indicator of routine testing coming back to hospitals, saw double digit there. 
 Our Molecular Diagnostic business, excluding COVID and PCR COVID testing, was up 30%. So that's a real positive sign that our strategy of utilizing the Alinity M to launch into the market with COVID and then kind of build off the menu is also having a positive impact over there, too. 
 So I'd say very good exit rate. And as we look at the first 2 weeks of April, and we look at it every week here, real nice progression. 
 So I didn't see the bolus coming in and then the drop. I actually saw continued nice improvement in Structural Heart, in EP and even in CRM. So those are -- that's a nice trend as we're going into the second quarter, too. 
 And we'll start to see a little bit of opening up here in Europe. I'd say the one area that was a little bit softer for us was Europe, given all the shutdowns there. But again, I'd say the first couple of weeks in Europe are looking pretty good. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Robert, one for me on capital allocation; and one on your favorite topic, I think, Libre. So a lot of questions around 2022. And my question is, how important is it to hit that double-digit EPS growth target in 2022? And your thoughts around capital allocation helping you achieve the $5.50 in EPS, is it a buyback or an accretive deal, something you would consider to get there? And I have one follow-up on Libre. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, we start every year, as I said, targeting double digit. If you look at where we are in 2021 versus 2019, we're up 53%. But we'll be targeting, as I said, double-digit in 2022. And again, there's multiple ways of how we can get there in terms of business mix, et cetera. 
 We do have a strong balance sheet, and that provides us a lot of strategic flexibility. We try to have a balanced approach there, Larry, in terms of balancing between the short and long-term investing in the business and providing some of that return back to our shareholders. 
 So whether it's in the form of dividend, we're committed to a strong growing dividend. It's an important part of our identity. 
 On the share repurchasing, we've historically just really looked at share repurchasing to offset some of the dilution. We could be looking to do a little bit more than that going -- in this year, going into next year. 
 And then from an M&A perspective, I'd say we're always actively monitoring. We're always actively looking. And you'll always hear me say that I'm not going to tip my hand and give up any kind of competitive advantage there. But if there's something that is attractive, something that has got growth, that won't dilute our top line growth profile, which I think is best in class, or that we can do better with, we're always going to be interested. But we're always going to be prudent about deploying our cash, Larry, always keeping our shareholders happy, balancing the long term, the short term, the internal and the external. 
 And this is not a kind of a new CEO versus prior CEO philosophy. This has always been an Abbott philosophy. We're good stewards of that capital and good stewards of finding that right balance that I just described. 
Larry Biegelsen: That's very helpful. And then Libre, how should we think about the growth for the remainder of the year? The comps get a little easier. You talked about 40% as an aspirational goal on the last call. 
 And just what's the latest on the Libre 3 launch in Europe? And if you'll give us any color on the U.S., it would be certainly appreciated, but I'm not sure we'll get it today. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I did put out a goal of growing 40% in 2021. You mentioned comparison. Yes, there was a little bit of a -- you've got a little bit of a balance here between Q1 and Q2. So Q1 last year, we saw some stocking up in international and in the U.S. So I look at our 30% here and -- on top of a pretty strong quarter last year as really positive momentum. 
 We'll have some effect on the reverse side of that in Q2. So then it becomes really a second half, can we kind of sustain this kind of mid-30s and accelerate it into the 40s in the second half? And the answer is we believe so. We've got a great portfolio. We've got great momentum and making the investments, whether it's field force, whether it's direct-to-consumer advertising, not just in the U.S., but around the world, significant investments to building awareness for the category. 
 I mean we've achieved 3 million -- surpassed 3 million users around the world. That's 3 -- we could say, hey, that's 3x our next competitor, but the reality is the penetration for us and for the categories is still pretty significant. So there's plenty of room here for us to invest and grow, and we'll be doing that on the back of our -- not only our commercial investments, but also R&D. 
 Your question on Libre 3, that's -- we launched that into Europe at the end of this quarter. We're right where we want to be. 
 We start off usually small and focused here, Larry. We learn. We learn with the consumer. We learn with the HCP in terms of what resonates. We learn with our manufacturing. We've got a lot of capabilities in terms of how to manufacture at scale. 
 But there's always a little bit of a learning curve here. It is a new platform. And we learn with insurance, and insurance switches over and all those things. And once we get all of that kind of lined up, then we accelerate and we go break it. But I've got -- we've got a lot of strategic flexibility here with Libre 2 and Libre 3. I think we're in a great position. 
 Feedback has been really good. I mean we've launched this with about over 1,000 HCPs. We've got close to a couple of hundred patients that we've now kind of just tried to see what their reactions are with the products, and it's been extremely positive. There's a lot of social media there. I'm not very fluent in German, but I can tell a facial expression of awesomeness and coolness and amazement factor, and you can see those in the videos of these patients that are using it. 
 So I think this is going to set a whole new standard for us on every dimension: size, ease of use, accuracy, alarm performance, wear experience, all that. It's all great. It's all good. 
 So regarding your question on Libre time frame, I think you answered it. So that's good. I'm not going to provide any details here. But I'm just really excited about Libre 3 and the combination of the portfolio, having both 2 and 3. I just think it provides us a lot of strategic flexibility. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Congrats on the [ printing ]. Robert, I did want to ask you on fiscal '21. If I look at Q1, excluding contribution from COVID, right, the base business looks like it was up 10% organic versus pre-pandemic in the '19 levels. One, is that math correct? And if we're starting off at 10%, I guess, are we looking at perhaps teens kind of growth for fiscal '21 on the top line on the base business? 
Robert Funck: Vijay, this is Bob. Yes, your math is spot-on. Our first quarter was up over 2019 and by around 10%. 
 So we had really good performance in the quarter in the base business, and you really saw that across kind of the portfolio of businesses. And then we would expect to continue to see strong growth during the course of the rest of the year, in particular as medical device procedures continue to improve. And we would expect to see kind of that base business growth in the mid-teens. 
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, guys. And then one on the antigen testing side, I saw the press release yesterday launching the asymptomatic consumer version of the product. 
 What -- I guess how are revenues recognized? Is this recognized on shipment? And what are early -- what is early demand looking like from retailers, the CVS and Walgreens, Walmart? And is there expectation of $6.5 billion to $7 billion for fiscal '21? Is that unchanged? 
Robert Ford: Yes. So on the $6.5 billion to $7 billion, yes, that remains unchanged. It's difficult to forecast here in that tight range that you'd expect from Abbott. But yes, we continue to forecast sales at around that level. 
 Regarding your question, I think it was regarding the Binax OTC in the U.S., correct? Is that what you're referring to? 
Vijay Kumar: Correct. 
Robert Ford: Yes. So yes, I mean we received approval for the product several weeks ago, and we immediately started our manufacturing process. It is a different presentation from the previous Binax test in which we provide 2 tests and the necessary consumables to run those tests. So we started manufacturing that and began shipping literally yesterday to retailers. And we'll start with CVS, Walgreens, Walmart. And you can expect all the other retailers, food merchants, et cetera, to roll into that as we expand and start manufacturing and accelerating our manufacturing. 
 So yes, we ship the product and the revenue is booked when the asset is transferred over to the retailer. But I think this is going to be, as I said, a great opportunity. It's a channel we know very well. I think few diagnostic companies that have this product have the capacity, the manufacturing scale and the channel experience and domain here to kind of really compete. 
 So we feel very good about our position. And we'll start -- we start off with initial stocking orders. And then from them, we'll roll out more distribution. And we expect, given the price point here, Vijay, that there's going to be a great opportunity for a lot of households in the U.S. to be able to have testing on hand, ready to go at their house. So we expect that there'll be a nice repeat purchase also. 
Vijay Kumar: Yes, I'm planning on stocking up, Robert. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Miksic from Crdit Suisse. 
Matthew Miksic: Just a quick question for me, if I could, is just on some of the pipeline opportunities around Amulet and CardioMEMS in Portugal, if you could provide us with maybe an update on those programs. And secondly, on just the progression of MitraClip, this has been a device and procedure that was a little bit more impacted by the slowdown over the winter. And just love to get a sense of what the trajectory looks like now heading into Q2. 
Robert Ford: So a couple there. So on the Amulet side, yes, listen, we've got experience in this category outside of the United States and the international markets, and the product does very well. We filed with the FDA late last year. We think this is a very attractive market. It's approaching about $1 billion today, and it's growing double digits. And as I said, I think Amulet is a very competitive product in its current form. 
 We're obviously -- we'll obviously be investing as part of some of those R&D investments I mentioned in next generations there also. But even in its current format, performs very well, and we've got a great experience in Europe. 
 We believe a lot in this market in this segment. And so we've also initiated our CATALYST trial. So we started a new trial late last year, and this is a trial comparing Amulet to NOAC drugs, which is currently the standard treatment option for people with AF that -- or at risk of a stroke. 
 So we think that this will be a significant kind of growth driver after we launch also. Results there will take a little bit longer to divulge those, probably in the 2023 time frame. But it just shows our commitment to this segment because we believe we've got a great product, great product portfolio, a pipeline, and it's a great segment here. 
 So I think you had another question on MitraClip. MitraClip did very well in the quarter. Obviously, it got impacted by COVID last year. It was on a great trajectory. It kind of got slowed down as obviously the ICU beds and hospitals moved towards treating COVID. But we had great growth in Q1. We're up in the mid-teens in the U.S. So that was good. 
 As I said in my prepared comments, we had our highest number of procedures ever in the month of March. And that wasn't just catch-up because I've looked at the procedures in the first 2 weeks of April and they continue to move up. So that's very positive for us. 
 And we're making our investments, not only on the pipeline side, new versions of MitraClip, but also more importantly in the market development, so really to expand the funnel of patients being treated, creating those patient referral networks with the cardiologists and our implanting centers. So that's done very well. 
 And I think the NCD that got approved in January, opens up a significant opportunity for us with MitraClip. Remember, we're only about 5% to 6%, maybe 7% penetrated right now in the total available market here. And I think that we've got a lot of runway for growth in the mitral space. 
 And I think you also had a question on CardioMEMS. We expect to file for a label expansion relatively soon. This would also significantly broaden the U.S. market opportunity. And we plan to pursue CMS reimbursement after we obtain that label expansion. 
 This segment continues to grow. Our Q1 growth in CardioMEMS was north of 20%. And that market has started to recover also from the pandemic, and I like the position we have in them. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. 
Matthew Taylor: So I wanted to go back to the idea of the double-digit growth and the investments that you're making this year. You called out R&D, and we've seen DTC has been stepping up. I think there's a lot of Libre commercials there now. 
 I guess my question is, when you think about these investments and the sustainability, historically, we've thought about Abbott is driving 7% growth. That was your algorithm pre-COVID. Do you think that the investments could lead to more sustainable, higher post-COVID organic growth? And then how quickly can you toggle them up and down if the environment changes quickly to manage earnings? 
Robert Ford: Sure. So I'd say on the base business side, our identity, our target was really sustaining a 7% to 8% growth rate pre-COVID. And I'd say with these investments that we're making, excluding any kind of year-over-year comp, we'd probably be at the higher end of that 7% to 8% range, I mean, once you factor in maybe a Q1 comparison on the base business. Next year, you're probably growing a little bit higher than that, Matt. But at the high end of that 7% to 8% is what we're looking at, with all these investments and product development and portfolio development. 
 As I said, a big portion of our COVID cash flows and profits, part of it goes to our shareholders, but part of it goes back into the business. And we've got a lot of flexibility here to toggle that investment up or down if we need to. I mean I'd probably say that each business has their list of go-to areas that we've all agreed to are kind of next steps. If we have more opportunity to invest in the business, we know exactly where to go. 
 As it relates to toggling down, yes, I mean, I wouldn't be toggling down R&D. I think that's more of a sustainable kind of investment that sustains our growth rate. It's easier to toggle on SG&A, and we've got that capabilities also if we need to. 
Matthew Taylor: Great. And I just had a follow-up on Diagnostics. The underlying growth, as you called out in Core Lab and Molecular, was impressive. And I'm wondering if we're going to see you get increased momentum in the underlying business because of your success with COVID diagnostics. Do you think you can leverage that larger installed base and drive to higher growth in the core diagnostic business over time now? 
Robert Ford: Yes, I think the answer to that is yes. We've definitely been elevated to a kind of higher level of partnership here with a lot of hospitals and IDNs and institutions as it relates to their kind of COVID testing. There's been large set of accounts that we've historically been out of and now had the opportunity to place our instruments and show what we can do. 
 So the answer to that is yes on the core lab for sure. You saw -- you're seeing a little bit of that strategy play out in the molecular side of the business, where we haven't seen these kind of growth rates in our molecular business, excluding COVID, in a very long time. And we were up close to 30%, excluding COVID testing. A lot of that has to do with the instruments that we're placing and getting the test pull-through on the other assays on the other tests. 
 So on the rapid side, too, I wouldn't just look at it from a Core Lab perspective. The sustainability of COVID is one portion of it is the actual COVID test. The other portion of it is the installed base that we're placing as a result of that. 
 I've talked a little bit about this building sustainability of a rapid testing channel beyond just COVID, and COVID is allowing us to do that. But if you think about, for example, our ID NOW instrument, where we basically ceded the market here for an opportunity to do much more in the world outside of COVID by placing these instruments, we had roughly about 19,000 boxes in the U.S. in 2019, and we're currently at 75,000 boxes. So we almost quadrupled our installed base there. 
 And will they all be as productive from a COVID testing perspective at the highest level of the pandemic 1, 2 years out? No, probably not, but they'll be very productive with all of our other assays. And that installed base will continue to grow and will continue to produce for us. 
 So to answer your question, yes, I do think this is a great opportunity here for us to continue to roll out our Alinity platform on the Core Lab, on the molecular side and continue to build our rapid testing channel in the rapids business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. 
JoanneWuensch: I'll just put them both upfront. Can you give us an idea of how you're thinking about revenue for the remainder of the year? Particularly I'm going to ask questions about COVID-19 diagnostic revenue in 2021. 
 And then my second question has to do with the other areas of med tech that are starting to support or continue to support that high single-digit growth rate. Anything you can add color on a neuromod, vascular or CRM would be helpful. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So kind of growth rate in our diagnostic business, the way to think about it is, at least how we've modeled it, is we'll see our, let's call it, non-COVID diagnostic business continue to accelerate, continue to grow. Obviously, you'll have comps over there, Joanne, in Q2 and Q3. That will be producing some mid-teens kind of growth numbers in this business. 
 But I think we always look at it, at least the way we're managing it here, is we're always looking at it on a 2-year CAGR. So if we can get back up to that kind of 10%, 11%, 12% growth rate that we were seeing in our Core Lab business that -- on a 2-year CAGR, that's basically our target to be able to get to those numbers. 
 COVID testing, it's difficult to forecast right now. I can't give you an exact quarterly progression of that. I think the range that we've given last call, I'd continue to reiterate it. But it's going to be a little bit difficult here to get the exact calendarization, the exact mix, the exact geography right in terms of the COVID testing. 
 What I will say though is that I do continue to believe that the shift from lab-based PCR will still play a role in COVID, but I think that the bigger role will be played by the rapid testing as it relates to surveillance. And as I said, I think we're well positioned there. 
 I think you had -- your second question was regarding some of the other devices. I'd say, listen, I'm very pleased with CRM. I'm not saying that we've completely turned it around, but it's a great progression that we're seeing here. The launch of our ICDs and CRT-Ds with the Gallant brand with Bluetooth capability in Europe and U.S., all of the numbers show that we're picking up share, and that's the ultimate measure here. 
 And I'm excited about the ability for us to enter the leadless segment in next year with our product and the capabilities that -- and the value proposition that, that product will bring versus competitive systems. So I think that's done very well. 
 I'd say heart failure, one of the challenges there is probably -- that's probably the slowest part of the device portfolio to recover. A lot of those procedures require some ICU stays. So I think that one was one where we saw a little bit of impact to market. I'd say our share has started pretty high around the mid-80s, 85%. So that's mostly a market condition that we'll see come back. But I think that the CardioMEMS is another great opportunity for us where we saw growth in the quarter for 26%. 
 So I don't know if I covered all the device areas that you wanted me to hit on. 
JoanneWuensch: If you can hit on neuromod, that would be great. 
Robert Ford: Yes. So we did see a little bit of a slowdown in trials towards the end of the year and the beginning of the year, and we saw that start to pick up a little bit now. We think that we like our position. 
 We recently launched our remote programming and monitoring system, the NeuroSphere. I think that's going to create a whole new opportunity for us in terms of business model, in terms of our ability to service the patients and the physicians better with that. So we started to roll it out in the U.S. 
 I think it applies to both SCS and DBS, too. We've gotten great feedback on that. So I think that we'll see sequential improvement on our performance in neuro not only as we lap the comps, but also as the NeuroSphere gets widely used. And then we've got a nice pipeline of products to be launching towards the end of the year here. 
Operator: And our last question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: Congratulations on the quarter. I wanted to, Rob, just to ask about your commentary about the potential to pursue M&A to support, if need be, to support the double-digit earnings growth in 2022. And anything you can provide investors or analysts with in terms of the areas of focus? I mean should we be thinking that each business unit could receive some support with the acquisition? 
 And then specifically on Medical Devices, just a follow-up to Joanne's question, should we be thinking about potential the bolstering heart failure, vascular, neuromod to some of the softer businesses here? I mean you have such a pipeline and had such success with internal development initiatives, is Medical Device an area where you can add? 
 And then lastly, just on this Structural Heart business. I mean in the U.S., you're going to be adding Amulet and Portico in the near term. And just how are you thinking about that -- you mentioned a specialized sales force. Should we be thinking about individual sales teams for MitraClip, TAVR and left atrial appendage occlusion? And how could that all shape out? 
Robert Ford: Yes. So I think on the M&A side, you'll hear me say the same thing, which is I think it always starts off strategically. Does the business that we're looking at have a strategic fit to Abbott, both from a market position, from a financial standpoint? So we wouldn't be looking at anything that doesn't fit us strategically just to fill an EPS. We want businesses that we can grow, that we can obviously operate and can fit well into the company. 
 So I think it always starts like that. It always starts with the strategic fit. And then if it's attractive, if the timing is right, then we'll look at it. 
 I think all the areas that you mentioned are all areas that we look at. So we look at all those areas that you mentioned. We look at diagnostics. We look at all the areas we're always studying. And we're always paying attention to the new technologies, the new companies, et cetera. So I just won't tip my hand here and give anything away in terms of our competitive position here. 
 So regarding your second question on sales forces, it always depends. But we tend to have a viewpoint here, Josh, where we believe that kind of focused and dedicated teams has always been best. That's kind of how we've run our businesses. It's how we've run our businesses for many, many decades. We don't try and bring things together that don't make sense just for the sake of synergies. 
 If we believe we're in growth areas and growth businesses, then we'll fund them as growth business and growth areas. And quite frankly, all the businesses that you talked about in Structural Heart are areas of high potential growth. So we will treat them and resource them as such. 
 So I'll just close here by saying we set guidance of at least $5, which is about 35% growth year-over-year. That's after a 13% growth in 2020. And we feel very good about our first quarter. We feel that our first quarter puts us on track to achieve those -- at least those $5. We have multiple ways to get there. 
 The COVID market is going to move more and more towards rapid, and our position in this segment of COVID testing is unmatched with our capabilities, our scale, et cetera. And we believe a good portion of those tests, of that COVID testing market will remain at least into 2022. 
 And I'm very pleased with the pace of recovery of our base business Abbott, or let's call it the non-COVID side of our business. And we're making investments in 2021, so we can accelerate our growth in 2022 and beyond, and we've talked about this also. So we feel very good about the position we're in today and the position we have this year and going into next year. 
Scott Leinenweber: Very good. Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-26 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. 
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Finance Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions. 
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2021. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on Abbott's operations and financial results, that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and in Item 1A Risk Factors in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. 
 Please note that financial information provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported another highly successful year for Abbott during what's been the single most disruptive health care event in our lifetimes. For the full year, we reported organic sales growth of nearly 10% and ongoing earnings per share of $3.65, which reflects double-digit growth and is at the upper end of our guidance range we set last January when we were expecting a normal economy. Performance like this after the pandemic struck is a real achievement and demonstrates the strength of our diversified business model. 
 The normal times, it maximizes our growth opportunities, and during the pandemic, it's been tested by a global crisis and proven to be highly resilient. It should come as no surprise that our performance was led by our Diagnostics business. COVID-19 dominated the year for us and the world, and our primary response came in the form of diagnostic tests to identify the virus. 
 In total, we delivered more than 400 million COVID tests since the start of the pandemic, including more than 300 million tests in the fourth quarter alone. 
 But as we've discussed before, the year was not all Diagnostics and COVID. Our more consumer-facing businesses, Nutrition, Diabetes Care and Established Pharmaceuticals all contribute growth for the year, and we continue to launch an impressive stream of innovations across our businesses. And I'll touch on some of these new products in more detail in just a moment. 
 We exited 2020 with tremendous momentum, including total sales growth of more than 28% and ongoing earnings per share growth of more than 50% in the fourth quarter. 
 Turning to 2021. We're forecasting another year of top-tier performance. As we announced this morning, we forecast ongoing earnings per share of at least $5 in 2021, reflecting growth of more than 35% compared to last year. And because we're building on top of our strong 2020 performance, our forecasted 2021 earnings per share is more than 50% higher than our pre-pandemic EPS in 2019, which is highly unique and differentiated in this environment. 
 I'll now provide more details on our 2020 results before turning over the call to Bob. And I'll start with Nutrition, where sales increased around 4.5% for both the fourth quarter and full year. 
 Strong growth of Ensure, our market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, and Glucerna, our leading diabetes nutrition brand, led to double-digit growth in Adult Nutrition for both the quarter and full year. In Pediatric Nutrition, U.S. sales growth of more than 5% last year was led by increased market share of Similac, our market-leading infant formula brand. International Pediatric Nutrition sales continued to be impacted by challenging market conditions in Greater China. 
 During the past year, we continue to expand our Nutrition portfolio with several new product and line extensions, including the continued rollout of infant formula products across our Similac brand family that contain human oligosaccharide or HMO, which supports a healthy immune system. Global expansion of our PediaSure, Glucerna and Ensure brands, including the continued rollout of Ensure high-protein products; and the launch of 4 new Pedialyte rehydration products: Pedialyte Zero Sugar, Sport, Organic and Immune Support. 
 For 2021, we're forecasting similar sales growth for our global Nutrition business and a continued strong cadence of new product introductions. 
 Turning to Medical Devices, where sales were relatively flat in the fourth quarter. Strong double-digit growth in Diabetes Care was offset by lower sales in our Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation businesses due to challenging conditions as COVID case rates surged in certain geographies towards the end of the quarter. As we saw throughout last summer and fall, we expect procedure volumes to improve in these businesses as COVID case rates subside. 
 In Diabetes Care, sales grew nearly 30% for the fourth quarter and full year, led by FreeStyle Libre, our market-leading continuous glucose monitoring system. In the U.S., Libre sales grew 50% last year. And outside the U.S., Libre sales grew 40%, surpassing $2 billion of international sales for the full year 2020. 
 This past year was possibly our most productive ever in terms of new product approvals and launches across our Medical Device portfolio. Let me touch on a handful. 
 First, the approval of MitraClip Gen 4, the latest generation of our market-leading system to repair a leaky mitral heart valve. Just last week in the U.S., Medicare expanded reimbursement coverage for MitraClip, which significantly expands the eligible patient population that can benefit from this life-changing technology. 
 CE Mark of Tendyne, a first-of-its-kind minimally invasive device to replace a faulty mitral valve; and the CE Mark of TriClip, our minimally invasive clip technology to repair a leaky tricuspid heart valve. Long considered the forgotten valve, TriClip brings an important new solution to patients that have previously had very few treatment options. 
 Abbott now offers minimally invasive device therapies for 3 valves in the heart: the aortic, the mitral and the tricuspid valves. We also launched 2 cardiac rhythm defibrillation products under our Gallant brand that include Bluetooth capabilities to align with our strategy in remote monitoring and digitally connected care. 
 Also saw the approval of EnSite X, our next-generation 3D cardiac mapping technology; and U.S. approval of FreeStyle Libre 2 and CE Mark for Libre 3, the latest generations of our market-leading continuous glucose monitoring systems; and CE Mark of Libre Sense Glucose Sport, the first product in our strategy to expand use of our wearable biosensor technology into mass-market opportunities beyond diabetes. As you can see, it was a highly productive year for our pipeline, and quite frankly, there's even more I could highlight. 
 In 2021, we're forecasting continued strong double-digit growth in our Diabetes Care business, led by FreeStyle Libre, and steady improvements in our Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation businesses, fueled by the continued business recovery, the society works its way through COVID-19 and on the strength of our recent and upcoming new product launches. 
 Moving to Established Pharmaceuticals or EPD, where sales increased 3.5% in the fourth quarter, reflecting sequential improvement versus the prior quarter. Despite COVID, EPD sales increased 2% overall in 2020, demonstrating the resilience of our business model even in this challenging environment. Growth this past year was led by sales in India, Russia, China and Brazil. 
 During the year, EPD continued to strengthen its portfolio with more than 50 new product launches across our key emerging markets. As we've discussed before, new product introductions in EPD are more incremental in nature, and the steady cadence of portfolio expansion and refreshment we're achieving is an important element of our sustainable growth strategy. We forecast demand and growth rate improvements in EPD during 2021 as well as a continued steady cadence of new product introductions that will contribute to growth. 
 And I'll wrap up with our Diagnostic business, where sales grew nearly 110% in the quarter, driven by $2.4 billion of COVID testing-related sales. We realized very early that a variety of different testing solutions would be required to tackle the pandemic. 
 With that understanding, starting last March, we developed and launched an entire portfolio of tests to target the virus. The biggest contribution in the fourth quarter came from our rapid lateral flow test to detect the virus, which includes BinaxNOW in the U.S. and Panbio internationally. These are highly portable, reliable and affordable tests and in just 50 minutes can detect if someone is infectious without the use of an instrument, which means the test can be performed in virtually any setting, such as physician office, pharmacies, urgent care centers, workplace settings and even at home. 
 As part of our pandemic response efforts, we also developed and launched a digital solution that pairs with these tests called NAVICA, which allows people to receive and display test results on their mobile devices. But our efforts didn't stop at developing these tests. We also ramped up manufacturing capacity on a massive scale and now producing more than 100 million of these 2 tests combined per month. 
 While our COVID testing efforts have clearly received a lot of attention, we've also remained focused on the launch and rollout of Alinity, our suite of innovative diagnostic instruments. We continue to retain existing businesses and capture share at strong rates. And we continue to build on our test menus for these instruments. 
 Last year, we initiated the U.S. launch of Alinity m for molecular testing. This launch included a COVID test, which helped jump-start demand for this innovative, highly automated and differentiated molecular testing platform. 
 And earlier this month, we announced U.S. FDA clearance for the first rapid handheld blood test for concussions. This test measures certain biomarkers found in blood after a head trauma event and produce the result within 15 minutes after a plasma sample is inserted in our i-STAT Alinity handheld device. 
 Building on this initial clearance, we're also working on a whole blood point-of-care test under FDA breakthrough designation. And our vision is to develop a 15-minute portable test that can be used in any settings where people might experience head injuries that require quick evaluation. 
 So in summary, despite the challenging environment, we achieved the upper end of the EPS range we set last January before anyone knew the extent of the COVID pandemic, demonstrating the strength, resilience of our diversified business model and our superior execution. Our new product pipeline continues to be incredibly productive, delivering groundbreaking innovations and a steady cadence of important new products, with more on the horizon. 
 We continue to lead in the area of diagnostic testing for COVID, which is helping to fight the virus, and accelerating our long-term decentralized testing strategy. And we're forecasting more than 35% adjusted EPS growth in 2021, which is truly unique in this environment. 
 I'll now turn over the call to Bob. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis. 
 Turning to our results. Sales for the fourth quarter increased 28.4%, which was led by strong performance in Nutrition and Diabetes Care, along with global COVID testing-related sales of $2.4 billion in the quarter. Foreign exchange had a favorable impact of 0.3% on sales, which was somewhat favorable compared to expectations had exchange rates held steady since the time of our earnings call in October. Reported sales increased 28.7% in the quarter. 
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L. The adjusted gross margin ratio was 58.5% of sales. R&D investment was 6% of sales. And SG&A expense was 23.5% of sales. Our fourth quarter adjusted tax rate of 14.1% reflects the adjustment required to align our tax expense with our revised full year effective tax rate of 15%. This is somewhat lower than the estimate we provided in October due to a shift in the mix of our geographic and business income. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full year 2021. Today, we issued guidance for full year adjusted earnings per share of at least $5. Based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have a favorable impact of approximately 3.5% on our reported sales, which includes an expected favorable impact of approximately 3% on our first quarter reported sales. We forecast full year net interest expense of around $515 million, nonoperating income of around $230 million and a full year adjusted tax rate of 15%. 
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. 
Robert Hopkins: Congrats on all the success and progress you guys are having. So Robert, so much that I could ask about here, but I'll go high level with my question and ask, if you wouldn't mind, putting that $5 earnings -- or at least $5 in earnings for 2021, a guidance number in perspective for us given that, that $5 is above even what The Street was modeling for 2022. And specifically, I guess the way I'd ask the question is, I'm sure investors would love some perspective on how COVID testing impacts that guidance, how you're thinking about the base business. And maybe most importantly, given how much higher $5 is compared to expectations, I'm sure investors would love to hear your early thoughts on whether or not Abbott can grow at its sort of traditional rates off of that $5 number next year. So sorry for the long-winded question, but would love any perspective. 
Robert Ford: Sure, Bob. You hit on all the points there. I guess we've been looking at 2021 for several months right now. I think one of the things as we're going into it is that we knew, I mean, a lot of companies were going to be forecasting double-digit growth going into 2021, a lot of that probably based on comps, where we saw a decrease in EPS. And that was -- that's not the case for Abbott. We're not coming out of a hole. And as I said in my remarks, the $5 -- the at least $5 target for 2021 is about 50% higher than where we were in 2019. 
 And what I can say is that we are, Bob and myself, as we manage the business, especially over these last couple of months and going into this year, we've been looking at 2-year CAGRs across our businesses. And then -- I think that's the right way to look at it, is to kind of look at what happened in 2020. And it's easy for some of the businesses to come up and post double-digit kind of growth for us. So we're really looking on a 2-year CAGR basis. 
 The points that you touched on are all the points that we've looked at, and we've been modeling several different scenarios. So I'll touch on those because they're all elements of how we built to our at least $5. First of all, obviously, COVID testing, it's been a big driver for us, and it will continue to be a big driver. I expect testing demand is still going to remain high even as the vaccines roll out. I don't think we've even seen testing demand peak yet. 
 So we built a lot of capacity, and we've talked about that over the last year, the capacity that we built. But we didn't put it all in. We didn't put it all in into that $5. So -- but we don't all see it going away either. But there's enough capacity there, testing capacity, sufficient testing capacity for us to be able to meet this kind of growing demand right now. 
 The other part of our forecast here, without a doubt, is looking at our base business and the recovery of our base business, specifically the ones that were hit probably more heavily by the COVID, which was some of our device businesses and our routine testing and routine lab testing. These are important procedures and life-saving procedures. They're important routine tests to do. So you can't just keep pushing them out indefinitely. And what we saw in Q3 of last year as those rates -- hospitalization rates start to come down, we started to see the pickup of our procedures and of our core testing. And we actually saw growth in several months in Q3 and going into Q4. And obviously, that got impacted probably around Thanksgiving. 
 So we've seen that these can recover, and we do have that modeled in into that $5, which is a recovery of these businesses at a similar rate of what we saw in Q3 in summer and the fall. 
 I'd say the third kind of key element in there is our consumer businesses that probably weren't as impacted and did pretty well during the pandemic. We expect those businesses to either continue their trajectory or get better. I mean I think Nutrition had a really great year last year. I expect them to have a very similar year this year with a lot of new product launches. EPD should get sequentially better. We saw that in Q4. Early indications in January show that recovery continuing. 
 And quite frankly, Libre, I expect to do better with all the innovation and investment we're making there. So those businesses will do well. 
 And then the fourth element that we've modeled a lot is spending and ability to reinvest in the businesses and areas that we thought that we could do with more investment, whether it's SG&A, and more specifically in R&D, and accelerate some of our programs. I think you saw some of that in our Q4 results, where we beat consensus while at the same time, investing more in R&D and SG&A. 
 So we looked at these 4 elements here, Bob, and we modeled it variety of different ways and just feel really good that this was a good floor, a good starting point at $5. Quite frankly, if anything, we could have significant upside over here. And it's just really going to depend a little bit on how we think about COVID testing going forward. 
 So I kind of saw the $5 here as, okay, it's a 37% increase versus 2020, which grew 13%. And we've got probable upside to that, while at the same time, an opportunity to invest in the business, invest in SG&A, more specifically in R&D. We've got a leading COVID test portfolio here with a variety of different tests and capacity that we haven't dialed all in. Quite frankly, if I had put all that capacity in, I think maybe you would have a little bit of time believing that, but it's there. 
 And I think we've got an exciting base business like you'd mentioned here that is poised for recovery. I mean we've got great portfolios, real strong brands, rich pipelines, strong leadership position. So I think the $5 here was definitely a good starting point, factoring all those elements in here, and we'll be able to kind of build from there as the year progresses. 
Robert Hopkins: That's thorough overview. And then just the one follow-up would be, obviously, it's the beginning of 2021. But does that high level of earnings for this year, does that mean you might not be able to grow off of that in 2022 because there's so much testing in 2021? Or just give us some thoughts on Abbott's ability to continue on a double-digit growth trajectory off of that $5 number, if okay. 
Robert Ford: Sure. It's a little premature to just skip across all the way to 2022. But we have -- but listen, when -- we didn't do 2021 in isolation. So yes, we looked at 2022 and looked at all those different scenarios that I talked about. So I can probably give you some general comments over here. I mean I think we're forecasting a lot of growth this year, and we're going to be looking to build on it. 
 Prior to the pandemic, The Street consensus for 2023 EPS was just under $5. So we're targeting that EPS, this level this year. So in essence, we've pulled forward at least 2 full years of EPS growth. And our mindset here, Bob, is going to be that we're going to maintain that pull-forward indefinitely. We always start our process with a double-digit target every year. That's been our identity. And I have no intention of changing that identity. 
 Of course, there's a couple of factors here that we need to contemplate. But even looking at those factors, we feel good that we've got the different elements here to be able to deliver on that double digit. One of those is obviously COVID and COVID testing. And even if COVID testing starts to mature a little bit in 2022, we believe there's a significant portion that's still very sustainable. 
 Can we predict it perfectly today? No, I can't, not to the level that you're accustomed to get from us. But I also think that the ability to do testing in a decentralized manner, people talk a lot about how the pandemic has accelerated digital transformation in businesses, accelerated transformation in the business models. The pandemic has accelerated our decentralized testing strategy. And I think the -- I think I talked about this in the last call. I think a lot of the testing channels that we're building here that have emerged, I don't see them going away. 
 On top of that, we -- as I said, we've got investment and investment spending into SG&A, but more specifically into R&D. We believe R&D is the more sustainable spend. It's the spend that allows us to sustain our top line growth rate. So I would expect that these investments that we've made in Q4 and definitely into 2021 that, that will have an impact on our base business growth rate. We've always talked about our base business being sustainable at [ 7 to 8 ], and I would expect these investments to be able to accelerate on that. 
 And I guess the third part to that question of yours about confidence on delivering double digits in 2022 is we've got a great balance sheet, and we've got strong financial health and a lot of strategic flexibility there. So I lay all of these elements out here: sustained COVID testing, the investment in the business and the strong balance sheet, just gives me confidence that even with all these different models here that we'll be able to kind of continue to deliver that identity of double-digit growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. 
Matthew Taylor: So maybe I'll just ask you to drill down a little bit on testing and the assumptions that you have for testing in the year. You came in really strong here in Q4 with a big step-up sequentially. What are you assuming in the $5 for testing throughout the year, if you could discuss some of the different product lines? And then maybe if you could provide some high-level thoughts on how much of a tail of testing we might see into '22 and beyond? 
Robert Ford: Sure. So let me talk about kind of numbers and ranges here then, and then I'll spend time talking a little bit about sustainability of the testing. As I said, I don't see the demand just kind of dropping off even with the vaccine rollout. We achieved $2.4 billion in Q4. So if you annualize that, it'll go -- it will annualize for around $10 billion. So I can expect probably Q1 is going to be at that range of about $2.5 billion or so. 
 And if you'd say, "Okay. What does the full year range look like?" I probably can't go beyond Q1 in terms of exactly how it's going to look like, but you can be in that $6.5 billion to $7 billion range, I would think. But we've got, as I said, plenty of capacity to go above that. So that's probably what's incorporated here, Matt, in the $5. 
 But I think the big point here is the sustainability of this. And to your question there, I think a good portion is sustainable. I think a substantial portion is sustainable, which is why we were a first mover and a leader here. We started with our lab-based systems. Those were the probably the obvious part in the strategy. Since we knew we had a lot of capital equipment out in the labs, we started with that strategy to take advantage of the systems out there. And you saw that rollout happen. 
 But we also knew that in a pandemic, you were going to need to add on top of that testing infrastructure. You're going to have to add faster testing, and testing that could be done at a much significant scale and that was more affordable, which is why we developed those 2 lateral flow tests. There's been a lot of visibility to BinaxNOW here in the U.S. 
 We haven't talked a lot about Panbio. But Panbio uses the same technology, the same kind of antibodies. And we've got a whole supply chain that's been built outside of the United States that supplies all of the markets that we're supporting with Panbio. So both those products, they've been the bulk of our sales. We saw that in Q4. There's a lot of capacity that we've built around them, and that would continue to build around them. 
 And the clinical utility of them is really strong. I mean they've been -- a lot of studies are showing their reliability here at finding people that are infectious. And I think that's a key distinction here, is your ability to use these tests in a way for being able to find those people that are infectious and not necessarily those that were infectious and that might have some remnants of DNA of the virus in their system. So I think it's sustainable. 
 And I think you need to take 2 kind of views here on that, at least this is how we're looking at it. First of all, we need to think globally about this. Sometimes, we get very focused on the U.S. and what's going on in here in the U.S., but you've got 8 billion-plus people around the world. And you've got a variety of different countries that are experiencing different cycles in the disease, different cycles in their vaccination strategies. So once you really take a bigger view here, this is not going to be something that will just be done in the next couple of quarters here, if you take a real global perspective. 
 And the second thing that I think is just reframing the testing. I think we think about the sustainability of testing when we think about Q2 and Q3 of last year. Long lines, not enough volume, long turnaround times, $150, $200 tests. That might be not sustainable -- not as sustainable. But if you position yourself into a 2021, 2022 world where you now have fast, easier, much more scalable test, digital tests that are priced for more accessibility and affordability, I think that's the sustained kind of business here that we see. 
 So when you think about that maturing of the COVID testing market, we kind of see PCR kind of maturing first, and then we see the rapid part of the business being sustained. And listen, we've built a lot of capacity, as I said. It's probably $12 million, $13 million, $14 billion of capacity that we built in there. We haven't put it all in, but it's there. 
 And then the other part that I talked about was just the sustainability of it past '22 and into 2023 as we've accelerated our point-of-care testing strategy. And everything we're doing in fighting the virus has not only a direct impact of helping reopen the economy, et cetera, but it's also seeding the market. And it's building these new testing channels. We've got testing going on at airports, hotels, urgent care, retail, universities, et cetera. So we believe that's pretty sustainable, too. 
Matthew Taylor: Great. Maybe I'll just ask a quick follow-up on Panbio. That's a big new piece of the story here. I think you rightly pointed out, may take longer in some countries for things to improve. So maybe testing lasts longer there. Could you talk specifically about Panbio and what you're able to do capacity-wise? Or any way to frame that opportunity? 
Robert Ford: Sure. So from a technology perspective, it's the -- it's using the same kind of lateral flow technology that Binax has. It's just in a different format, in a cassette format. We've got capacity to do over 50 million tests per month. And we've used our infectious disease emerging market organization. So the manufacturing, the regulatory, the R&D, and more importantly, the commercial infrastructure to be able to look across the world and support governments, workplaces, et cetera, on rolling out antigen testing internationally. So I think it's done very well. 
 We've been able to kind of leverage some of the kind of joint development of Binax and Panbio. But the demand that we're seeing internationally, I would characterize also as probably just starting. It hasn't even peaked either. So I think we've got a lot of opportunity with Panbio internationally, too. And I think the teams have done a really good job there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: I'll add my congratulations on the quarter. Maybe I'll ask both my questions as one upfront. This is a significant windfall of cash you're getting from the COVID testing in 2020 and 2021 and hopefully beyond. So maybe you could just talk about where you're going to put all that cash to use. I know you've mentioned in the past, some of it's going to fund new product launches. If you could just also, as part of the answer, highlight the key product launches in 2021 and beyond to look for. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I'll probably say the following. A lot of it's going towards R&D, Robbie. And as I said, I think that's the more sustainable spend. It's the one that allows us to build more sustainability in our top line and building R&D programs. Yes, there's opportunity to accelerate SG&A and put some of that cash to use in SG&A. And there are some businesses that could definitely benefit with more SG&A. And there's a pretty strong return as we put those in there, whether it's Libre or Nutrition. But a lot of the focus of this reinvestment here is going into R&D. 
 And quite frankly, I think our pipeline has been highly productive and maybe a little bit underappreciated, I think. There's a lot of focus that goes into kind of key 3 products that you guys like to write about them as the big 3, and they get a lot of attention. And quite frankly, they should, whether it's Libre, MitraClip and Alinity. They're large multibillion-dollar segments that are underpenetrated. And we've been making clear and intentional investments in those businesses. 
 I'm not going to spend a lot of time going through those, but you kind of know them, right? So Libre with Libre 3. We've got Libre 4 in development. We've been making investments in new applications for the Libre platform outside of diabetes. And MitraClip, obviously, we've got this opportunity with the CMS reimbursement. We have a fifth generation MitraClip that's also in development. And we're investing in a significant amount of clinical trials here to expand the market for us, and we'll continue to do that. 
 Probably the one I'm more excited about here is the moderate risk for DMR that we've announced also. And then Alinity, you also know the story. I mean we've got 6 new systems where we're increasing the menu and expanding that geographically. So that has a lot of attention, continues to have a lot of attention, and we do resource those opportunities because they're that big. But I think it's misleading here to think that that's the sum of our innovation strategy. We're so much more than that. 
 On the EPD and the Nutrition side, we're going to continue to invest in line extensions and portfolio refreshment. This is the model that we know drive the returns we need for these businesses. And I think the team has now hit their stride in terms of how to do this and how to effectively roll this out with local portfolios. EPDs rolled out over 50 products. I expect that to continue. Nutrition has done over 20, and I expect that to continue also. 
 In Diagnostics, outside of Alinity, outside of COVID, we've been investing a lot in expanding our rapid testing portfolio. I've been talking about this, about the opportunity we have to take advantage of these new channels that we built and increase the penetration with different assays. So whether it's going beyond COVID or flu with RSV, strep, we've got a sexually transmitted disease platform for ID NOW, which we're excited about also, which I think has got a great opportunity. 
 And then this rapid concussion test, Robbie, I think, is a great opportunity for us. Probably the biggest opportunity we have is if -- once we work through to have a whole blood test, I can envision here an opportunity across the 25,000 high schools in the U.S., the 5,000 colleges, all the sporting leagues, and that's going to take us another 1.5 years or a bit or so to get there, but I think it's a great opportunity. 
 And then the device portfolio is going to continue to get a lot of investment the way we have. Obviously, Tendyne and Cephea, we want to be a leader in mitral. We've launched Tendyne in Europe. We're funding our Cephea program so that we can have a transfemoral/transseptal program for the replacement of the mitral valve. I'm very pleased with the progress we've seen on Tendyne. 
 TriClip, I've talked about the opportunity with TriClip. It's not going to be as large as mitral, but it will be 30%, 35% the size of the mitral market. And we're still in the early innings here of development -- of clinical evidence development, and we're going to be leading there. 
 We've made investments in increasing the competitiveness of our CRM portfolio. We've just started to roll out now more global basis, our new 2 -- our 2 new defibrillator products under the Gallant. And we've been working hard at our leadless program and making the investments in the leadless program so that not only can we come out with a single-chamber product and then be able to upgrade it to a dual-chamber product. 
 I like the program. I like what we've done with it. I think we have a value proposition -- a differentiated value proposition versus the competition. 
 CardioMEMS is another study that we've been funding, and there's probably going to be required some build-out of the commercial infrastructure to be able to support the rollout of that product. If you think about the opportunity we have with CardioMEMS, even at a 10% to 15% penetration on that population, you're looking at a $1 billion opportunity for us. So that is obviously getting a lot of attention. 
 And then I'm very excited to come into the U.S. with the LAA and the TAVR product sometime this year. I think these are great opportunities. I like the product that we have, especially on the LAA side with Amulet. It does very well in Europe. And we'll be funding those programs, too. 
 So it's more than the big 3. There's a lot here. And quite frankly, Bob and I are already going to the businesses and say, "Okay. What was below the line that you didn't show us in the planning process?" and "Can we get going on those, too?" So that's where a lot of the investment goes into R&D. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
David Lewis: Robert, just want to follow back up on investment. And I just -- I'm just sort of thinking about your balance sheet here relative to peers. You're already more than a turn better than all your large-cap peers. And frankly, I can see a scenario by 2024, this is a net cash business and a $200 billion market cap company. So you have kind of unprecedented levels of financial leverage on the balance sheet. 
 In recent weeks, we've actually seen some of your competitors get more aggressive on growth-oriented M&A, and we haven't heard much of that conversation this morning. So what are your thoughts on kind of growth-oriented M&A this year to supplement that pipeline? And should investors be thinking about tuck-in, growth-oriented M&A? Because you certainly have the capacity to do something more transformative. Then I had a quick follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure. On the M&A side, listen, we're always looking. As I've always said, we're always looking. We're always studying. So while we'll not be announcing or doing something, we're still studying, we're still looking. 
 As I said in the previous question, though, David, I mean we've got a lot of organic opportunities to invest in. And I like those organic opportunities. So they obviously do get a lot of our attention right now. 
 But if you think about M&A, yes, it's got to be a good fit strategically, and it's got to align with our growth orientation here. I mean I'm not going to look at something that's going to dilute our top line growth rate, and obviously, is able to generate a return for our shareholders. So there's a lot of activity. There's a lot of, I'd say, high valuations right now so. 
 But to the extent that we do something this year, it would be more like tuck-in in nature to be able to kind of augment some of these portfolios. So that's probably the better way to put it to you. 
David Lewis: Okay. Very helpful. And then what a difference a year makes. We're deep in the call. We haven't talked about Libre yet, but I'm kind of curious on 2 fronts on Libre one. What -- the full commercial rollout of Libre 3 in Europe, when can we think about -- the right quarter to think about sort of stepping on the gas with Libre 3? Is it this quarter? Is it next quarter? 
 And then just more broadly, Robert, I mean, given the investment spending this year on direct-to-consumer and where that platform would go over time, just maybe help us understand what investors may not be appreciating about where that platform can go over a multiyear basis. So when is the push in Europe? And where can that platform go with investment? 
Robert Ford: Sure. Sure. So Libre gets pushed down to like fourth or fifth question. But it's still top of our priorities here because it's such a huge opportunity for us. We had a real strong quarter in Q4. We exited with a lot of momentum going into this year, especially in the U.S. I think global sales were $0.75 billion, up 35%. 
 And I expect the absolute dollar amount to get bigger. And usually when that happens, we think, well, gee, law of big numbers, right, the percentages are going to go down. And I don't think so. I think that we're going to see continuing growth rate expansion on our Libre business here. So I kind of look at Libre as a 2021 growth that should start at 40% and go from there. 
 A lot of focus on the U.S. on the rollout -- on Libre 2 rollout. We're seeing a lot of the trend shifts, whether it's revenue, whether it's new users. I think the superior accuracy messaging here is definitely coming through, and it's got all the other advantages of our value proposition. 
 I think one of the good things about the pharmacy channel is that there's a lot of available data. There's a lot of available third-party audited data. And when I do the reviews with the team, we spend a lot of time looking at them. And it tells me you can't hide behind these -- you can't hide when we're in the pharmacy, like all this data is available. 
 And I think it's done really well in the U.S. Obviously, I want it to do better, but I can't look at it and not be objective that there's obviously been a trend shift here, whether it's NBRxs, TRxs, refill rates, et cetera. One of them that I'm extremely happy to see is the Rx fulfillment rate. So when a consumer goes to the pharmacy with a prescription, swipes the card, do they get that prescription filled, right? And there's factors that drive somebody to not get it filled. It's usually a copay. 
 And what we've seen with the Libre Rx fulfillment rate is that about 9 out of 10 get filled. And you compare that to our competitor at about 6 out of 10, I think the value proposition here is really strong, meaning that we can invest in DTC advertising. We can invest more in this platform. And we're seeing the value proposition come through as it relates to Rx fulfillment rates. 
 So I'd say the focus on U.S. is., now to your question on L3, we're already here. We've been working through, say, the reimbursement contracting process. It probably got delayed a little bit in Q4 in terms of our expectations, given some of the focus of a lot of the international countries focusing on COVID. But we're all ready. Manufacturing is ready. In fact, between Libre 2 and Libre 3, we've got hundreds of millions of sensors here of capacity. And I think that ties a little bit to the expectation that we have for this segment, which is you've got close to 80 million people that could benefit from this target, which is why we took a very different approach in our strategy, a much mass-market approach that develop a product that's consumer-friendly, intuitive, make sure that it can provide measurable benefits and price it for mass adoption. And that's working out very well. 
 So we should see a Libre 3 launch international in Q1. And then in the U.S., we'll issue a release when we get approval. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Congrats on a really nice year. So 2 for me. One, just on kind of how you see the recovery playing out in 2021 and one on the P&L. So Robert, how do you see the year playing out for devices, ex Libre and Diagnostics ex COVID testing in terms of the recovery? Q1 starts to be an easier comp because we started to see the COVID impact last year in the first quarter. And do you see the second half of this year as more normalized? Then I have one follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Yes, sure. So on the device side, as I said in the earlier comments here, Larry, I think we're going to -- we're looking at what we saw in Q3 and correlating those -- that drop in rates. Not an absolute drop, so not trying to mirror the absolute number of hospitalizations, but at least the rate of decline of hospitalizations and tying it into the increase in the procedures. A lot of these procedures are lifesaving. Some of them are electives, some of them are lifesaving. And we're hearing a lot of our accounts in the U.S. and international are really wanting to kind of push stronger and a sense here that with a vaccine, they feel more confident to be able to build it. 
 So I think you'll see probably the biggest comp issue, I'd say, is probably Q2. I mean I think that's when we saw the big drop. Q1 was probably more towards the end of the quarter, the last 2 weeks of March. So I kind of see the more normalization growth rates. So that -- those kind of growth rates that you saw from our device business, excluding diabetes, to look more like that in -- starting in Q3. But we'll have a nice build, I think, to there as the year progresses. 
Larry Biegelsen: And then on the P&L, Bob, you gave some helpful color on some of the below-the-line items. But the testing revenue is it comes at a pretty high margin, I believe. How should we be thinking about gross margin and operating margin in '21 relative to 2020? 
Robert Funck: Yes. Certainly. So our gross margin on our testing business is pretty similar to kind of the base business, maybe a touch higher than that. We saw steady improvement in the fourth quarter on gross margin from the prior quarter. It was up about 100 basis points. And we saw that kind of steady improvement coming out of the second quarter, where we saw the impact of the decline in kind of the Medical Device area. And so third quarter, fourth quarter is getting improvement. And we would expect that to continue, to go steadily up as we see recovery in those base businesses. We see more normalization kind of coming through our manufacturing plants as well as that volume kind of normalizes. 
 In the fourth quarter, you did also see the impact of some of the investments that we're making in that capacity that Robert talked about. And so that was a bit of an offset that you saw kind of come through in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citi. 
JoanneWuensch: I want to focus on 2 things. EPD saw a really nice recovery in the fourth quarter, but not as strong as it's been the last couple of years. How do you think about that recovering over time? And then the second question is a bit of a big picture question. We're talking a lot with investors about sort of a whole new world in how health care is being delivered, and I would think you would be one of the closest to seeing how the pandemic has changed delivery. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So on EPD, yes, we did see a nice recovery. I mean when we looked at how the impact of COVID progressed geographically, we saw it, for some reason, kind of trail a little bit kind of the developed markets, whether it was Europe and the U.S. We really started to feel the impact on our EPD business, which is, as you know, mostly emerging markets, started to see it coming out of Q2 and then big in Q3 as a lot of those countries kind of shut down. And the way the model works is you still need a prescription and you need your physician or you need to go to your hospital to get that prescription. 
 So when we looked at Q4, we're actually not surprised, but it was good to see that it came in a little bit higher than what we had expected because we were trying to model it very similar to what we saw in some of the other businesses. And it came back faster. 
 At the same time, there's -- it's not a nice kind of linear forecast in these markets. And there's -- it does tend to bounce up around. I mean, we had a 9%, 10% growth in Q1. There was some stocking effect there in kind of February and March in some of the markets, so we'll have a comp over there. But what I -- what we look at is we're looking at the IMS demand market progression in all these markets that we're competing in. 
 And we're seeing a nice recovery. So I expect that just to sequentially kind of get better, and I guess similar to the comment on devices, get back to that high single-digit growth rate towards second half. 
 Oh, and then you also had a question on change of care. I mean I think a lot has happened, right? And we've tried to focus on the areas that we feel that we can contribute and benefit. One of them I've talked about is this decentralization of testing and how the pandemic has accelerated that decentralization for us. We believed in it. We believe that we could drive it and create a whole new testing channel when we did the Alere acquisition. And this has kind of brought it forward about -- probably about 2 years in terms of where we are today versus where we thought we're going to be. 
 So that's an important part for us. Being able to have access to fast, affordable and digitally connected testing is something that I think is going to be here and here to stay. Whether it's a COVID test or other tests, I think that is a change a little bit in the delivery, at least on the diagnostic side. 
 And then the other side that I'd say is one that we've been working on for quite some bit is the connectivity of our devices and the intersection of digital and health care and how those devices are being connected. You've seen what we've done across all of our portfolio on devices, and we'll continue to position our products in such a way where we can develop them and take advantage of that. 
 For Neuromodulation, we've just announced here a very interesting platform, which I think is going to have a significant impact on how that business and business model works with a much more connected care platform, where patients get to report their outcomes and eventually get to remote programming, which is a huge change in that business model. 
 So I'd say the COVID testing, accelerating decentralization of testing and connected care are probably the 2 pandemic-driven changes that we're focusing on taking advantage of. 
Operator: And our last question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore. 
Vijay Kumar: I'll try to ask both of mine in one question. I guess, Robert, your PCR plus antigen test, can they detect these new variants, especially the South African variant? Is there a difference one versus the other, PCR versus an antigen? And when you look at the total revenue contribution, my follow-up was the $6.5 billion to $7 billion-ish of COVID revenues in fiscal '21. What would be a reasonable baseline modeling assumptions when I look at fiscal '22? Is that a 50% drop-off, 75% drop-off? I'm curious how you guys are thinking about it. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I guess on the modeling thing, listen, you could say there could be a drop-off, but you could say there could be an increase or it could stay. So I think the modeling piece here is a little bit difficult. I think we're going to have a lot more understanding as we get towards the summer. But I think, at least for the first half, you've got -- we've got sufficient capacity here to kind of explore the demand that exists both in the U.S. and globally. 
 So yes, I'm not sure right now that you can kind of easily kind of just put that model down like that, but it's just too soon. 
 Regarding your question on mutations and the impact there, a lot of the mutations here -- I don't want to get too wonky here. But we've been looking at this, Vijay, since the beginning. We have a group of, we call them the virus hunters. They're constantly looking and studying and getting their hands on samples to be able to kind of, not only test our existing products but even to develop new ones. And I'd say, right now, the mutations are happening. The ones that you've referenced, the South African one and the U.K. one, those are happening on what we would call the spike protein or what we call the S protein. The rapid antigen test that we have are actually targeting the nucleocapsid protein, what we call the N protein. 
 So in silico analysis says no impact. The U.K. NIH kind of did a study on Panbio and found the U.K. variant to not influence the sensitivity of the Panbio, but we're also collecting as many samples as we can from U.K., South Africa, Brazil, et cetera, and making sure that we're constantly studying that to ensure that there's no change to the sensitivity of the test that we've developed. 
 On the molecular side, whether it's ID NOW -- ID NOW looks at a different gene, the RPDP genes. It's completely different thing, and similar thing also with the PCR. So I think those are, right now, from everything we know, wouldn't be impacted by the mutations. We're more focused on the antigen with the mutations on those protein sequences. So I feel good about that right now. But obviously, we're constantly vigilant here. 
 So let me just close here. I'd say we had a real strong 2020, very strong performance, almost 10% top line growth, 13% EPS. We're forecasting 2021 here at least $5. And like I said, I think we've got opportunity to have upside to that. But still already at $5, it's already at a 37% increase. And in that $5, we're also making a lot of investments in R&D to be able to sustain our growth going forward. So we feel confident about maintaining our double digit in 2022. Significant portion of our COVID testing, we believe, is sustainable. We've made investments or have a plan here to lay out investments in our base business that I think will accelerate our growth rate. And in some of the questions here, we've got a strong balance sheet here. So you combine those 3 elements here, I think we've got not only a strong '21 forecast but a pretty good line of sight here in terms of delivering double digits for 2022. So thanks. 
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-20 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.  
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we will take your questions.  
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2020. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Abbott's operations and financial results that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.  
 Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and in Item 1A Risk Factors in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.  
 Please note that financial information provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales refers to organic sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange.  
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported organic sales growth of 10.5% and ongoing earnings per share of $0.98, which reflects high-teens growth versus the prior year. Based on our performance and momentum through the first 9 months, along with our expectations for the remainder of the year, we increased our earnings per share guidance to at least $3.55 for the full year. This speaks to the strength and resilience of our diversified business model as well as our ability to innovate and deliver in this challenging environment.  
 While the pandemic has created many new business dynamics, we've continued to invest in our growth platforms. And our pipeline continues to be highly productive, resulting in several new product launches and approvals this past quarter, including U.S. FDA Emergency Use Authorization for our BinaxNOW rapid antigen test, which can detect COVID-19 infection in just 15 minutes with no instrument required; U.S. launch of FreeStyle Libre 2, which sets a new standard of accuracy and performance in the market; CE Mark of Libre 3, which automatically delivers real-time glucose readings every minute in the world's smallest and thinnest wearable sensor; CE Mark of Libre Sense Glucose Sport Biosensor, our initial step to expand use of the Libre platform beyond diabetes; and finally, CE Mark of MitraClip G4, the latest generation of our market-leading, minimally invasive mitral heart valve repair device.  
 I'll now summarize our third quarter results in more detail before turning the call over to Bob. And I'll start with Nutrition, where sales increased 4% in the quarter. Growth was led by Ensure, our market-leading Adult Nutrition brand, which contains several ingredients to support a healthy immune system. We're seeing strong demand in both U.S. and internationally, which led to global Adult Nutrition growth of 12.5% in the third quarter.  
 In Pediatric Nutrition, sales growth in the U.S. was led by our market-leading Pedialyte rehydration brand, which was driven by market conditions and portfolio expansion. Internationally, growth in Southeast Asia was offset by continued challenging conditions in Greater China.  
 Moving to Established Pharmaceuticals or EPD, where sales declined 3%. During the quarter, we saw challenging market conditions in several countries due to the COVID pandemic. Whereas the virus had its biggest impact in developed countries during the second quarter, we saw it hit emerging markets more significantly this past quarter, which lowered market demand. Encouragingly, as we exited the quarter, we started to see signs of market recovery in several of those countries, and we expect we'll see a continued recovery curve going forward.  
 I'll turn now to Medical Devices, which grew 2.5% in the quarter. We continue to see steady improvements in demand and procedure trends across our portfolio, which resulted in 5 of our 7 businesses within Medical Devices achieving positive sales growth in the quarter, including Electrophysiology, Heart Failure, Structural Heart, Neuromodulation and Diabetes Care.  
 Growth in the quarter was led by Diabetes Care, where sales grew 25%, including more than 35% growth of FreeStyle Libre, our market-leading continuous glucose monitoring system. As I mentioned earlier, during the third quarter, we launched Libre 2 in the U.S., which sets a new standard in the market with best-in-class accuracy and alarm performance as well as 40% longer wear time compared to competitors. Although still early in the launch, customer feedback has been overwhelmingly positive.  
 We also obtained CE Mark to Libre 3, which integrates Libre's leading accuracy and performance into the world's smallest, thinnest disposable sensor, the size of just 2 stacked pennies at the same affordable price as currently available versions of Libre.  
 And in Europe, we also launched Libre Sense Glucose Sport, which is our initial step in a very intentional approach to pursue mass-market biosensor opportunities beyond diabetes. Libre Sense allows athletes to monitor their glucose levels in order to learn how and when to best fuel with food and supplements to avoid fatigue and achieve peak performance.  
 I'll wrap up with our Diagnostics business, where sales grew nearly 40% in the quarter. As I mentioned during our last earnings call, our teams have worked tirelessly since the beginning of the pandemic to bring to market multiple COVID-19 tests across our diagnostic testing platforms. During the third quarter, we launched a new rapid antigen test called BinaxNOW, which is a disposable test about the size of the credit card that can determine if someone is infected with the virus within 15 minutes without the use of an instrument.
 Given the mass-market need for testing, we knew that developing and launching this test was only half the equation, which is why we simultaneously built 2 new manufacturing facilities in the U.S. to help meet the public health need of testing as many people as possible, as often as possible, to help reduce the risk in the environment and slow the spread of the virus. 
 To date, we've sold more than 100 million COVID tests across our diagnostic platforms. And we continue to pursue opportunities to further increase our manufacturing capacity to help meet the significant demand for testing around the world.  
 So in summary, despite the challenging environment, we achieved double-digit organic sales growth and high teens EPS growth in the quarter. Our pipeline continues to be highly productive, resulting in several important new product launches and approvals during the quarter. We continue to lead in the area of diagnostic testing for COVID-19, which has added a significant new layer of growth for our business and accelerated our distributed testing strategy. And we've increased our full year EPS guidance, which highlights the strength and resilience of our diversified business model.  
 I'll now turn over the call to Bob. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis.  
 Turning to our results. Sales for the third quarter increased 10.6%, which was led by strong performance in Nutrition and Diabetes Care, sequential growth improvements in Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation devices, along with global COVID-testing-related sales of approximately $880 million in the quarter.  
 Foreign exchange had an unfavorable impact of 1% on sales, which was somewhat favorable compared to expectations had exchange rates held steady since the time of our earnings call in July. Reported sales increased 9.6% in the quarter. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 57.4% of sales, R&D investment was 6.3% of sales and SG&A expense was 26.7% of sales.  
 Now turning to our outlook for the full year. As Robert mentioned, we're increasing our guidance for full year adjusted earnings per share to at least $3.55, which includes our expectation for strong double-digit sales and earnings growth in the fourth quarter. Based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have a negative impact of approximately 1.5% on our reported sales. We forecast full year net interest expense of around $500 million and continue to forecast a full year adjusted tax rate of 15.6%.  
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
David Lewis: Just a couple of related questions. Robert, I wanted to maybe think about next year a little bit given we're closing out this year. And obviously, investors are in the process of trying to figure out '21 estimates for a whole bunch of companies and whether they're achievable. In your case, at least for us, they clearly look beatable. But I wonder if on a high level you could share with us how you're thinking about growth, earnings and, frankly, the opportunities for reinvestment for Abbott in '21? And then I have a quick follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I think it's -- we had a very strong quarter, which gave us confidence here to be able to raise the bottom end of our forecast this year. And obviously, that momentum -- that strong momentum is going to -- will carry into 2021.  
 It's a little premature here, David, to kind of start talking specific about guidance. But I'd give some general comments here. I mean I expect a lot of companies will forecast double-digit growth rates going into next year. So as you think about -- a lot of you looking at 2021. But I think most of that is because they're -- a lot of them are going to be coming out of a hole, right? They're going to have a certain amount of easy comps, especially if you look at like Q2 and Q3 this year. So they're essentially kind of making up for a lost year and getting back to 2019.  
 We're in a very, very different position than that. We're forecasting double-digit earnings growth this year. So when we look at the trajectory that we have going into 2021, which is a trajectory of strong double-digit top and bottom line growth rates, I think that's pretty differentiated and pretty unique here because we're not coming out of that hole. 
 Clearly, COVID testing is going to be a driver. It's going to be a big boost for us, and I don't expect that testing to go away. But another key component of it is our core businesses continue to improve. They're trending in the right direction. And I think a key aspect of that trending in the right direction is our pipeline. Our pipeline has been highly productive. We've got over 100 new products in pipeline across all of our 4 businesses that we have planned to launch over the next couple of years.  
 So are there opportunities to accelerate what is already going to be double-digit top and bottom line growth rates? Yes, there'll be opportunities to be able to invest in this pipeline and accelerate the growth there. So I think we're very well positioned to go from what is a very strong year for us in 2020 to an even stronger year in 2021. 
David Lewis: Okay. And just maybe following up on COVID testing here. I mean, obviously, your testing revenues are going to be up very sharply in the fourth quarter on the strength of Binax. It sounds like, just thinking about the earnings, could we be thinking about a COVID testing number this year that's certainly in excess of kind of $2.7 billion? Just want to get your commentary on that.  
 And as you think about next year and you think about new test capacity, Panbio, how should be thinking or how are you thinking about sort of duration of testing relative to kind of a $2.7 billion base year in 2020? 
Robert Ford: Sure. So we had just under $900 million of COVID testing this quarter. I think it was just under $100 million favorable to some of the forecast there. A lot of that was driven by our manufacturing ramp-up, our scale-up and the new products we launched. So we actually exited the quarter at a higher run rate than that. That run rate into Q4 would be around $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion of sales at that run rate.  
 But if I talk about COVID sustainability, I know this is a key topic here. I'd say when we talked about testing back in July earnings, I talked about the testing demand over 4 different phases: the pandemic phase, a recovery phase, a vaccine phase and a post-vaccine phase. And I shared that my view here was that a lot of the volume was still going to be in this kind of pandemic recovery phase. That even with the vaccine, you'd still get kind of more of a steady state. 
 But a lot of the volume was going to be coming during this pandemic and recovery phase. I still think we're in this phase right now, David, depending on what country you are or state, you're in a pandemic, you're in a recovery. And I expect that to last definitely all next year.  
 With the vaccine, you might see a trend of a little bit of a decrease on the PCR testing, I think, just -- and then maybe an increase in antibody testing. But I think the rapid testing is not going to go away like that. I think it's going to be around for a while just because it's easier to do, it's an easier sample, it's a faster result. So I think there's a lot of complexity here in trying to forecast whether COVID will ramp down and -- COVID testing will ramp down and when will it reach a steady state.  
 So I've read some reports, it's 2 years, it's 3 years. I actually think if you're thinking long term -- strategically long term, that might not be the right question because I think it misses the point on what Abbott is actually doing right now. Yes, we've developed a lot of COVID tests. We've invested in manufacturing and selling them at affordable prices. That obviously helps the economy. It helps contain the virus. 
 But what we're actually doing here, if you take a step back on a bigger picture, is we're actually executing on the vision that we had when we bought Alere, where we wanted to build a premier point-of-care business so that we could decentralize test, so that we could democratize test and so that we could digitize test. And if you look at what we've done with BinaxNOW, ID NOW, Panbio, I think those are perfect embodiments of that execution. 
 So the COVID assay itself, when will it ramp down, 2 years, 3 years, okay, it will eventually ramp down to more of like a flu state kind of business. But the installed base that we built during this period, the consumer behavior that's been created, the new channels that we've opened up with rapid testing, whether it's airports, retail stores, more physicians' offices, the app ecosystem that we're building, all that is going to remain. And it will remain for all the other assays that we currently have and that we'll be rolling out.  
 So I think that as we look at 2021 into 2022, it's going to be COVID testing, but it's more importantly to look, at least the way we're looking at it, is the execution of that Alere strategy, which is to build a whole new testing platform outside of the walls of a lab and a hospital. And the COVID has actually given us an opportunity to accelerate that strategy. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore. 
Vijay Kumar: Congrats on a solid [ performance ] here. So Robert, maybe back on the fiscal '21 question. I guess maybe if I approach it slightly differently. Street numbers are EPS at $4.25. Based on the updated guidance for '20 of $3.55, that's still close to a 20% earnings growth. And I think implicit in those assumptions would be med tech procedures normalize. And obviously, that has a drop-down on margins. 
 So I'm just curious, how should we be thinking about device procedures into Q4. Because like you said, the comp is an easy for you guys, right? I mean you guys -- you will be doing high singles organic in fiscal '20 versus declines or flattish for other -- some of your peers. So maybe if you could just unpack that a little bit and put that in context will be helpful. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So yes. I mean, as I said, looking into 2021, the trajectory -- the growth trajectory is those high strong double-digit top and bottom line, Vijay. And again, I think that's going to be predicated on 2 factors, just like we spoke about it in July in the earnings call, it's going to be the continued recovery of our base business and then, obviously, our ability to ramp up COVID and COVID testing. 
 If you look at the businesses that were most hit by COVID, devices and core lab, so laboratory testing outside -- out of COVID, those have shown a really, really nice recovery starting in June, into July and then into the third quarter. September was actually our highest month of absolute sales in the quarter for both Medical Devices, especially in the cardiovascular area, across all areas. 
 We saw a little bit of a July kind of pent-up growth as the lockdown started to get reduced a little bit. We saw that growth rate in July. A lot of that was some pent-up demand. So if you look at the third quarter, I'd like to look at it -- the trajectory from August to September. And when you look at that in our cardiovascular devices, those growth rates in September were much better than the growth rates in August. And the growth rates in September were better than the third quarter overall. And then that's true for both U.S. and internationally for both devices -- for devices. 
 In Core Lab, we actually saw a nice growth in the month of September in the U.S., in Europe and in China also. So I like the rate of recovery that we're seeing in our base business. 
 If you look at Electrophysiology, that was an interesting one, where when you look at the sales, we were hurt a little bit by the capital cycle, which is why we're only at about 2% or 3%. But if you look at the consumable part of our business, so -- which probably reflect better the return of procedures. So looking at mapping catheters and therapeutic catheters, we saw a high single-digit growth rate there. 
 So our plan here is to continue to see that recovery. And it's not just about recovery of COVID and easing, it's also the pipeline. And we've got a very rich pipeline in our Cardiovascular area, too. And in our Core Lab business, the continued rollout of Alinity, improving our menu, expanding our menu, that's all helping us become more competitive in this recovery process. 
Vijay Kumar: That's a helpful commentary, Robert. And maybe one big-picture question on balance sheet. You guys are really in an enviable position here. Considering that we're in a 0 interest rate environment, maybe thoughts on optimal balance sheet structure here. And what opportunities do you see, if perhaps, on the inorganic side? 
Robert Ford: Yes. Listen, our financial strong here is very healthy. We're generating nice cash and we're allocating to our needs. We don't see any changes, Vijay, to our allocation strategy. We focus on paying a strong and growing dividend. It's part of our identity. It's different from a lot of med tech peers that don't have that dividend. So we're going to continue to support that growth of the dividend. 
 We haven't done a lot of share repurchasing, mostly to offset our dilution. A lot of our investment here has been to drive organic growth. So taking our balance sheet and applying that cash to invest in areas where we see opportunities for growth, that's where we've been focused on. And I think that's the best return we've got right now for our shareholders. 
 If you look at what we've done with COVID and the investments we've made there, the speed at which we've been able to make those investments and execute it is because of that strategic flexibility that we have in the balance sheet. Talked about manufacturing expansions with Libre, which we're definitely going to need as we expand the portfolio and build the portfolio and other parts of our Medical Devices, too. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Congrats on a good quarter. Robert, maybe we -- if we could spend a minute on diabetes here. You've had a lot of approvals over the past few months with Libre 3 in Europe, Libre 2 for a while now in the U.S. and then also the Libre Sense starting to move into the consumer area outside of diabetes. I was hoping you could talk about your expectations just for Libre growth, both U.S. and outside the U.S. Maybe when we could see a Libre 3 in the U.S., which would really help close the gap versus DexCom, and your thoughts on the non-diabetes component. 
Robert Ford: Sure, Robbie. Listen, I think Libre continues to perform really well. And as you saw, our pipeline continues to be highly productive. We had a good growth rate this quarter, over 35%. I thought it was a real nice sequential improvement versus Q2. And I think in Q2 our sales were just under $600 million, and Q3 sales were just under $700 million. So I think we had a nice sequential Q2 to Q3 kind of growth rate. 
 We continue to focus on our strategy of kind of mass-market opportunity, mass-market potential and not see this as a niche play. We now have over -- more than 2.5 million users. That's significantly more than our next competitor. 
 Regarding Libre 2 in the U.S. We were able to get the product on shelf -- in the retail shelf in mid-August. So we had about a partial quarter over here. But the customer response has been really positive. We've heard -- just you talking about closing the gap here with Libre 3. 
 Listen, Libre 2, in my view, has already done that, and that's what we're hearing from our customers here. It's by far the smallest, easiest sensor to use, got the best accuracy, low range, high range, mid-range, adults, children. The readings every minute, which is unique to Libre, allows us to get a better alarm performance. And we can continue to mass produce it and sell it at a fraction of the price so that you're not really overburdening the health care system. So I think that's worked very well. 
 Libre sales in the U.S., they actually grew 20% sequentially Q3 versus Q2 and about 45% year-over-year, and that's with just about 40 days' worth of sales of Libre 2 in the quarter. So I've seen positive momentum in some of the prescriptions. We -- because our strategy is focused more in the retail environment, we get to see that prescription data every week. So we're seeing nice trend from high prescribers. 
 We're also seeing a nice pickup here for the pediatric endocrinologists segment. So we see a nice pickup in prescriptions over there, too. So I think it's obviously fairly early in the launch, but I think we're off to a great start. And I like what I've seen in the first 45 days. 
 Regarding Libre 3. Listen, we always said that Libre was going to be a platform, and we're going to be building on this platform. And are we funding R&D programs to continue to innovate? Yes, we are. We'll have a Libre 4. We'll have a Libre 5. But we get so -- I think we get so caught up on every version over here, we might miss the bigger picture. And the bigger picture here is that to be able to sustain an ability to penetrate the mass market, you do need to have a variety of different platforms and continuously innovate. 
 About bringing -- about timing of Libre 3 in the U.S. here, Robbie, I'm not going to provide details to you on that timing here. Obviously, the U.S. team is having a good time launching Libre 2 right now. What I would say is it's a very different segment than the cardiovascular device segment as it relates to clinical trials in the sense that we haven't seen the impact of kind of coronavirus slow down our trials here for -- within this space. So listen, you'll hear about Libre 3 approval when we get it and we issue a press release, just like we did with Libre 3 in Europe. 
 On Libre Sense, listen, we've always talked about we could expand beyond diabetes, and this is our first step over here. The goal with this product specifically is to help kind of athletes achieve kind of better performance by using data, so they can kind of better fuel themselves to avoid fatigue. 
 It's a different business model, Robbie. It will be a different business model, different channels. There'll probably be a different usage pattern and frequency in this segment. But obviously, if you look at the athletic training and sports population, it's a significantly large population here. 
 So we've actually built a team that's separated from the diabetes group that's just focused on developing this opportunity. We've done an initial collaboration here, which I think is going to provide us a great visibility on how this kind of very large mass segment needs to be addressed and the different strategies we'll be able to kind of deploy. 
Robert Marcus: Great. That was really helpful. And maybe just a quick follow-up. Robert, you talked about how the testing business in Diagnostics is more than just COVID. It's the whole platform. Alinity is just getting going now in the U.S. How should we think about Abbott share gains over the past few months? You've obviously made huge strides in COVID testing. It's a leading platform. Has that driven share shifts over to Alinity and some of your other platforms during this time that sets you up better going forward? 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean I think we already had a real strong momentum before COVID with the rollout of the Alinity system. We're having great share gains, both in immunoassay and then the clinic chem business also. 
 So that -- obviously, with COVID in Q2, a lot of the hospitals and the labs weren't focused so much on migrating of systems. But before that, we were renewing our existing contracts in the 90% range. And new tenders that were coming up for bid, we were in that kind of 45% to 50% kind of win rate. So you put that together and you look at our sales growth, we were definitely taking share. 
 That -- the placements of instruments took a little bit of a pause in Q2. And as I said in the opening comments, we started to see a little bit of a pickup in September in terms of positive growth for all these geographies. And that's coupled with, again, a new cycle here of reopening of the tenders. 
 I think that it's also allowed us, Robbie, with our position in COVID testing to be viewed as a more holistic partner to a large -- to large systems, whether they're in the U.S. or internationally, and that's ultimately helped us. I think one of the things that's definitely helped us in our Diagnostic business has been our molecular platform with the Alinity m launch. That's obviously had kind of a little bit of catapult effect with that launch. And -- but in that platform, we have more than just COVID testing. So yes, I think it's a good opportunity for us overall for Diagnostics. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: A couple of product questions and then one big-picture question, Robert. Just on EPD, just the outlook there. It sounds like you started to see some recovery. And in Adult Nutrition, the strength there, can you talk about why you're seeing that strength and how sustainable that is? And I have one follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure, Larry. Yes, EPD, we definitely saw some more challenging market conditions in this quarter than what we had in Q1 and in Q2. If you look at how COVID kind of progressed a little bit, it hit the developed markets, I think, harder in Q2. And then the emerging markets, it hit us more in Q3, especially markets like India, Russia, some markets in Latin America also. 
 But it -- when -- we look at a lot of the data, and we started to see a similar trend in September than what we saw in June in the developed markets, right? So you had that kind of drop, and then it starts to kind of recover. So I kind of look at the EPD as following the same trend that we saw in devices and core lab in Q2 but just a quarter later. So I think we'll see some of the recovery there. 
 It's a good business. A lot of the portfolio is still very resilient. 50% of our portfolio is tied to chronic diseases. So that's the piece that, I think, kind of got impacted. The acute part of the portfolio has actually done pretty well. So we expect to see that recovery curve continue into Q4. 
 On the Nutrition side, and your question was on adult, right? It was very strong growth in adult. And one of the things that the team did really well starting in Q2 is they started to look at our messaging regarding the immunity benefits of our Adult Nutrition. And they came out with a strong campaign, a strong messaging on the benefits on the immunity side, and that helped fuel the demand there. 
 I think we saw probably at the end of Q1, there was a little bit of pantry loading, Larry. We saw that in the U.S., saw a little bit of that internationally, too. But what we did -- what we were able to do with that is we actually picked up new users and we picked up market share. 
 So the combination of new users and market share and then the immunity messaging resonating with consumers and physicians has really kind of strengthened that portfolio. And I think it definitely sticks out a little bit in terms of our growth rate. But a lot of that, what we're seeing, is share gain and market expansion based on the data that we're seeing. 
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And then just one big-picture question. It sounds like COVID testing should continue to be strong next year. But if you have a -- get at some point where COVID testing declines because we have a safe and effective vaccine, how are you thinking about reinvestment and managing, potentially smoothing out earnings? Is there any thoughts kind of if we did see a decline in COVID testing, at some point, how you would manage that? 
Robert Ford: Yes. I don't think we're going to see that kind of decline in COVID testing. I think even with a vaccine, you're going to see kind of more of a steady state. And we've talked about that, and we planned for that. 
 The other part of your question regarding kind of reinvesting in the business. Well, we're going to be able to do that next year and still deliver a pretty differentiated, unique kind of earnings growth and earnings power. 
 As I said, we've got over 100 new products in our pipeline that we're going to invest in. We can either accelerate their development and their coming to market. We've got opportunities to expand market development. The opportunities that we have in MitraClip to be able to invest in that, strengthening of that market, strengthening our competitiveness. 
 So I think we've got a great opportunity here with COVID testing to deliver differentiated earnings power and growth, while at the same time investing in this pipeline that Abbott has built over these years to sustain that growth rate. 
 I'll just go back to the notion here that the COVID assay might go down to steady state. But if you think about the installed base that we're building because of COVID, especially on the rapid side, I think that's going to be a strong growth driver for us going forward. 
 I mean I'll give an example of that. When we started the year in the U.S., we had over 20,000 ID NOWs placed in the in the U.S., in the U.S. alone. In 4 months, we've already doubled that placement rate by more physician offices, retail channels and a variety of universities and different channels. 
 So what we're building here with the COVID test is an installed base that will then be able to run different kind of assays and different tests. And if it's -- if they're digital, if they're affordable, then the consumer behavior that's now today in COVID test and we believe is going to be there for all the other assays that we're building on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. 
Robert Hopkins: Congrats on all the good results this quarter. I just had 2 quick follow-ups. First, just on COVID testing. Does that $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion run rate that you highlighted include contribution from the OUS antigen test? Or is that more upside to come as that fully launches in the fourth quarter? 
Robert Ford: It's got some of it in there, Bob. Obviously, when you're doing this kind of ramp up the way we're doing it across continents, very different platforms there, we want to make sure that we can deliver. So in that number, you've got some of that international antigen there. But obviously, we're working that -- we could probably do a little bit better than that in that international antigen also. So... 
Robert Hopkins: Okay. And then just one follow-up on the device side ex diabetes. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about vascular in Q3 as that was down, I think, 10%, which is a little worse than some of the other businesses. And then more importantly, Robert, I'd love to get your view, just like based on everything you're seeing right now, what are your directional thoughts on the outlook for 2021 for Medical Devices ex diabetes? Is there -- should we be thinking about that as potentially close to normal in terms of the business? Or just how much uncertainty do you think there is as we think about devices for next year based on what you're seeing now? 
Robert Ford: Sure. On the outlook there of devices, I would say -- listen, I think that we had a really big impact in Q2 across the world, U.S. and internationally. Because I think a lot of -- this was a new thing -- this was a new virus and the shutdown was pretty dramatic, was pretty significant. 
 As I think about our device portfolio, there are still cardiovascular needs. People still need to get a pacemaker. There's still a need for mitral repair. There's still a need for ablation for AFib. I mean those are all conditions that the reason we're in them is because there were medically scientific needs for us to be in them. 
 So I see the market is still an opportunity for growth. And I think that the hospitals and hospital systems have learned now how to deal with that and how to deal with that pandemic. You've seen certain systems kind of focus on treating COVID and keeping other hospitals more focused for electives. So I think that's -- I believe the device portfolio that we've built is relevant, is important. And even in a COVID kind of world, those are medically necessary procedures. And we're working with hospitals to assist them in opening. 
 And we'll see it continue to grow. We've seen a nice progression from Q2 to Q3. I expect that progression to continue into Q4. Yes, there could be some lumpiness here and there. But I think the progression is going to be positive. And my expectation is that we'll see kind of devices get back to that growth rate that we previously had in those high single digits next year. 
Robert Hopkins: And then on vascular? Sorry. 
Robert Ford: Oh, on the vascular question. Yes, we had -- it's interesting. If you look at the device portfolios that were a little bit -- didn't recover as fast, it really was vascular and CRM. I think some of those are affected by some of the pricing dynamics that still exist in that channel. Vascular, you've got an average price erosion there of 5% to 6%. So once you exclude that, it would probably be a little bit better. 
 But there's a little bit of a slower kind of recovery. We did see vascular is right now at about 95% of their kind of pre-COVID levels. So there's been a rebound, but I think there's been a little bit of a price impact there also. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. 
JoanneWuensch: Actually, there are 2 of them, and I'll put them up front. Can you give us an update on your Structural Heart platform and what we might be looking forward to in the next 12 to 18 months? And then my second question is, it sounds as if you are more leaning towards reinvesting some of the COVID-19 revenue versus sort of tuck-in M&A. Can you just give us an idea of how we should think about how much of the upside actually flows through to EPS versus how much of it gets invested? 
Robert Ford: Sure. I think on your Structural Heart question here, I think we've got a leading kind of portfolio of products here. We've launched a couple of novel products this year. TriClip for the tricuspid valve repair. And then Tendyne, which is the first product for mitral valve replacement. Those have actually gone very well. Especially when you're going to launch novel products like this, you want to kind of build evidence. You want to kind of build your way into it. 
 So everything that we had planned for those 2 product launches really didn't get much impacted by COVID because we didn't have kind of significant sales attached to them, more about kind of developing the clinical evidence. So that's gone very well. 
 If you -- your question in the next kind of 12 to 18 months, I think we've got a really rich pipeline here. Obviously, the biggest opportunity we have is to expand the mitral valve repair with the NCD for the secondary MR indication. That will be a big driver for us. We've seen already patient referral networks starting to be built around waiting for that indication -- that reimbursement approval. 
 But we've got several of the products in the pipeline. I think Amulet, our left atrial appendage device, is going to be a great opportunity. It does very well from a share perspective internationally. The larger part of the market is here in the U.S. So we're looking forward to enter that market here in the U.S. We've got a next-gen TAVR device called Navitor that we've been working on. This will be our third iteration. We've launched our FlexNav product in Europe this year with an improved delivery catheter and gotten good feedback from implanters over there. 
 And then I think that TriClip and Tendyne are multibillion-dollar opportunities here for us that are, as I described, very, very early in the innings. So I'm very excited about that Structural Heart portfolio in the next 12, 18 months. It's probably one of our richest portfolios in our device portfolio. 
Scott Leinenweber: There was a second question, Joanne. I -- we didn't grab it here. Can you repeat the question? 
JoanneWuensch: Of course. The second question was there's -- you're one of the few companies in med tech land that's going to have the benefit from COVID-19 diagnostic testing and the revenue associated with it. I'm trying to think about how, as we look forward, that revenue either is reinvested or flows through, or maybe you'll redirect it towards targeted M&A? 
Robert Ford: Yes. So again, we're trying to triangulate here as much as we can, but we're not going to put out a specific number. What I can reemphasize here is that COVID is definitely going to be a big boost for us, continue to be a big driver for us into 2021. 
 We're in a unique position. We're not coming out of a hole. We're going to be delivering what I would say very high strong double-digit top and bottom line. And in doing that and in delivering those very high double-digit top and bottom line after double-digit earnings this year, we're still going to have plenty of opportunity to put investment into R&D and into sales and marketing to continue to drive not only the pipeline but all the opportunities that we've had that we've talked a little bit about here. Whether it's Libre, whether it's Structural Heart, whether it's in Nutrition, we've got plenty of opportunities. 
 So I guess the -- I'll leave you there, Joanne, with we've got tremendous momentum, strong 2020. We're going to have a stronger 2021. And we realize that we've got a unique opportunity here with over 100 products in our pipeline to be able to kind of fund and drive on top of our double-digit earnings and top line growth next year. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: Robert, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the Medical Device franchise. And following up on Bob's question just on the outlook, but just thinking about how you're setting internal targets for your med device sales team or just internally how you're going to judge success. I think there's -- I'm confused about how we should be thinking about it, our team independently for the whole sector. 
 But I mean are you thinking about sequential improvement as we get into Q4, Q1, Q2 next year as kind of a solid target to think about kind of a performance level? Are those the type of targets you're setting for your sales force? Or are you looking back at 2019 over the next 3 quarters and think about that being the base in terms of how you're incentivizing your sales force? 
Robert Ford: Yes. We're looking for steady improvement quarter-over-quarter, and that's how we've kind of set our targets. I mean I think the ultimate measure here of success and of winning is market share and market share gains for those products where we're competing more head-to-head. And then for other products where we're unique in the space, whether it's mitral or tricuspid, et cetera, then we're looking at market development and market expansion. 
 But to your question here, it's all about kind of steady sequential quarter-over-quarter improvement. Do I think we're going to be at 10% Med Device growth by the end of this quarter? No, I don't. But do I think Q4 is going to be better than Q3? Yes, I do. 
Joshua Jennings: That's helpful. And then just wanted to ask on COVID testing, just focusing on the serology segment. Can you give us the state of the affairs for the demand level for COVID-19 antibody testing in the U.S., internationally currently and then how you see that demand evolving? I think you've said maybe in the last earnings call that vaccine -- success with the vaccine programs could drive some incremental demand on the serology side. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Yes. I mean when it first happened, we were fast to take advantage of the installed base that we had with our Alinity and our architect systems here to develop a blood antibody test. And we also developed lateral flow rapid antibody test. 
 And I would say we haven't seen the kind of demand that we thought we would see when we were putting those programs together. So in our numbers here, I think we've kind of excluded them. But do I think that there's an opportunity for antibody testing as the vaccine gets rolled out? Yes, I do. And I see the opportunity for lab-based and for rapid lateral flow testing also. 
 We've seen some governments already mandate on every blood draw for other tests to check for antibodies. I think that's just going to get more intense when the vaccines get rolled out. So I think there's -- there'll be an opportunity there. And Abbott will be in a unique position there to be able to capitalize on that. 
 So I'll just kind of wrap up here. We've had a nice growth step-up during the third quarter. We achieved double-digit top and bottom line growth. The businesses, we spent some time talking about the businesses that were hardest hit by COVID. We can see that they're all trending in the right direction and showing sequential steady improvement. 
 Our pipeline continues to be highly productive. We've got a lot of ongoing launch activity across all the businesses in the markets here. And we've expanded our COVID testing platforms, adding more testing platforms, adding more capacity. I don't think that COVID testing is going to go away anytime soon. And I think it's big, and I think that Abbott's in a unique position with not only the platforms that we've developed but the manufacturing and supply chain that we've assembled. 
 We've increased our full year guidance, which now reflects double-digit EPS growth. And I think that's pretty unique and differentiated in this environment, and I think it's a testament to our ability to execute and deliver across our diversified portfolio. And I think we're well positioned to go from what is a very good, strong year for us to an even better one in 2021. And again, I think we're pretty uniquely insulated here against kind of any kind of COVID reemergence scenarios. 
 So with that, I thank you. 
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-15 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission.
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions.
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2020. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Abbott's operations and financial results that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.
 Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and in 1A Risk Factors in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.
 Please note that financial information provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I hope you and your families are staying healthy and safe during these challenging times.
 Today, we reported ongoing earnings per share of $0.57, which is significantly above analysts' expectations. Based on our performance and momentum for the first 6 months, along with our expectations for the remainder of the year, we now forecast adjusted earnings per share of at least $3.25 for the full year 2020.
 As I stated on our last earnings call, we anticipated this past quarter would be our most challenging of the year. At the start of the quarter, many areas of the world were under shelter-in-place restrictions, which led to the postponement of elective medical procedures and sharp declines in routine diagnostic testing.
 Encouragingly, as we progressed through the quarter, we saw steady improvements in both testing and procedure volumes across our hospital-based businesses. At the same time, our more consumer-facing businesses, which include diabetes care, nutrition and established pharmaceuticals, continued to be resilient in this environment, collectively growing more than 9% in the first half of the year.
 Throughout this time, our supply chain has remained resilient. Our financial health has remained strong, and we've continued to advance our pipeline and strengthen our long-term growth platforms with several recent regulatory approvals, including U.S. approval of Libre 2 as an ICGM, which sets a new standard for accuracy and performance and includes a new pediatric use indication; CE Mark approval of TriClip, the world's first minimally invasive device for repairing a leaky tricuspid heart valve. This is a new market opportunity for our structural heart business that has the potential to be a significant area of growth over the next several years. And U.S. approval of Gallant, our next-generation heart rhythm devices that feature Bluetooth connectivity for continuous remote monitoring, which is a capability we've been integrating across our device portfolio over the past several years, including FreeStyle Libre, our continuous glucose monitor; Confirm, our implantable cardiac monitoring device; CardioMEMS, our leading heart failure monitoring system; and several other cardiovascular and neuromodulation devices across our portfolio.
 These connected care capabilities allow for better ongoing engagement between patients and their health care providers. And this benefit has never been more evident than in today's pandemic, where virtual care has become necessary to safeguard against exposure between physicians and patients, while continuing to manage and implement medical interventions when they're needed.  
 I'll now summarize our second quarter results in more detail before turning over the call to Bob. And I'll start with Nutrition where sales increased 3% in the quarter. Strong U.S. and international growth of Ensure, our market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, led to global adult nutrition growth of around 7.5%. In pediatric nutrition, sales were led by global growth of PediaSure and Pedialyte, our market-leading oral rehydration brand, which was offset by challenging conditions in Greater China.
 Moving to Established Pharmaceuticals or EPD, sales were relatively flat, following strong growth in the first quarter when we saw increased demand in late March during the early phase of the pandemic. Over the last couple of months, we've seen the virus spread and impact market demand in certain emerging countries such as Russia, Brazil and Colombia. Through the first half of the year, EPD achieved mid-single-digit sales growth, and we anticipate a similar growth profile for the second half of the year.
 Turning now to Medical Devices. As I mentioned earlier, over the course of the second quarter, we saw steady improvements in procedure volumes across our cardiovascular and neuromodulation portfolio. For example, at the end of June, our procedure volumes had rebounded to approximately 90% of pre-COVID levels on average in the U.S., which represents a significant recovery compared to procedure activity at the beginning of the second quarter.
 In Diabetes Care, sales grew nearly 30% in the quarter led by FreeStyle Libre growth of 40%. As I mentioned earlier, we obtained U.S. FDA approval for Libre 2 during the quarter. Now approved for both kids and adults, Libre 2 sets a new standard for accuracy, including when glucose levels are in the lowest range, which is critically important in order to avoid going into hypoglycemia. This leading accuracy profile results in superior alarm performance with fewer false alarms than other systems, which can be frustrating, but more importantly, significantly fewer missed alarms, which can be critical to avoiding dangerous glucose levels.
 Libre 2 maintains all the market-leading features that Libre brand is known for. It's smaller, easier to use and longer-lasting than other glucose monitors, and its value proposition is unparalleled with a cost profile that is not a burden to health care systems. We'll launch FreeStyle Libre 2 in the next few weeks at the same price as the current available FreeStyle Libre 14-day system, continuing our commitment to make Libre affordable and accessible to as many people as possible.
 I'll wrap up with our Diagnostic business, where sales grew 7% in the quarter. Similar to what we saw in medical device procedures, testing volumes in our underlying diagnostic business, which excludes COVID-19 tests, rebounded to approximately 90% of pre-COVID levels by the end of the second quarter. Over the first half of the year, we've developed and launched several COVID-19 tests across our testing platform for both laboratory and rapid point-of-care settings. To date, we've sold about 40 million tests across all our platforms in countries around the globe.
 As we think about the continuum of diagnostic testing for COVID-19 going forward, we see the environment unfolding across a few phases. To date, we've largely experienced the pandemic phase where testing has been prioritized for essential professionals such as health care workers as well as symptomatic patients. Molecular testing, which detects if someone currently has the virus, has been in high demand during this period.
 With the phased easing of shelter-in-place restrictions, we're entering a new phase where continued testing of symptomatic patients will start to overlap with broader surveillance testing of asymptomatic patients in order to better track, understand and contain the spread of the virus until we have broad vaccine availability. So in addition to molecular testing during this period, we would anticipate increased demand for other types of tests, including both antigen and antibody. As vaccines become available, we would anticipate continued surveillance testing to monitor and assess for both natural and vaccine-related immune response, which would be followed by a steady state of ongoing monitoring and tracking of vaccine protection.
 So looking across the spectrum, it's clear that the need for testing is large and it isn't going away. I'm incredibly proud of the work of our scientists as well of our manufacturing, supply chain and business teams are doing to lead in this area as we fight this pandemic.
 So in summary, while as we had expected this quarter was a challenging one from a growth perspective, we significantly exceeded expectations and more importantly, exited the quarter in a much stronger position than we entered it. We continued to advance our pipeline and achieved several important new product approvals during the quarter. And we've continued to lead in the area of diagnostic testing for COVID-19, which is significant and expected to carry forward beyond this year.
 I'll now turn the call over to Bob. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis.
 Turning to our results. Sales for the second quarter declined 5.4%. Our adjusted gross margin ratio was 56% of sales. R&D investment was 7.3% of sales. And adjusted SG&A expense was 30.7% of sales.
 Exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 2.8% on second quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar weaken versus several major currencies, which resulted in a favorable impact on sales compared to expectations had exchange rates held steady since the time of our earnings call in April. Based on current rates, we would now expect exchange to have a negative impact of approximately 2% on our full year sales.
 Our second quarter adjusted tax rate of 17.7% reflects the aggregate adjustment to align our tax rate for the first half of 2020 with our revised full year effective tax rate forecast of 15.6%. This is higher than the estimated range we provided in January due to a shift in our geographic and business income mix caused by COVID-19.
 Before we open the call for questions, I'd like to briefly discuss a couple of items related to our capital allocation strategy. We ended the second quarter with approximately $5 billion of cash and short-term investments, which represents an increase of more than $1 billion compared to the end of the first quarter. The increase includes the impact of a bond offering we executed in June. We intend to use the proceeds from that offering to pay off debt that matures in September. Following that, we have no other debt payments due until mid-2022, which only further enhances our financial flexibility.
 In June, we also announced our 386th consecutive quarterly dividend payment, an impressive track record that dates back to 1924. This year also marks the 48th straight year that Abbott has increased its dividend payment, making Abbott a long-tenured member of the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats Index, which tracks companies that have increased dividends annually for at least 25 consecutive years. Our consistency and commitment to paying a dividend is a hallmark of Abbott's identity, and our strong financial position allows us to continue that track record even during challenging economic times.
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Congrats on a much better-than-expected quarter. Maybe we could start at the top. With 2Q coming in better but still a decent amount of uncertainty about the balance of the year and the recovery trajectory, what gives you the confidence in providing an EPS floor here of at least $3.25? 
Robert Ford: Sure, Robbie. Thanks. Well, I'd say it's not one single factor. It's really more of a collection of factors here. And I think it -- that speaks to really the power of our diversified model, the diverse strength of all of our different businesses.
 So without a doubt, the Q2 EPS beat, which was pretty significant, factors into that. I think some of that really was driven by -- there's some impact there of the challenges of forecasting that I think we all had in April. But a good portion of that beat really comes from strong performance across the businesses. I mean if you look at our 4 businesses, 3 out of -- 3 of them, 3 out of 4 of them are actually posting mid-single-digit growth for the first 6 months of the year.
 But as you look at the base business and think about base business as ultimately Abbott without COVID testing, I think we saw a nice recovery in the second quarter. Yes, there's probably still some uncertainty, but I think we saw a real nice recovery across our base business. If you look at the diagnostic and the device businesses that were probably more impacted, we -- as I described, we exited June with about 90% pre-COVID -- at pre-COVID levels. So -- and that was on average.
 I can tell you, there were some markets or some segments of our portfolio that we actually saw growth in the month of June. So -- and that happened I'd say, both in the U.S. and internationally. And that's important because obviously, there's maybe some concerns of resurgence here in the U.S., but a large portion of our sales of these businesses are concentrated internationally, too. And we're not seeing those same concerns in those markets.
 And nutrition was interesting too, I would say, as I look at that base kind of recovery or that base trend in Q2. I mean we thought that there could be some impact of pantry stocking in Q1 that drove nutrition performance. We actually did better than that, and I think part of that was some stocking. But what we've now seen through some of the share charts, Rob, is that we picked up share in both pediatric and adult nutrition.
 So again, nice recovery, nice performance of the base business in Q2, and I see that momentum carrying forward to the second half. I mean we've got a lot of product launches, label and reimbursement expansions. I can go through some of them. We'll probably talk about them. But if you think about Libre 2, I've got high expectations about that launch in the U.S. TriClip and Tendyne, and these are product launches that we've started to roll out in Europe. We've gotten great feedback in the first months of launch, and we expect kind of good momentum for those products in that geography.
 The NCD certainty, I think, now in terms of lease time lines for MitraClip is a real big plus for us. And the Alinity expansion that we continue to roll out, I'd say, a nice launch now of Alinity m in the U.S. and we're using COVID here to jump-start that launch. So I'd say the combination of nice recovery in Q2 and that momentum being powered through all these launches and all these products that we've historically been talking about is a big factor there.
 And then I'd say finally, COVID testing, in my prepared remarks, I talked a little bit about kind of the phases we're going to be going. But ultimately, the demand here and the need will be with us for the foreseeable future. So we've got a comprehensive portfolio, whether it's point of care, whether it's core lab, whether it's lateral flow, different types of tests, whether it's molecular PCR, antibody. So I think we really have a competitive portfolio. And as we look at going into the second half of the year, the competitive position combined with the demand that's going to be there, we're going to be adding in the second half.
 We'll be adding in terms of new tests, new formats. And also important, we'll be adding in terms of manufacturing capacity, whether it's our molecular platforms, whether it's our lateral flow platform. So we've been working at manufacturer expansion during this quarter. So the notion here that we're -- somehow our competitive position is threatened. I think that we -- we'll be adding competitive position. We'll be adding to it. And I see the demand being there.
 So you factor all this in, Robbie, you look at our beat, our base business recovery in Q2 fueled by a lot of these kind of product launches carrying that momentum forward, look at the acceleration of our COVID testing across all of our platforms. You can then do some risk adjustments to some of the points that you've made there about maybe some resurgence in some states. But I felt that once you factored all that in, I felt confident about reinstating our guidance, and I thought that a number of $3.25 was a good starting point as we go into the second half. 
Robert Marcus: Great. That's a lot of wonderful color. Maybe if we could turn the second question to testing. And the 2 things I wanted to focus on was the durability of the testing, not just for the second half of this year, but as you think out beyond into 2021-plus, how durable is the serology testing? And then second, if you could just give us an update on where you stand in some of these other tests like the lateral flow test and then anything else time line or product-wise you could comment on. 
Robert Ford: Sure. We spent some time looking at kind of what that demand curve will look like. And obviously, our understanding now is much better informed than what it was in March. I'd kind of highlight a little bit the different phases that we'll see. And I think we're now moving into, I guess, what I would call this more recovery phase here as some of these shelter-in-place restrictions are being eased not just in the U.S. but globally also.
 And that's ultimately the part of the demand curve that I actually see where most of the testing is going to occur, where you're really here trying to do broad surveillance beyond just symptomatic or essential workers. And I can see that phase lasting quite a bit actually, at least until there is a proven kind of vaccine and vaccine availability.
 And I think once that happens, we'll probably be getting into what I would call like a vaccine phase here, where I still think you're going to be needing to do surveillance testing of the virus. And that's probably where I'll also think that we'll see an increase in serology and antibody testing. And I see that, that's going to be an opportunity for us and for other companies here that have the antibody test. I see that as being kind of a real kind of demand driver on the serology side.
 But I'd say as we look at this recovery phase that we're in probably over the next kind of 12 months here, we're going to see broad testing. And I think that, as I said, the platforms that we've built is important because you're going to need to have different solutions for different environments, different countries, different trajectories that countries are on. So I like our position.
 The other thing I would say is there's -- it's good to see a lot of science and a lot of approvals of new tests and that's really important. But as we all know, one thing is to ultimately solve the scientific question of detecting the virus and finding the antibody, but you got to be able to have the scale and the manufacturing footprint to be able to kind of scale up and build. And I think that's what we focused a lot on over -- definitely over the last 90 days is looking at the portfolio of tests that we have and adding our manufacturing capacity to them. And it's not just one single site or one single technology. We're really looking at bolstering manufacturing capacity across all of our testing platforms. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore. 
Vijay Kumar: Congrats on a solid execution here. So Robert, I had a 2-part question or 2 questions, if you will, one on the product side, one on the guidance.
 Maybe I'll start on with the product side. I think you made some bullish comments on Libre. There has been some confusion on the street on the labeling side, on the ICGM label, but lack of an AID compatibility, if you will. Maybe parse this out and explain how you see this Libre franchise in the back half heading into next year. And in your perspective, do you think this labeling is an issue or is this more of a sell-side issue? 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, I mean, I think you saw -- let me just start off then with kind of the trajectory here. I mean you looked at our first quarter trajectory in terms of sales growth, new user additions as measured by prescription data here in the U.S. and other data sources outside internationally. And we were on a real strong kind of trend as we were going into Q1. And then obviously, COVID had a little bit of an impact on our new user acquisition growth rate.
 I mean we were definitely growing new users through Q2, but I think you could see in the data that we all kind of felt a little bit of an impact in May. And that's probably just the impact of shelter in place where patients weren't going to their physicians either to get their prescription or just weren't going to the physician's office. But you see now, I mean, if you look at the data, you see the pickup in the month of June. And you look at the exit of June, we're probably very close to the rate that we were before we came into COVID. And as I said, that was a rate that was growing really nicely in terms of new users.
 So I'm encouraged by that recovery there. I would say the biggest encouragement I have here for the second part of the year is not only that recovery, but obviously the approval of Libre 2 here in the U.S. I think it's a product that's been long-awaited from physicians, payers, consumers, the diabetes community. We had launched it in Europe about a year or so ago.
 So I think I look at this, and it's not really a catch-up for me. It's really setting a new standard, as I said in my comments, regarding accuracy and performance. It's got the best accuracy across the board, whether -- and again, this is a 14-day sensor versus our closest competitor being a 10-day sensor. But even with that longer range of use, better accuracy overall, better accuracy in the low range and high range, better accuracy with kids and adults, so I think that's very important.
 And one thing that we wanted to make sure we got right here, Vijay, was kind of regarding alarms. We had heard a lot about from consumers, when we were developing Libre, the frustration with alarms. And so we really put that feedback, really put the consumer really at the core, at the heart of what we're doing to try and build the alarm. So not only does the accuracy have better alarm performance, whether it's fewer missed or fewer false, but we added a feature there, which is optional alarms. And it's the only CGM that will have that where you can actually toggle between deciding when you want alarms and don't want alarms. And I think that's an important mindset of how we brought that consumer into it.
 So I look at the combination of all this, Vijay, and I look at the base core of the Libre brand, which I described. And I think the overall value proposition is really second to none here. It's simple, easy to use. It's connected, consumer-friendly device. It's been like that from day 1 once we started the design process back in 2011. And I think one of the things that gets lost a little bit in the feature battle sometimes that happens is the outcomes. Outcomes are really important for the payers and for the physician community. And we showed some really powerful outcomes data at the ADA this year regarding A1c improvements for Type 2 patients that aren't on insulin, so Type 2 patients on oral meds, and I think that's very important.
 And we priced this for mass adoption. Our -- we don't measure success here, at least not for this product, which we've always talked about of being a mass market opportunity. We don't measure success of how high of a reimbursement we got. We measure success about broad access.
 So that as a framework, to answer your question on the AID, it was interesting to see the reaction regarding that aspect of our approval. I think it provided a lot of insight to some of the mindset here, some of the people that follow this space. But listen, pumps are going to be important. They're going to be an important segment of the market. The fully automated pumps are pretty amazing technologies. They're great technologies. But for context, these types of pumps, they really just compromise about 1% of the insulin users here in the U.S.
 So listen, we're very confident that we'll be connected to the full assortment of all the pumps and pens, and we've got everything we need here. But our vision and our strategy was much bigger and has always been much bigger than that. We see this as a mass market opportunity that includes both Type 1s, Type 2s, whether you're an insulin, non-insulin. And when you look at the world like that, you're talking tens and tens of millions of people. So we're excited about Libre 2 approval in the U.S. I think it sets a new standard, and I got high expectations for it here in the U.S. 
Vijay Kumar: No, that's extremely helpful, Robert. And one quick one on the guidance. I think you mentioned the exit rate on procedures was at 90% of pre-COVID levels. If procedures remain at 90% in the back half, one, are you still expecting to hit the $3.25 EPS number? That's -- I'm assuming -- and if that scenario plays out, it's going to be a mix impact on margins just given devices have higher margins. So where is the upside coming from? I think you mentioned something about antigen testing. I'm just curious how you guys are thinking about that opportunity? And are you baking in some upside from Libre as well? 
Robert Ford: Listen, you've just basically rattled off all the different factors that we've been looking at as we've looked at the $3.25 kind of floor scenario for us over here. So all those things were factored in.
 We've actually had some countries where we're actually seeing procedure growth. I mean in China, for example, which was probably the tip of the spear, we actually saw procedure growth in the month of June and healthy growth. So we factored all of that in there. We factored in the launch of Libre 2 and the expectations that we think that we can drive in terms of new user acquisitions and recovery there and we factor all this in.
 And if you ask, where is the upside, well, listen, there could be upside on all these factors here. I would say if you look at how we built the forecast, a big portion of that is our manufacturing, our manufacturing expansion. All of those are on time, they're on sequence. We've allowed for a little bit of wiggle room there, I would say. But if they continue to be on target and on time -- again, it's not one single expansion. But if they continue to be on time, we could potentially see a potential for upside to that number. But all these factors that you've laid out here, we've sort of contemplated that in that $3.25 scenario. 
Vijay Kumar: Congrats again. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
David Lewis: Robert, just another follow-up here on guidance. I guess I appreciate the $3.25 and obviously, you have some incremental profitability coming from the mix of diagnostic testing. So is a good way of thinking about this year something around mid-single-digit revenue growth in that range? And I wonder, if you think about '21, and I know it's obviously pretty early, our math has you sort of comfortably above pre-COVID levels. But any kind of qualitative commentary you can give us on '21 would be, I think, helpful. I have a quick follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Yes, sure. On your question regarding this year, yes, I mean, I think the math would, at this level, would suggest that, but -- that kind of mid-single-digit growth range. But as I said in the previous question, depending on how some of this manufacturing ramp-up occurs and the scaling of it occurs on the COVID side, the rolling out of our new tests, we could be ahead of that. And that would then imply a different kind of -- a different type of growth rate for the full year.
 But even at the $3.25, we're definitely accelerating our growth rate versus where we were at pre-COVID levels. So I think that the combination of these factors here, I could -- we can see us potentially entering next year with a high top line growth rate because of the combination of a strong base business, a strong base Abbott with an additional layer here of COVID testing. 
David Lewis: Okay. And then just related to that, Robert, just in terms of the diagnostic outlook here, we assume you're expanding capacity. We have both the lateral flow tests coming. How should we think about the capacity expansion on sort of m2000 versus ID NOW? I think your business was sort of $600 million here this quarter. How can that scale up here after the coming quarters? We certainly see an outlook here that's probably $2 billion to $2.5 billion for this year. But just give us a sense of where you think the bigger opportunity lies between m2000 and ID NOW and what steps you're taking there to expand capacity. 
Robert Ford: Yes, I think that's a good range if you want to dollarize it. And -- but I'd say, listen, we're looking at capacity expansions across all the platforms.
 So you mentioned m2000. We actually did a really good job at doing -- at expanding capacity through the quarter. We're also looking at expanding capacity for our Alinity m system, which I think is going to get a really nice kind of jump-start here in terms of its launch with the COVID test. It's a very attractive system in terms of kind of its features and -- its competitive features, whether it's a throughput or ease of use, not only versus m2000, but also versus other systems there.
 We're also investing in ID NOW capacity expansion. We talked a little bit about that when we came out with approval. We knew that 50,000 tests a day wouldn't necessarily be enough. It was a good start, but it wouldn't be enough, and we've been working very diligently to be able to do that.
 And on the lateral flow side, we began rolling the tests outside and in some international markets. We'll start to bring that here in the U.S. And we think there's a use case for both an antibody and an antigen test also. And we're investing capacity there also. So it's really not just, I'd say, one kind of area, but really looking across the entire suite of solutions here. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristen Stewart from Barclays. 
Kristen Stewart: Thanks, Robert and the entire organization, for all that you're doing on the COVID side. Just wanted to get a little bit more specific on just timing for the U.S. for an antigen test, and if there's anything that you can provide, just kind of more specifics on just the manufacturing capacity or just kind of how big you think kind of the COVID testing opportunity could be?
 And just kind of correct me if I'm wrong, it just sounds like -- and kind of my thought is that this COVID testing opportunity could definitely be something that not only kind of sticks around into 2021, but obviously, it could just be something more durable provided that not everybody may be willing to sign up for a COVID vaccine if one is developed and hopefully, obviously, one is developed.
 And then if I could just have a follow-up too, if you could explain a little bit more of the dynamics of what's going on in China with Nutrition. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Let me just talk about kind of overall demand there. I mean I agree with you, and that's how we see it. We see the -- that COVID testing will stick around. Even when you have a vaccine, I think that I can see patients going to a physician's office with a fever, and they want to know is it influenza, is it the flu, is it COVID? So yes, so we think that the capacity that we're building is not only for, I'd say, a high demand during the next 12, 18, 24 months here, but we do the -- a steady state, as I said, that it will continue to be there.
 Regarding your question on antigen, I won't give kind of specifics in terms of timing. What I can say, and I talked about it in Q1, is that we've really looked across our entire agnostic platform and not only the instrumented side, but the non-instrumented side as it relates to lateral flow testing. As you know, a lot of this lateral flow test came with the acquisition we did of Alere, and we're intending to maximize that scale that came with the acquisition. So we feel good about the test that we developed for the antibody. We're rolling it out.
 The antigen side, again, it's going to be -- we've been working very hard on this. And I think it will just fall into the same kind of bucket and value proposition here where we'll have a lot of scale to be able to use this, produce a reliable test that's easy to use, that's affordable. I think that's the critical aspect here. If you want to get some more mass screening, more mass volume, the tests need to be more affordable. And one of the ways you do that is you remove the restriction on the instrument, so -- or requiring an instrument. So we're working on that test, and we've been building capacity for it. So -- and that's factored it a little bit into our guidance.
 I think you had a question on Nutrition, right? Yes. So specifically, in China, yes, it's been a tough market, I'd say, for a lot of companies, I'd say, especially some of the multinational foreign companies. We've also seen a little bit of a decline there in birth rates, so that's kind of slowed the market growth down a little bit. So -- but it's -- we're not overly dependent on China Nutrition within Nutrition. And obviously, within Abbott, our Nutrition business has been pretty resilient in the quarter. We actually saw some pretty strong growth in pediatrics in some of other Asian markets, too.
 So listen, it's an important market for us. It's about 7% of our Nutrition sales. The market conditions are shifting there a little bit. And we'll continue to be competitive as we can there with our new product launches and innovations that we're launching. And we'll see that dynamic, I think, still kind of play out a little bit here in the next quarter or so until we can get some of our new launches kind of rolled out. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Miksic from Crdit Suisse. 
Matthew Miksic: Just maybe changing gears a little bit, if you could talk a little about some of the pipeline products that -- recently approved and in the pipeline and time line, like the CE Mark for TriClip and Tendyne for tricuspid and mitral. Maybe how to think about those products adding to the growth in the back half and into early '21. And then for the pivotal for Amulet, the NCD for CardioMEMS, what's different this time on that product, which was kind of ahead of its time last time? Maybe just help us understand how to think about or model those. And then I have one follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Well, we've been investing strong and heavily in the structural heart business. And I think your -- you've just kind of mentioned a lot of a lot of the output of those investments as we're building the portfolio and the pipeline of our structural heart business. I would say, MitraClip is still in the early innings. And I think that we've been working hard to kind of expand that market.
 And think about the NCD coverage here in the U.S., I mean in the U.S., we did close to 12,000 procedures last year, and the NCD is going to give us opportunity to target 250,000 procedures. So I think -- I still think there's a lot of opportunity in the mitral space, in the repair side.
 Specifically, on TriClip, listen, I think this is a great opportunity for us. We got a lot of feedback from the physician community about wanting to see a repair system for the tricuspid area. They were trying to get there using the MitraClip, but it's a difficult area to get to. So we took a lot of the feedback here and redesigned the delivery catheter for the clip to be able to get to the tricuspid area. And we've got CE Mark. We've launched it. We've gotten great feedback in terms of its -- the biggest challenge was getting there in an easier way. And I think that the TriClip with the redesign has kind of helped that.
 I think it's about a -- think about the market size here. It's probably about 1/3 of the size that I think of the mitral repair market. That's how we've looked at it. And it's going to take a little bit of time to develop. If you think about how we developed the mitral repair market, you need to build a steady base of experienced users here to build good data on its efficacy and then you start to kind of roll it out.
 So I think this is really in the early stages here. We've got some growth baked in, in the second half of this year. But this is probably a multiyear kind of growth here for us, but it's an exciting one given our position that we have in mitral. 
 On Tendyne, this was an important play that we made. We knew that we wanted to be a company that had a broad suite of solutions in the mitral area. And having a repair would be one part of it, but then having a replacement device would be another part of the value proposition. And right now, we're the only company now that -- be able to offer that solution to our customers to be able to repair, and if repair is not needed, to be able to have a transcatheter solution for replacement.
 So we got CE Mark in January. We started to roll it out, again, gotten very good feedback. And we'll -- we don't have, I'd say, a lot of sales baked into the second half year. We really want to kind of develop the use, develop the data. Both these products, the TriClip and the Tendyne, they're currently under trial here in the U.S.. Our projected launch here for a Tendyne product in the U.S. is late in 2022, and the TriClip here in the U.S. sometime in 2023. So we've got a nice kind of cadence here of product launches.
 You mentioned Amulet. This is another exciting area for us. It sometimes gets lost in the shuffle and the richness of the pipeline of this division here, but it's one that is not lost with me or with the management team here. We've completed our enrollment, and now we've got an 18-month kind of end point. So we'll expect to file by the end of this year and have a launch sometime in 2021. And that will be a nice kind of growth opportunity as we go into next year also. 
Matthew Miksic: Terrific. And then just one follow-up, if I could, on EPD and emerging markets. I know it's a little bit more of a narrow geography to think about, but maybe similar to the way that everyone was trying to sort of gauge the recovery or the way that COVID sort of paces through the developed markets in Q2. Any sense of how to think about the cadence of -- are we at a trough point? Or should we trough the impact in August here or in this quarter in EPD and in emerging markets? 
Robert Ford: Yes. So we saw a little bit of softness in Q2, as we discussed. I think it's partially due to some of the purchases that I think were pulled forward a little bit in late March as it relates to kind of the quarantine mandates in certain countries. If you look at our Q1 performance, it was over 9%.
 So I think what we've seen here is once we saw the data, the data comes here a little bit of a lag to us. We were able to kind of see what happened. And you kind of see this contraction, sharp contraction in the market kind of in the March, probably more April, May kind of time frame here. And early indication starts to show a little bit of a bounce back in June, but it's not going to be -- you can't make a definitive conclusion across all markets because they're all at different phases.
 So I think right now, probably the ones that are being hit the most are probably kind of Russia and Brazil. But we actually saw, similar to devices, we saw a nice recovery in China in our EPD business also and saw the kind of growth rate that we had been seeing. So double-digit growth rate in the quarter in China.
 So I guess what I'd say is the impact of quarantine and the virus, it kind of moved from China, started moving east. And I would say kind of the emerging markets were probably the most laggard part of that movement. And I'd expect to see them come back in a similar fashion in terms of some of the developed markets that we saw in devices and diagnostics also. So... 
Operator: Our next question comes Joanne Wuensch from Citibank. 
JoanneWuensch: A very solid quarter. A couple of very quick questions. Can you give us an update on Libre 3 and when you're thinking of the timing of that? Can you also comment on how you're thinking about the run rate for MitraClip, particularly with COAPT data behind it and now CMS coverage in front of it?
 And then lastly, expense management. I got the impression from some of your comments that you're leaning in on some investments. And if there's anything that you can give us regarding big picture and/or the cadence on that, that would be great. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I guess I would take your first question on Libre 3. We've gone through a long journey here, so I think I want to prioritize a little bit on Libre 2. But what I will say is the following. We've always said that Libre was a platform product. We've always said that we would have different iterations.
 Libre 3 has been in development for some time. But I'm not going to provide any details on product capabilities or time lines as it relates to this point. My focus here is going to be really to maximize kind of Libre 2 launch. But we do have a team that's been working on it, and we're excited about it. And when we have more details to kind of share, we will share.
 Regarding MitraClip, yes, it was an interesting quarter for sure. We saw a pretty sharp decline in clip procedures in the month of April and probably about half of May. Then we started to see a nice kind of ramp up. And so we exited Q2 in June with about 85% of where we were in pre-COVID levels, and that continues to kind of trend up.
 So I think you've -- you talked about kind of a key growth driver for us. The NCD is an important part. I'm glad to see the process moving forward. I think it represents a significant growth opportunity for us. I think it more than doubles the U.S. market opportunity, as I said. And it's nice to see that we could have an expected time line here that could potentially result in an NCD approval at the end of the quarter. So I'm -- as I said in the previous question about the structural portfolio, we've got a lot there, but MitraClip is still in its early innings, and this is a great opportunity here for us.
 Regarding your question on spending, we've been careful obviously about spending. And obviously I think you see a natural cadence of less spending, whether it's travel and stuff like that, that we saw. But -- and so that just naturally happens. But we've paid a lot of attention to R&D and R&D spend and ensuring that not only do we not slow down our programs, but are there other opportunities that we have to be able to accelerate them, and we have been looking at that.
 I think some of the challenges and some of the R&D spend is that some of that spend is these clinical trials. So obviously, that -- with some of the follow-ups, enrollments slowing down, you'll see that. But we've tried to take some of that favorability and look at product development side to be able to continue to build our pipeline, build our sustainable kind of growth story. So yes, that's got a lot of attention and focus from me and the management team and ensuring we don't lose the opportunity on the R&D side.
 And then the other investment we've been making, as has probably been pretty clear, is we're putting in a lot of manufacturing capacity. That includes not only capital, but also project expense. And we're managing those opportunities very, very closely also. 
Operator: And our last question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. 
Matthew Taylor: So I really had just 2 follow-ups on 2 of the bigger themes here. So one is on the floor of $3.25. It seems like you've been very thoughtful about how you've layered together all these different moving parts for the second half of the year to get to that floor assumption.
 I guess my question is kind of taking the inverse of that. So what would have to happen, what would have to go wrong for you to not achieve that floor? Would things have to get significantly worse? Maybe you could just speak to that. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean, listen, we've looked at every -- a lot of different scenarios here, Matt. We've got a lot of great data that we -- that's pretty proprietary to us. I mean I think I mentioned this in the last quarter where a lot of the laboratory testing that happens on our systems in the hospitals, we get to see that data every day, every night and we've been aggregating it. And we look at not only the volume of tests that are being done, but we also look at the type of different tests that are being done.
 And so I think we've got a pretty good insight in terms of what's actually happening in the hospitals beyond just the headlines. Those are important, but we haven't relied on headlines or models to do this. We've really looked at it at a very granular level using the assets that we have to be able to kind of put our own forecast together.
 On the device side, the way our compensation is struck with our sales reps, they've got to log their procedures. So we have a fairly accurate representation of the kind of procedures that are occurring at the hospital. So we've factored all this in and factored in the different components of our manufacturing of COVID. And that's why I feel confident, again, in reinstating and reinstating at $3.25.
 So what you're trying to figure out is what needs to go wrong here. I think even if there is a shutdown, another shutdown, which I personally don't believe will be there, I think we know a lot more now. The hospitals know a lot more versus what happened in the first shutdown. And I think we're going to have a lot of manufacturing capacity to be able to deal with that from a testing perspective.
 And then you also have to have that same granularity not just in the U.S., so looking at different states. But you also have to look at it around the globe. And around the globe, there are different countries on different situations, too. So... 
Matthew Taylor: And then maybe one other follow-up. So you talked about Libre 2 and all the exciting aspects of it. I was wondering if you could at least qualitatively talk about the kind of acceleration or pickup or additional opportunity that you see for that in the second half of the year. And are you going to immediately be able to blast that out? Or is there some kind of conversion time for you to get up to full speed on the manufacturing of the new product? 
Robert Ford: Well, on the manufacturing side, I'll just answer that quickly. I mean you know that we've been investing in manufacturing, manufacturing capacity and scale. We knew that was going to be an important aspect for our strategy when we look at it as a mass market. So from a manufacturing standpoint, we don't have that issue. We've got teams that are already kind of building product, putting them in boxes, ready to start shipping them to wholesalers and retailers here in the U.S.
 Regarding kind of qualitative assessment of the opportunity, I mean, I guess, I'll just go back to there's -- you can look at the penetration of CGM in the U.S. here. And again, it depends on the kind of lens you want to look at. If you want to look at it through the lens of AID systems and connected pumps, you're going to have a market. If you're going to look at it through the lens of at least how we're looking at it, which is mass market, Type 1s, Type 2s, whether you're on insulin or whether you're not on insulin, you're looking at a large -- you're looking at 15 million, 20 million people here in the U.S. And you can look at the amount of users we have. You can look at the amount of users that the other systems in the market have. And you can add that up and you can say, "Okay, there's a lot of opportunity here for that kind of growth."
 The question is what is the product that best suits that kind of penetration, that more mass market penetration. And I'll make the case not because I've been with this product for a while. But I'll make the case based on what I've heard from payers, what I've heard from the system that ultimately have to pay for it, that Libre has got everything -- Libre 2 has got everything it needs to be able to kind of accelerate that penetration.
 And I'll point to the study that we published at the ADA with a Type 2 non-insulin user. I mean that is a significant A1c reduction for people on oral medication that you probably don't see in terms of other studies with other drugs. So I think Libre has shown that it is just as effective at providing outcomes for type 2 patients that are on oral medication versus those that are on pumps. So I'm very bullish about the opportunity that we have for Libre 2 in the U.S. as I am for Libre as a whole in -- around the globe.
 So let me just wrap up here then by just -- we knew that Q2 here was going to be our toughest quarter of the year, and we beat those expectations. I think part of it was probably some difficulty in forecasting. But a good portion of that was our performance, our strong performance across our businesses. We can see a base business that's -- if you exclude the COVID test, we've got product launches, we've got channel expansions, new reimbursement claims. So we continue to forecast a steady acceleration, a quarter of work-over improvement of our base business.
 You then have the COVID testing, which, as I said, I think will be here with us for the foreseeable future. Not only do we have a very complete portfolio, we're going to be adding to it, but we're also investing in manufacturing capacity and scale. And I think that's an important role here to play, an important role to play in meeting that demand.
 So a floor of $3.25 I thought was a good place to start as we reinstate our guidance. But if you look at our product launches, both U.S. and internationally, our manufacturing expansions and depending how that goes, we could see a situation where we're heading in next year with a very high top line growth rate and really compromised here of a strong base Abbott business with now an added layer of growth from COVID testing. 
Scott Leinenweber: Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-15 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission. 
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Robert Ford, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Funck, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Robert and Bob will provide opening remarks. Following their comments, we'll take your questions.
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2020. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Abbott's operations, results and financial results. This may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that financial information provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only.
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in our earnings news release issued earlier today.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 
Robert Ford: Thanks, Scott. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As everyone here knows, we haven't seen a quarter or any time quite like this before. This global environment is unprecedented in our lifetimes. Before we get into the details of the quarter, I want to take a moment to thank our employees, our customers and our suppliers, all of whom are making extraordinary efforts to keep systems working and to maintain supply of our critically important products for the people who need them.
 This moment has strongly underscored 2 fundamental things to me. The first is the biggest and most important, and that's the essential nature of health and health care. Times like these make very clear what truly matters the most. The second, to bring it closer to home, has to do with the nature of Abbott. We've been in the business of improving people's health through medical innovation for more than 130 years, and it's in moments like these that the importance of our mission becomes even more critical: delivering for the people that depend on us.
 I've been extremely impressed, though, not at all surprised, by the way my colleagues around the world have stepped up to this moment. As you know, we've quickly developed and launched 3 diagnostic tests for COVID-19: 2 for the laboratory setting and 1 for rapid point-of-care testing. At the same time, our teams in every business and around the world have been making extraordinary efforts to keep our operations running and our supply chains moving and to undertake the thousands of processes to make our vital products and get them to the people who need them. And we're also donating both funding and products to support frontline health care workers, families and communities to meet the challenges of this pandemic. I think this speaks to a well-known attribute of Abbott's culture: We're execution-oriented, and we could be relied on to deliver when it matters the most because we know how important our work is, that lives depend on us, and we take that very seriously.
 Our diversified business model is a true strength in times like these. It's a model that has served our shareholders and the company very well. Under normal circumstances, it provides more opportunities for growth. And in situations like this, it helps to dampen the impact by ensuring we're not overly reliant on a given business, product or geography. Overall, our sales grew nearly 4.5% on an organic basis in the first quarter.
 Looking across our portfolio. Some parts of the business faced challenges, others have been relatively stable, and still others are performing at high levels to meet new demands. Beginning in February, as China implemented quarantine restrictions and nonemergency health care activities were postponed, we saw sharp declines in both cardiovascular device procedures and routine core laboratory diagnostic testing volumes in that country. Encouragingly, over the course of March and the first 2 weeks of April, we've seen a steady improvement in procedures and testing volumes in China from the lows we saw in February.
 As the virus spread geographically, the impact initially expanded to pockets of Asia and Europe beginning in late February, and more broadly across Europe and the U.S. during the last few weeks of March. As the health care industry shifted its focus to fighting the virus, we saw similar impacts to our business as those we had seen in China. Based on our most recent data points, while we haven't seen a rebound, we're starting to see some signs of stabilization. 
 Importantly, while we're navigating the demands of the current environment, we've continued to advance our pipeline and strengthen our long-term growth platforms. Over the last few months, we've announced CE Mark approvals of new products in important cardiovascular device areas, including TriClip, the world's first minimally invasive device for repairing a leaky tricuspid heart valve; Tendyne, a first-of-its-kind device for mitral heart valve replacement; and Gallant, our next-generation implantable cardiac defibrillator.
 In EPD and Nutrition, underlying market growth and share dynamics remain in line with historical trends during the quarter, with the exception of increased demand during late March in advance of shelter-in-place restrictions in certain markets, most notably in U.S. Pediatric Nutrition. In Diabetes Care, Freestyle Libre continued to add new users at a strong and steady rate throughout the quarter as reflected by sales growth of more than 60%. We also continue to expand reimbursement coverage for Libre around the world, including recently becoming the only continuous glucose monitoring system to obtain reimbursement in Japan for people with Type 2 diabetes. And just last week, we announced the availability of Freestyle Libre for hospitalized patients with COVID-19. The Libre system allows frontline health care workers and hospitals to remotely monitor glucose levels in patients with diabetes in order to minimize exposure to COVID-19 and preserve the use of personal protective equipment. In partnership with the American Diabetes Association, Abbott has donated 25,000 Freestyle Libre sensors to U.S. hospitals and medical centers in outbreak hotspots to help accelerate access to the technology.
 Before I wrap up, I'd like to take a moment to discuss our ongoing efforts in the area of diagnostic testing for COVID-19. Abbott has long been a global leader in infectious disease testing, so leading in this area is a role we can and should play. In late March, we launched 2 molecular diagnostic tests to detect COVID-19: one for our ID NOW rapid point-of-care platform; and one for our m2000 laboratory platform. Over the past few weeks, we've been actively working with government authorities and health systems to deploy these tests to places of greatest need. And just yesterday, we announced the launch of a lab-based serology test for the detection of the antibody IgG. While molecular testing detects whether someone currently has the virus, antibody tests determine if someone was previously infected. We already began shipping these antibody tests and intend to ship 4 million tests in April and ramping up capacity to 20 million tests per month in June and beyond.
 But our efforts don't stop there. We're moving as fast as we can to develop additional tests, including a lab-based serology test to detect another important antibody, IgM, which we expect to launch in the near future. I'd like to thank our outstanding scientists as well as our manufacturing, supply chain and business teams. They've really stepped up to the challenge and are doing extraordinary work to increase availability of diagnostic testing as we fight this pandemic.
 So in summary, this unprecedented situation underscores our purpose and the strength of our diversified business model. The underlying fundamentals of our business remains strong, and our manufacturing and supply chain have been highly resilient. We've long planned for how to maintain business continuity in the face of a global crisis, and our employees and suppliers have risen to the challenge. And lastly, Abbott is contributing in a significant and meaningful way by providing new test solutions across our diagnostic platforms to help screen as many people as possible.
 I'll now turn over the call to Bob. Bob? 
Robert Funck: Thanks, Robert. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance.
 Turning to our results. Sales for the first quarter increased 4.3%. Our adjusted gross margin ratio was 58% of sales. R&D investment was 7.3% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 32.2% of sales. Exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 1.8% on first quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar strengthen versus most currencies, which resulted in a larger unfavorable impact on sales compared to expectations had exchange rates held steady since the time of our earnings call in January. Based on current rates, we would now expect exchange to have a negative impact of a little more than 3% on our full year sales.
 As we announced this morning in our earnings news release, given the uncertainties regarding the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we're suspending our previously issued annual guidance for sales and earnings per share. We're actively monitoring the situation closely, and we'll provide updates as appropriate.
 Before we open the call for questions, I'd like to briefly discuss Abbott's overall financial condition. As this situation has reminded all of us, unforeseen events can rapidly change the environment we operate in. And our philosophy of maintaining strong financial flexibility is in place for just these types of moments.
 Overall, I'd say our financial health is strong. We ended the first quarter with approximately $3.7 billion of cash and short-term investments, and we have existing agreements in place that will provide additional access to $5 billion, if needed. As you know, over the last couple of years, we have put a heavy emphasis on strong cash flow generation and rapid debt paydown following a period of strategic shaping. This focused effort has positioned us with healthy leverage ratios and only a modest amount of debt coming due over the next few years. It has also resulted in strong investment-grade credit ratings. That said, we are prudently planning to ensure we can withstand a variety of potential scenarios that may emerge over the coming months.
 As Robert mentioned earlier, our diversified business model is a true strength in times like these. I would also add that our disciplined and thoughtful approach to financial decisions and capital allocation priorities are also strengths and that Abbott is well positioned to navigate this challenge.
 With that, we'll now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: And congrats on a good quarter, all things considered. Maybe I can start with the 2 positives in the portfolio here. I'll ask them separately. First, on diagnostics. Abbott's leading the way. You have 3 different tests: the ID NOW molecular tests, the m2000 SARS-COVID-19 test and then the antibody test, which was just announced. I know a lot of people are interested in the potential of all 3 of these tests here. So I was wondering if you could give us an overview of where you are with the testing, the potential revenue implications and volumes that you'll have. And any other tests that we should be on the lookout for on the horizon here? 
Robert Ford: Sure, Robbie. So yes, it was definitely an intense first quarter here for our Diagnostic business, even though it doesn't look like that in the sales number, right? We've got a core lab business that had some declines and it -- given the similar dynamics that we saw in our cardiovascular procedures as the hospitalization and procedures kind of came down. And then on the other side of the business, we have our rapid and molecular business where we did see positive growth in the quarter. And we actually didn't have a lot of COVID test sales for those businesses in the quarter. As you know, we got our approvals towards the end of the quarter, last week or so in March. So the potential here for the COVID tests are more significant for us in the second quarter here. 
 But our biggest motivation on the testing aspect here, the key driver here is we want to help people. We want to help people get tested. We want to help society move forward. We want to help workers get back to work, people get back to schools, et cetera. So when you look at the diagnostic platform, the suite of platforms and products that we have built over the last 20 years here, they've really been aimed at being able to do just that. 
 So in mid-February, when we saw that the virus was not going to mimic what we had seen in maybe previous viruses, like a SARS or a MERS, for example, and we saw that this was going to be something much more significant, much more widespread, we assembled 4 different and independent R&D teams to go about it in individual groups. I mean there was obviously some collaboration between them, but we wanted them stand-alone going after 4 different types of tests: a molecular lab test, a molecular point-of-care test, a lab-based serology test, and a lateral flow serology test. And we did that not because we thought that we needed 4 shots on goal here to try and get 1 or 2 of them to get it. We understood, given our experience here, that all 4 of these tests, all 4 of these different types of testing would be needed. All 4 of them had a different value proposition. So if you look at the lab-based systems, they're more high throughput, get a lot of tests done. There's a little bit of a turnaround time there, 1, 2, 3 days, et cetera, but we knew we needed that kind of testing volume. We also knew that we needed fast, immediate -- more faster, immediate results, maybe with the notion of having some portability where you'd be able to take the test straight to testing people, not having to restrict them to having to go to a lab or a hospital. And we also knew that there was going to be a need for mass volume screening. So when we look at the assembly of these 4 different tests that we've been working on, that's the -- that was the goal: to understand that there's a viral progression that occurs where in the beginning, in the early stages, you need molecular testing to be able to diagnose if somebody has the virus. And as the degrees (sic) [ disease ] progresses and people start to build antibodies for that, you're going to need a different type of test and in different formats of the test.
 So I would say every single one of our programs here either met or beat their target dates. And there's probably 2 reasons for that: One of them is, I'd say, just a very passionate and committed scientific and manufacturing team here that really went 24/7. I mean 1 of our teams split in 2 so they could go 24 hours a day, 10 days a week to be able to continue the work and doing the work. So that's one key driver.
 And I'd say the other one here, and we've talked a bit about this, is a very collaborative, science-based approach of our work with the FDA. Throughout every step of our development process, we worked real time with the FDA, sharing with them our technology, sharing how are we going to do the clinical, sharing with them the results, taking input and feedback from them on a real-time basis. And I think the combination of those 2 factors really allowed us to do this, at least these 3 tests here in record time.
 And I think what you're seeing, at least what we see a lot is the reward of that. It's very rewarding to see the vision that we had about these different types of tests and different types of platforms being deployed to the way that we had thought and envision them to be and then to get feedback back. I mean the amount of stories that I've received from CEOs, from mayors, from governors about our rapid test and how we envisioned that test rollout to start off with frontline workers, whether it's an ICU nurse, an ER doctor so that they could be tested if they had -- thought that they had symptoms, they're going to have to be self-quarantined for 4 or 5 days until their lab test would come back. And now with a rapid test in 15 minutes, they would know whether they would need to get appropriate care or whether they could return to the front line. And that's been exactly how we envisioned that product to work, at least in our initial rollout.
 We also -- we're shipping a lot of m2000. I mean we have a lot of m2000s in the country, but we also began shipping them to some pretty difficult areas where the turnaround time that we had heard from mayors and governors was over 2 weeks. So now we can ship these boxes -- these lab boxes, and they can do close to 500 tests, 470 tests a day and get results in 24 hours. So the way we've developed these tests, the way we've put them out to the market, the way we've launched them, the way we've worked with the labs and the hospitals is exactly how we had envisioned this.
 Obviously, there's a lot of stories that I've, at least, been seeing recently about the difficulty to find the tests, et cetera. And what I would say there is we've done everything that we said we were going to do. We've delivered everything that we said we were going to deliver. Obviously, that is not enough. We still need to do more, and there's a need here to manufacture more tests. 
 Scaling is important and we have -- to get these tests out, we use high-precision, high-automated manufacturing process. And some of those, we've been able to kind of utilize existing assets that we have to manufacture it. In other cases, it's not enough, and we need to buy more. We need to set up more. And that obviously takes some time here, but you have a committed, dedicated team here that's really doing 24/7 type of work.
 But on the ID NOW side, I mean, we made comment -- we made commitments to manufacture -- start manufacturing 50,000 tests per day starting April 1, and we're halfway through the month here already, and we've delivered exactly that. And every day, I get to see the manufacturing and the shipment output, and we haven't fallen behind that. And several days, we've beaten that number and able to get more tests out.
 And we've worked collaboratively with federal government, with state government, with governors, with mayors. We provide everybody daily reports on what we've made and where we've shipped the product. It's a collaborative process to be able to allocate the tests to the areas that -- or need it the most. 
 As I said on ID NOW, our first phase was to roll this out to ensure that the frontline health care workers were tested and were protected. And as we start to ramp up manufacturing for ID NOW, as we'll start to implement those actions in the month of May, into June, we'll start to roll this out into a second phase where we'll start to be able to test more of the general population. And we started to work on some pilots here with CVS and other retailers here to say, okay, how can we get this system out of the hospital into more decentralized testing so we can test the general population, whether it's in urgent care clinics, nursing homes, retail settings, et cetera. So that's on target, on plan also. 
 On the m2000, we made a commitment when we got approval to ship out 1 million tests during the month of March, and we did exactly that. On the IgG, we just announced yesterday. We talked about shipping 4 million tests, put a stake in the ground there. I got an update from my team. Yesterday, they already have orders for about 1/4 of that as of yesterday. So we're moving fast here. And we know that we need to play our role here in manufacturing and getting as most tests out as possible to this platform that we've developed.
 We've also been very clear about how we're selling the product. We sell the product from our warehouse right into our customers. We try to limit as much as we can the use of wholesalers and distributors. So that's worked very well. We're making weekly shipments so there's no hoarding, and we can get to as many people, as many customers as we can. And we're selling all of these tests at the same selling price that we were previously selling all of our other assays for these instruments. So the ID NOW COVID tests, we're selling at the same price that we sell our ID NOW flu test and the same for all of our other -- for our other assays and the other boxes. 
 So we're working on our last platform here, which is our lateral flow serology test. This will allow us to scale up to numbers much more significant than some of these that I've talked about. This falls into our ability to kind of look at mass testing for the general population. They're on time right now, and we're almost there.
 So I would say we've got a promising Q2 ahead of us as it relates to testing. I'm not going to try here and forecast exactly how this is going to look like in Q2 right now. But it's clear that the demand for testing is big. It's not going to go away. And I think that the team here has aligned a portfolio of testing solutions that have a wide variety of different uses and will play a key role in ramping up testing. 
Robert Marcus: Appreciate the response. Very helpful. And maybe just one other bright spot in the portfolio is Libre. This is a nonprocedure-based recurring revenue product. You had great international numbers. The U.S. number looked a little lighter this quarter, kind of flat quarter-over-quarter. Maybe just help us understand the trends in that business and how sustainable that is as people are away from their endocrinologists? 
Robert Ford: Sure. As I said, if you look at our script data, if you want to look at the U.S. data, we had a very good quarter as it relates to kind of script. And beginning of the year, I talked about how we were deploying a lot of demand-generation strategies here, whether it was sales force expansions, direct-to-consumer advertising, et cetera. And you can see that those that follow the weekly Rx data, you can see that inflection point starting in the first couple of weeks of January here versus where we exited.
 So our scripts between Q1 of 2020 and Q4 of '19, the scripts actually grew 35% sequentially, obviously, over 100% if you look at it over year-over-year. So the sequential growth rate there that maybe you're referring to is really focused here on just kind of timing of sales and sales shipments in the quarter. I expect to see that shipment, selling mimic what we've been seeing in our Rx generation in the U.S. that you saw in the first quarter. And I think that speaks a lot to the value proposition of FreeStyle Libre. It is not only is it accessible, affordable, but it's easy to use, it's easy to start patients on the product. So I think that we've seen that play out here even within the situation that we saw with COVID in the U.S.
 And you're right in international business has done very, very well, growing at very high rates, and that's off a very, very large base. So I'm very pleased with the international business. I think there's more work to be done there for sure. We're starting to roll out the Libre 2 product in Europe and in the international markets a little bit more intentionally with that expansion. I think we showed some of our accuracy data on Libre 2 in the European conference beginning of this month, and I think that's going to help fuel a lot of our growth also in the international markets, too. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
David Lewis: Robert, just a couple of quick questions for me. I guess the first thing, just sort of thinking about recovery. You gave some comments on China. But I wonder where is China right now as a kind of a percent of prior normal. In the U.S., have you seen week over week, the business get softer. Has the U.S. sort of reached some stabilization at a trough? And then just more broadly, how are you thinking about sort of recovery kind of across the quarters this year? Any qualitative commentary would be helpful. And then I have a quick follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So just on your question on China, I mean, it's an important market for us, but we're not overly reliant on China. But let me put the -- let me put your general demand question here, I think, a little bit into context, and I'll kind of walk through what we saw in the quarter geographically and across the businesses and then talk a little bit about how we see the rest of the year going.
 But if you look at our business and break them out into 2 groups, I would say, more hospital-based demand generation businesses and then the second part, more consumer-based demand businesses, they're about 50-50 -- roughly 50-50 in size. And we don't tend to look at our businesses that way, David. But I think as we looked at coronavirus and started to look at our models, we started to look at this approach here by looking at hospital and consumer base.
 On the consumer-based side businesses, so you look at our EPD business, our Nutrition business, our Diabetes Care business, all of them performed in the quarter very, very well. They all performed in line with our trends, with our targets, with our aspirations, with the execution of our growth strategies. Obviously, the exception to that was some parts of our Nutrition business, where we did see pantry loading as a result of some of -- towards the end of March there, where we saw a lot of consumers try to stock up and get ready. But excluding that, all of them kind of performed well and on target. And obviously, there was increased demand for some of these products, and our supply chain was resilient, was able to fulfill them. So I see those businesses kind of going forward, performing at the same kind of trend, at the same rate that we have been seeing. Obviously, we might see a little bit of Nutrition in the second quarter, adjust a little bit. But overall, I see these businesses performing at the same kind of trend.
 If we look at the hospital-based businesses, so think about that as kind of the more core lab testing, our Cardiovascular portfolio, even to some extent, our Neuromodulation business, even though it's not hospitals, it's more ASC, we definitely saw a decrease in those procedures, in those elective procedures and in that routine testing. And even within those, you see some differentiation. So we didn't see our Heart Failure business get impacted that much because those are life-saving devices versus an EP ablation procedure that was more elective and could be pushed out. So -- but in general, I would say, testing and procedures, we saw that drop.
 We collect daily device implant data and we collect daily hospital diagnostic testing data. And we collect it on a global basis. So I think we've got a pretty robust set of information that we can look at here as we start to observe kind of the trends that we saw in the quarter. And as we shared, we're starting to see an improving trend here in China. It's not to the level that we saw in our normal levels, pre-COVID, say, December, January kind of rates. But they're definitely not as low as where they were in February. And we're starting to kind of see them every week, get better and better and getting closer to those levels that we saw pre-COVID.
 We've seen other markets around the world, whether that's Asia or some of the other European smaller markets there, where we've seen the beginning of the same kind of recovery trend that we saw in China. So starting to see some of the beginning of that recovery. And then in other markets, we're seeing kind of just this flattening and a stabilization here that's suggesting here that the speed of the virus is a little bit more controlled.
 So if I look at this data, and we've looked at it various different ways. We've run a lot of different forecast models and sensitivities here. There's a couple of things that I can see ahead of us here, right? The first one is Q2 will likely be our toughest quarter in the year, especially, I would say, for our core lab business and our cardio and neuro businesses. This will probably be our toughest quarter for those. And I think our consumer businesses will continue to perform at the trends and dynamics that I just explained.
 The second thing that we can see here based on our modeling, based on the data that we're seeing from -- that we're collecting on a daily basis is that we can see a recovery into Q3 and into Q4 especially for these more elective procedures. There are some that, yes, you can push out, but they are important. They are life-saving. They are solving some significant problems, whether it's a stent, a pacemaker, repairing a mitral valve. We will see those start to come back the same way that we started to see in some of the earlier markets that have kind of -- that they are further along in the recovery. I don't believe that they're going to come back at the same speed that they came down. But like I said, these are important procedures, and I do see them coming back. I've -- talking to a lot of health systems, a lot of CEOs from health systems, and they are -- they're already talking about how they are planning to start to work with some of those elective procedures. 
 It will be a V-shape. I don't think it will be -- I think the right-hand side of that V-shape will be definitely a little less steeper than the left-hand side of that V-shape. But I think we're going to see that recovery in Q3 and Q4, at least that's what our data is suggesting. Clearly, it's quite possible that other industries might take longer to recover. But I think for health care, the data our modeling here suggests the kind of recovery that I've just described.
 And the third thing we can see here clearly is that testing is going to play a major role here at getting back to work, getting back to school, getting people back to factories, back to distribution centers, et cetera. And we know that this is a 24/7 type of work that our teams need to do to be able to kind of scale up. And I think that the sales ramp and potential, et cetera, is really going to be guided by our manufacturing ramp up and our ability to kind of deliver on that manufacturing ramp up. And I think that we've been batting at a very high average here based on the commitments that we've made.
 So when you look at all of that and you put all of this into context here, we have decided here to suspend our guidance. We're usually right here to the penny every quarter, and it's going to be -- right now, it's going to be very difficult to be able to get that right to the penny going forward. But I believe that we'll be in a position to give, I'd say, some more qualitative update sometime in the quarter. And depending on how that goes, we might be able to -- be able to give guidance in the second half here. So I've looked at the consensus that's been put out there. I mean we beat the revised consensus across our business. I'll leave the consensus where it is right now, given that it is a pretty fluid situation. But I think we could do better. But there's just too much it depends on right now for us. So we're going to keep on focusing on what we're doing, and sometime throughout the quarter here, if we feel that we're in a better position to be able to give some more qualitative assessment and guidance, we'll do that. 
David Lewis: Okay. That's actually very specific, probably more than I hoped for. And then in terms of the second question, just you've probably been less active on growth-oriented M&A these last couple of years than some of your peers, but you're going to emerge from this pandemic crisis with probably the strongest balance sheet in large-cap device. So how are we thinking about your interest in -- buybacks, I imagine, are less of your focus, but your interest in opportunistic M&A here coming out of this crisis? 
Robert Ford: Sure. Listen, I'd say right now, we've done a lot of work on our balance sheet over the last couple of years. We've talked a lot about the work we've done to improve our leverage ratios, the work that the organization has done to improve our cash conversion cycle. So yes, our financial strength here is very strong.
 As Bob talked about, we've got a strong cash position here towards the end of the quarter, close to $4 billion. We have access to credit facilities. And we've got businesses that are strong cash flow generators, and that's going to be important as we go forward. We don't have a lot of debt maturing or coming due here in the next couple of years.
 So I don't foresee our capital allocation strategy here to kind of really change at this point. Where -- we have a strong dividend, we pay a strong dividend, and we're going to continue to do that. That's an important part of our identity. We haven't done a lot of share repurchases historically. Most of the time when we do that, it's really just to try and offset some of the dilution. I think Bob and the finance team, I would say, is definitely looking at our CapEx and our CapEx spending. I don't -- we'll probably see some slowdown a little bit in that. And the team -- I know Bob is kind of working on that. We'll see how that's going to look like but that will just be a factor of getting the work done. And right now, there are some of our projects that require people to be building sites, et cetera. So we'll continue to focus on that. We'll continue to build our capacity expansions that we've talked about in the past. But we'll probably see some phasing a little bit over there.
 And on your question on M&A, I mean, I'm not really looking at anything. As we talked about it, there's an opportunistic side to it and then there's a strategic side to it. And on the strategic side, I just don't see anything right now that fits what we want to do and where we want to go. And quite frankly, our execution here -- again, going back and maybe this sounds a little bit broken record here, but we've just got so many opportunities in our existing portfolio to keep on focusing on, and now you layer on top of that the opportunity we have on our testing platforms. So our big focus here is on internal execution. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. 
Robert Hopkins: Just a couple of quick questions. First, I wanted to kind of circle back to testing, specifically regarding the 2 COVID-19 tests that are being run, on ID NOW and m2000. I just wanted to be super clear on where you are today in terms of shipping capacity. Is it that 5 million per month that you talked about? And also, can you give us a sense as we look forward, given the critical importance of these tests, kind of where you'll be, say, maybe midyear in terms of testing and shipping capacity? 
Robert Ford: Sure. On the testing side, I mean, we talked about achieving a manufacturing ramp up here as we come out of the gates with the ID NOW platform at about 1.5 million tests, and we're on target to do that definitely throughout the middle of this month here. And we're making improvements in the manufacturing process and adding more shifts, et cetera, to be able to expand that to get to 2 million tests by June. And that's what we've talked about. And right now, we're on plan, on target to be able to kind of deliver on that expansion.
 Obviously, we need more than 2 million of the ID NOW tests, so we're looking at how we can ramp up. As I explained in the beginning, on the first question, these manufacturing processes are highly precise, highly automated, so that we can get the performance and reliability of the product. So these involve making -- setting up manufacturing lines and you don't do those in a week or 2 weeks. So there's a lot of work going on there, but we know we need to -- we know that there's a need for more ID NOW tests.
 And on the m2000, we made the commitment here to ship 1 million tests in the month of March, which we did. We talked about shipping 4 million tests in the month of April, and we're on target to do that, to manufacture 4 million tests, and we're on target to do that. We've moved the team along to find ways that we can expand that, and the teams are working on that also. So I'd say right now, that 5 million tests mark on those 2 tests is where we're at. And as we make progress with our manufacturing ramp-ups, we will be clear about what the market can expect from. 
Robert Hopkins: Great. And then one follow-up on the same sort of topic. Congratulations on the new serology test that you just announced. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about sensitivity and specificity data relating to that test. And whether you think the high levels that have been quoted are kind of sustainable when you think about general population testing? 
Robert Ford: Yes, to answer your question on the accuracy. Right now, the label we have is, if you do the test 14 days post symptoms, the sensitivity of the test is 100% and the specificity of that test is 99.5%, and that's over 1,000 samples. So I think we've got a very, very accurate, reliable test here to be able to work on. Obviously, if you try and do this test 5 days after you've been exposed to the virus, your body hasn't produced enough antibodies to be able to be detected at a reliable, accurate level. So that's why when I talked about how we've set up our tests, the forms, the different form factors, that the use of the antibody test is more to look towards a couple of weeks after somebody has been exposed. Have they built enough antibodies that they've defeated the virus? So that's the data. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore. 
Vijay Kumar: Congratulations, guys. Two questions for me. So one, maybe on the near term. I guess when you think about the serology test and applicability to opening up the economy, there are some issues around prevalence rates and false positives and is this now paving the way for a second wave of infection. So maybe address that? I mean how these tests could be deployed perhaps in helping us open up the economy? And one other -- when you think about your employees getting back to work, what signs are you looking for to completely open up workforce and let employees back? 
Robert Ford: Sure. I mean as I said, we have to look at the suite of tests as not -- one test is not the panacea. You need to look at the comprehensive suite of testing and deploy them in the right ways over here. As I said, I think the serology test here is very reliable as we roll this out for the antibodies. We're working on an IgG -- on an IgM antibody test also.
 Obviously, as companies are thinking about coming back to work, the way we're looking at this a little bit is, okay, we know that there's going to be a little bit different -- work a little bit differently the way we've historically been working. So maybe not a lot of big kind of meetings. 20 people, 30 people in the meeting rooms will probably be a little bit different than that. I think we'll see people wearing masks. I think we'll see more cleaning of door knobs and elevator buttons and all of that. And I think that's ongoing right now. I think there are a lot of companies that are doing this right now, and that seems to be working. So if you now add on to all of those protocols kind of the lateral flow test here that's got a very strong sensitivity, reliability, et cetera, and you add that on and you can test at companies using an occupational health team, et cetera, that will be an additional layer of security, of testing that will be on top of like thermometers and everything I just described also.
 So I think it's going to be an important tool. And I think that we've talked about this a lot in terms of microclimates. We try to think about everybody coming back at once, and then you use all this data that you just referenced, prevalence and sensitivity and specificity, and you try and look at that at very large populations. We need to think about it more in terms of like a factory, an office building, a school. And then running these tests will allow you to -- on top of what you are doing, provide another tool to be able to assist companies and schools, et cetera, get people back to work. So I think that's how, at least, we're looking at it, and I think how I've heard other companies looking at how to reopen, how to get back. 
Vijay Kumar: Yes, that's helpful. And then maybe one -- so a bigger picture question or maybe this is more -- help us understand on how we should be thinking about the future. Because when I look at 2021, and obviously, I'm not asking for guidance. We know '20 was impacted. But what is the right base to be looking at procedure volumes, right? When you look at the underlying rate of incidence and prevalence pool for disease states, those really haven't changed. So if we don't have a, knock wood, a second wave of infection coming in or next year being impacted, should we be looking at procedure volumes in '19 as the base, the right base to build off? Or should we be -- there are some issues on hospital capacity constraints. And should we be looking at the depressed 2020 procedure numbers as the right base to looking at how those numbers could track -- trend next year? 
Robert Ford: Well, I can appreciate you trying to figure out 2021 already, Vijay, but listen, I think it's pretty tough right now for us to figure out how exactly Q2 is going to look like, let alone next year. But I think you raised some of the unknowns here that really make it difficult to predict how fast the economy recovers, how fast hospitals return to normalcy, how does our testing platform and how's the testing environment evolved.
 Listen, we're all hoping for a fast recovery here, but if it takes longer, we'll have strong demand for testing. And that will continue to help buffer the impact. I do think there's a lot of pent-up demand here on cardiovascular devices and diagnostics. And I think hospitals are figuring out how they're going to get back to work. I think there's a lot of patients that are in need of care. And I think that -- I can't -- I don't know if we can predict exactly when it's going to come back. But I do think that when it does come back, I think you'll see these device procedures, which are extremely important -- as truly important in the care continuum, et cetera, that we will see them come back.
 So that's probably my best answer for you is I believe that we'll see a recovery towards the second half of this year in these elective procedures. And you can kind of try and model out what kind of V-shape is it. Is it -- does it look more like an L? Does it look more like a V? Is it something in between, et cetera? But I think that's how, at least, we're looking at the rest of this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor with UBS. 
Matthew Taylor: So first question, I just wanted to follow-up on the testing since it's so important and certainly commend the team for their efforts in getting those out so quickly. So it's 2 part. One is, you mentioned in the earlier remarks that there's been a lot of commentary about difficulty in the testing market. It's not only due to kits, but folks have mentioned swabs and reagents and other things like that. I was just wondering from your perspective -- I'm sure you're getting a lot of feedback on this. What do you think is the biggest challenge out there in terms of getting access to testing now? And how do you see that improving over the next weeks and months? And then on -- yes, go ahead, sorry. 
Robert Ford: No. So on the question there of testing and testing supplies and shortages there, I mean I think when you look at kind of what we've done, I mean, we've made sure, obviously, that when we ship out our test, they have everything they need to test, whether it's controls, calibrators, whether it's swabs and ID NOW, those come together here. So from Abbott's perspective, we're trying to make sure that they have everything that they need.
 I do think that some of the challenges you have is potentially workflow. At least for us, we've got our m2000s. They're in regional hospitals, regional labs, which is a good thing because you can now have not only your big central labs doing a lot of centralization, but then you can use the regional network to be able to get to test. 
 And I just think it's a workflow process here, how to get the samples. I think a lot of hospitals might not want to be doing a lot of mass testing into the hospital. So how do you collect the samples? And then how you bring them into the hospital? And then how do you get them out? So I think that's probably one of the bigger challenges. And I think that the team, whether it's on the federal government side and also with a lot of governors, are figuring this out. And they're sharing how they're doing it and sharing best practices. And at least on our side, we're starting to see a ramp-up here on the m2000. But there's obviously more that they can do. 
Matthew Taylor: Okay. And then one follow-up on that. I think on Bob's question, you commented on the accuracy of the serology test, which is high. Could you comment on the accuracy of the other tests, your confidence in them with smaller samples that you had to get out quickly and the relative importance of the 2 serology tests in determining who's had the virus and who has immunity? 
Robert Ford: Yes, sure. So on the molecular test, listen, molecular test is the gold standard for accuracy. RNA testing, testing viral load, et cetera, is the gold standard. And if you look at how we did the test, obviously, it's -- it was worked in conjunction with the FDA, using a testing model that was provided by the FDA. The tests are performed at 100% of the expected outcomes in the samples for both negative and positive results. So I think the ID NOW system is very reliable.
 The other, m2000, we use levels of detection. And I mean, you can go through levels of detection labels, and you could see the accuracy and reliability of the m2000 versus the other systems that have been approved also. So -- and as I said, the use of the antibody test is just going to be an important tool in conjunction with kind of molecular testing to be able to screen, test and manage the population. So we'll see how that's going to kind of roll out, and it will follow kind of the vision that we've kind of thought of, having both a lab-based system and a lateral flow-based system. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Robert, let me just ask one multipart device question. On 2 milestones we're waiting for, the MitraClip FMR, NCD, any update there? And of course, Libre 2, any update on the status there? Just lastly, any other time lines in devices that could be impacted by coronavirus would be helpful. 
Robert Ford: Sure, Larry. I was waiting for the Libre question. Let me answer your CMS question over here on secondary MR. As you as you'd expect under these circumstances here, CMS has delayed the issuance of the proposed NCD. We were previously expecting that to be mid-February. But given the current circumstances, the delay here isn't really having an impact on our business. I'm confident in the process. I'm confident that we've been working with them and the different societies over here. And this will move forward on the appropriate time.
 On Libre 2, I guess I sound like a broken record here, Larry, but what I'll say is, I'm very confident in the product the same way that I've been saying. I'm confident. I mean I think some of you might have seen the accuracy data that we published at the European conference beginning of February. So I'm very encouraged about resolving these -- some of these kind of open items here in the near future with the FDA. We're just working through some finishing items. So -- but like I said, that's not holding back Libre or Libre's growth here. So more to come. 
Larry Biegelsen: Yes. Anything else though that we should be aware of that could be impacted on the device side from a time line standpoint? 
Robert Ford: Yes, there's been some discussion on clinical trial and clinical trial regulatory time lines here. Our near-term forecast here wasn't really overly reliant on kind of any patient enrollment end points. There's obviously been some delays in some of the enrollment, and as we've seen a kind of mandate here to pause some of these procedures here. So -- but I think once this is over, for the ongoing trials that have kind of longer time lines here, we'll look at opportunities that we'll have to accelerate enrollment and make up for some time here.
 So let me just say here then, closing here. I think we had a pretty unusual quarter here for us. I think you saw the strength of our diversified business model come through here in true strength. Some parts of the business, we did have some challenges, as I've described. Other parts of the business have been pretty stable, and I think they'll continue to be pretty stable. And then there are others that are performing at very high levels. And I think we'll start to see on the testing side, how fast we can ramp up. The team here has done an amazing job around the world, not only to develop the test, but also the manufacturing, the supply chain teams across the world, across our network have done an incredible job.
 I think our -- I said our financial strength here is pretty strong. I think we had that question here, and we'll continue to look at ways to improve on that. And as I said, we believe that there is a recovery, and we'll start to see that, I believe, in the Q3, Q4 time frame. I think health care is a little bit different than you might expect from maybe other industries. So once we get better -- a better sense of how that's going to look like towards the second half of the year, we'll definitely be updating and providing some more qualitative updates on that. So okay. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good. All right. Well, thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central time today, on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-21 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission. 
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Robert Ford, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks. Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, we'll take your questions. 
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2020. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Please note that financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. 
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in our earnings news release issued earlier today. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles. 
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, Scott. Good morning. 2019 was another highly successful year for Abbott. Our focused execution resulted in strong financial performance, including ongoing earnings per share of $3.24, reflecting 12.5% growth on an absolute basis and even higher growth when excluding the impact of currency. All 4 of our businesses performed well, contributing to full year organic sales growth of more than 7.5%, which is above the guidance range we set at the beginning of last year. The successful year was capped off by a strong fourth quarter with organic sales growth of 8.5%, including double-digit sales growth in Medical Devices, Established Pharmaceuticals and Core Laboratory Diagnostics, along with ongoing EPS growth of more than 17%. 
 Our consistent strong performance demonstrates that our business model is working exactly as intended. We've built the company very deliberately through a multiyear process to deliver superior results for years to come. We've shaped our businesses to align with important trends to make sure we're in the right places with the right products. And we've targeted businesses that are focused on some of the world's greatest health care concerns. For example, diabetes and cardiovascular disease are 2 of the most significant health care challenges of our lifetime. They are chronic, long-lasting and dramatically increasing in prevalence around the world. 
 Nearly every health care decision begins with a diagnostic test. And this testing not only occurs in the traditional hospital setting but also increasingly at alternate sites such as physicians' offices, pharmacies and even at home. Proper nutrition is a foundational element of good health across every stage of life, whether you're a newborn baby, a child striving to grow or an aging adult working to overcome a health condition. And access to health care continues to expand rapidly in emerging markets where 85% of the world's population resides. 
 We've shaped our company to achieve scale and leadership positions in all of these areas. The investments we've made and our focus on execution are working. Our product pipelines are strong. Our operating culture is strong, and we're well positioned to achieve sustainable strong growth for years to come. 
 For 2020, we're forecasting another year of top-tier financial performance. As we announced this morning, we forecast organic sales growth of 7% to 8% and adjusted earnings per share of $3.55 to $3.65, reflecting double-digit growth. 
 I'll now provide a brief overview of our 2019 results and 2020 outlook for each business. And I'll start with Diagnostics where sales grew 6.5% in the fourth quarter, led by double-digit growth in Core Laboratory Testing. The rollout of Alinity continues to go well in Europe where we're winning new business at a high rate and successfully renewing existing contracts that come up for bid. We continue to expand our rollout of Alinity systems across multiple key markets, including the U.S. where last year we obtained FDA approval of Alinity for blood and plasma screening and have made significant progress obtaining regulatory approvals for a critical mass of our immunoassay and clinical chemistry test menu. 
 I'll turn now to Nutrition where sales increased 6% in the quarter, led by strong growth across several countries and segments of our business, including Southeast Asia and Latin America, across both Pediatric and Adult Nutrition as well as above-market growth in the U.S. 
 In Pediatric Nutrition, growth was driven by PediaSure, our nutrition solution to help kids grow and thrive; and Pedialyte, our oral rehydration product, which continues to see unprecedented uptake with both children and adults. 
 In Adult Nutrition, global growth of 10% in the fourth quarter was led by Ensure, our leading complete and balanced nutrition brand; and Glucerna, our leading brand for people with diabetes. 
 Moving now to Medical Devices where sales increased nearly 11.5% in the fourth quarter led by double-digit growth in Structural Heart, Diabetes Care, Electrophysiology and Heart Failure. In Structural Heart, sales increased 17% in the fourth quarter. Over the last couple of years, our portfolio and long-term growth opportunities in this area have strengthened considerably. We've been building our position organically in this area for quite some time when in 2017, the combination with St. Jude created what I'd now consider a best-in-class Structural Heart portfolio. 
 MitraClip, our market-leading device for the minimally invasive treatment of mitral regurgitation or leaky heart valve, is the cornerstone of our portfolio with annual sales this past year of nearly $700 million, growing 30%. Last year, we obtained an important new indication in the U.S. that significantly expands the number of people that can be treated with MitraClip. And just last week, we announced that we're initiating a clinical trial that offers the potential to expand the treatable patient population even further. 
 Beyond MitraClip, several exciting technologies are expected to emerge from our Structural Heart pipeline in 2020, including CE Mark approvals for TriClip, a first-of-its-kind technology to repair leaky tricuspid heart valves; and for Tendyne, which targets replacement of the mitral valve as well as U.S. approval of Portico for transcatheter aortic valve replacement. 
 Turning now to Diabetes Care where sales increased nearly 35% in the quarter led by FreeStyle Libre, our revolutionary continuous glucose monitoring system. Several years back, we saw an opportunity to approach continuous glucose monitoring or CGM in a fundamentally different manner compared to others in the space. We challenged ourselves to rethink existing paradigms as we sought to develop a solution that would truly benefit the mass population of people living with diabetes around the world. That aspiration influenced every aspect of Libre: highly accurate, simple to use, particularly affordable and easy for patients to access. The results of our unique approach have been remarkable by any measure. Libre has quickly become the global market-leading wearable CGM. Its user base has roughly doubled each year to its current level of approximately 2 million users globally, including the highest user base among CGMs in the U.S. Reimbursement coverage has ramped up quickly around the world as payers increasingly recognize its highly differentiated value proposition. And it's the only CGM that's widely available through the pharmacy channel, which is a significant benefit for patients as it simplifies the process of acquiring the product. 
 In 2019, Libre achieved full year sales approaching $2 billion, an increase of 70% versus the prior year. And importantly, as we plan for the substantial growth opportunity to come, we significantly expanded our manufacturing capacity to keep up with anticipated demand for this life-changing technology. 
 Now I'll wrap up with Established Pharmaceuticals or EPD where sales increased 10% in the quarter, led by growth across several geographies in Latin America and Asia. For the full year, sales increased 7% for the second year in a row as this business continues to execute its unique branded generic strategy in emerging markets. These markets are growing rapidly, their populations are aging, their middle classes are expanding, and health care spending is increasing due to improving access to health care. Our strategy to build significant presence and scale in these markets is unique and continues to result in strong growth. 
 So in summary, this was another highly successful year with strong performance across our businesses. We continue to strengthen our leadership positions in some of the largest and fastest-growing areas in health care, and we're entering 2020 with great momentum across our businesses and targeting another year of strong organic sales growth and double-digit EPS growth. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our 2019 results and 2020 outlook in more detail. Brian? 
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Miles. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance. 
 Turning to our results. Sales for the fourth quarter increased 8.5%. Exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 1.4% on fourth quarter sales. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 59.4% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 6.7% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 28.3% of sales. 
 The fourth quarter adjusted tax rate was 12.8%, lower than our previous full year guidance of around 14.5% due to continued implementation of and adaptation to the U.S. tax reform regulations. Our fourth quarter tax rate reflects the aggregate adjustment to achieve our full year revised effective tax rate of 14%. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full year 2020. Today, we issued guidance for adjusted earnings per share of $3.55 to $3.65. For the full year, we forecast organic sales growth of 7% to 8%. And based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 0.5% on our full year reported sales. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 59% of sales for the full year, which reflects underlying gross margin improvement across our businesses, offset by the impacts of investments to support the rapid market adoption of our Alinity diagnostic systems, investments in Libre and MitraClip manufacturing capacity expansions and the impact of currency mix. 
 We forecast adjusted R&D investment of approximately 7% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 29.5% of sales. We forecast net interest expense of around $515 million and nonoperating income of around $200 million. Lastly, we forecast an adjusted tax rate of 13.5% to 14% for the full year 2020. 
 Turning to our outlook for the first quarter. We forecast adjusted EPS of $0.69 to $0.71, which reflects double-digit growth. We forecast organic sales growth of around 7% and, at current rates, would expect exchange to have a negative impact of a little more than 1% on our first quarter reported sales. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of somewhat above 58.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of somewhat above 7% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 32% of sales. Lastly, we forecast net interest expense of around $130 million in the first quarter. 
 Before we open the call for questions, I'll now provide a quick overview of our first quarter and full year organic sales growth outlook by business. For Established Pharmaceuticals, we forecast mid- to high single-digit growth for both the first quarter and the full year. In Nutrition, we forecast growth of around 4% for the full year and growth of 3% to 4% for the first quarter. In Diagnostics, we forecast mid- to high single-digit growth for both the first quarter and full year. And in Medical Devices, we forecast double-digit growth, similar to last year, for both the first quarter and full year. 
 With that, we will now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. 
Robert Hopkins: Oh, great. So I guess first, Miles, congratulations on such an incredible run of 20-plus years of value creation. Obviously, an incredibly impressive track record. And in light of that, now the first question, I'd love to ask both you and Robert to comment on a topic that I know is on the minds of most investors from a big-picture perspective. And that is the durability of the incredible 7% revenue growth outlook that you guys have expressed for 2020 and beyond. And the main reason I want to ask that question is that when you take a step back, there is no other company in med tech modeling anything close to that kind of growth off of that large of a base especially for multiple years. So Miles, for you, I guess just if you wouldn't mind providing some big-picture thoughts on that durability topic. And then for Robert, maybe getting a little bit more specific on the product areas that give you the confidence long term and whether or not M&A or divestitures could play a slightly bigger role going forward to help you maintain that level of growth. 
Miles White: Bob, this is Miles. The temptation to sort of say something that sticks my successor with just unbelievable goals for the future, et cetera, is overwhelming, so I'm going to speak first. Seriously, we have been building what we've got here for an extended period of time. It didn't just happen. It's not based on a single driving product or driving business. It's actually quite broad-based across all of our businesses. And while a lot of people have commented to me or us that, "Gee, you've got the law of big numbers and hard for a big company to grow, et cetera," we don't actually feel like that big a company. And we don't necessarily feel, even though we've got leading positions in so many of our businesses, we don't actually feel like the law of big numbers is working against us. We feel like the opportunity for growth, if you've got an innovative pipeline and you're in markets where there's a natural tailwind of growth demographically or from an innovation standpoint and so on, I don't really think that this whole notion of, gee, our size or big numbers applies. If we were a tech company, you wouldn't be asking us that because we'd be too small. 
 So I think if we look at the size of the opportunities, where we've placed the company and its businesses and the portfolio of products and geographies and so forth, I think there's enormous market opportunity that's untapped. And I think there's enormous penetration to be tapped. And I think there's some obvious examples out there. And fortunately, in all of our businesses, I think every one of them is innovating and creating new products and innovating to replace older products in a way that's really never been true before. And it's across the board. 
 And so as we look forward at that and model it, we think our growth rates are sustainable. How far out are they sustainable? I don't know, but years anyway. And are we going to have speed bumps? We're going to have speed bumps of our own making. We're going to have speed bumps from trade. We're going to have speed bumps from exchange. We're going to have speed bumps in any number of ways as all companies have and do. And yet we -- and we have them now, and we're still growing at a very healthy, strong rate. And I credit the innovation pipeline, some smart acquisitions at the right time with the right businesses, the right strategies, the right fits. I credit the execution of our organization and the culture of execution that is here. 
 I have super confidence in my successor, no qualms. The minute you retire, everybody thinks you ought to diversify your holdings because you're too concentrated in one thing. I only wish I had more. And I'll remind him every day that I'm a shareholder, but -- which he knows. But I have nothing but confidence in the pipeline, the management, the products, the strategies and the new leader who's going to take over from me. I have tremendous confidence in Robert, and he's got all the abilities, all the skills, et cetera. 
 So we can keep talking about the law of big numbers, and gee, how do you grow on this base? We don't feel slowed or anything by that. We feel like we've got tremendous opportunity to sustain our growth rates. 
Robert Ford: Yes. Bob, this is Robert here. As you're aware, under Miles' leadership the last 20-plus years, Abbott's been reshaped several times. I was close to him and to the Board when we went with this last reshaping of the company to really position and align our businesses to kind of high-growth markets, geographies, et cetera. And as Miles said, it wasn't just the acquisition piece of it, which was important, but it was also how we looked at our internal R&D, our internal innovation and how we thought about it. So obviously, with the transition here as CEO, there's the natural question of the incoming, do they think differently? Is there a change in strategy? Is it a different way of thinking? And I can tell you, I'm very much aligned with Miles. We see things very similar as it relates to our strategy, how we operate, the philosophy of the company, the vision we have for Abbott. And in the last 18 months, for me in particular, to be kind of close to Miles during this transition period, being closer to him with his mentorship and learning how he has been able to kind of create value, as you referenced in the beginning there, that leaves me with my #1 priority to do that is to really execute, as Miles said, on these organic growth opportunities we have. 
 And we have multiple growth drivers, as you know, Bob, that, in my opinion, they're in their very early stages. Whether it's Libre, the Alinity rollouts, our rejuvenated cardiovascular portfolio, I think we've got a great opportunity in our adult international nutrition business; our branded generic pharmaceutical business in the emerging markets, which is a very unique strategy. So I look at all of that, and your question of how sustainable is this? I think all these opportunities are in the early stages here. And it's really going to be up to me and the team here to make sure that we maximize on all of these opportunities. So we've got a portfolio that's aligned to the biggest areas of medical need, attractive geographies. As Miles said about the pipeline, it's a very rich pipeline. We talk about how this pipeline has evolved and how we haven't seen as rich as a pipeline at Abbott in a long time. And it's a nice cadence also. It's not just a kind of one and done. We've got multiple kind of rollouts here. 
 Our -- the way we operate is very strong. Miles talked about our culture. We set high aspirations for ourselves, and we do have a culture of accountability of execution. And then you layer that in with 100,000 of colleagues around the world that are passionate. They care about what they're doing. They believe in what we're doing. They believe in our strategy. I think we've got all the elements here to be able to sustain this kind of growth rate going forward. 
Robert Hopkins: Great. That's super helpful. Just one super short follow-up on diabetes. Robert, if you wouldn't mind, just give us a quick update on Libre 2 time lines and your thoughts there. And then if you're willing to give us a sense for, in your 2020 guidance, what sort of growth assumption are you making for Libre in 2020? 
Robert Ford: Sure. So on Libre 2, specifically last October, I mentioned that we were working through a handful of issues. Quite frankly, we encountered these handful of issues in other parts of our businesses too. So it's nothing that for us is terribly surprising. It's normal. I'm not going to go into any of the real specifics here. But what I will say, Bob, is that since that time in October, I'm very pleased with the progress that we've made. And I continue to be very confident in Libre 2 and its performance and the product itself and in its iCGM label. 
 So regarding the guidance on Libre 2, what I can tell you is that we've got a lot of growth. We -- our guidance contemplates a lot of Libre growth. So we're not necessarily differentiating here between 1 and 2. But if you look at our Q4, we had a great Q4 with Libre, and that's without Libre 2 in the U.S. It was a great way to exit and to enter 2020. As Miles said, we're the market leader in CGM in revenue and in the amount of patients, and we're growing at twice the rate. 
 Our strategy here has always been -- Miles talked about challenging some of the paradigms. It has always been, from the moment we launched, to look at this as a more kind of consumer retail, kind of Web shop online play here. So when you look at our Q4, you don't see that kind of big Q4 spike and then drop in Q1, which you usually see from kind of medical benefit DME products. Our growth is very kind of consistent and sequential. 
 The U.S. has done very well in the year. Obviously, we want to do better, but we exited the year with well over 0.5 million patients in the U.S. We set up some goals for 2019 as it relates to distribution, payer coverage in the U.S., formulary positions. And we exited 2019 exactly where we wanted to be with all of those goals all favorable to Libre. 
 So our focus in the U.S. in 2020 here is really to take advantage of what we've established in terms of the infrastructure and drive demand. So you'll see more TV advertising. You'll see more sales force expansion. You'll see more partnerships and execution of those partnerships. You'll see more sampling. And I think that, that same momentum that you see in the U.S. is also there in our international markets, which is obviously a much larger base for us, and we saw great momentum in Q4. 
 So our 2020 here is really focusing on international markets is expanding Libre into geographies that we haven't yet launched. We were capacity constrained in 2019, so there are several markets that we haven't launched. And we've put in place now plans to roll Libre into those new geographies and roll out Libre 2 into some of those Libre 1 markets. 
 One thing I think is important to kind of put front and center here is the clinical aspect of Libre. It is the most studied CGM right now. And if you look at the data, whether it's our data, whether it's real-world evidence data, whether it's third-party government-sponsored trials, they all say the same thing, which is people that use Libre have better outcomes. They live better. Their A1c drops. Their hypo drops. Their rate of hospitalization goes down. So the value proposition that we've always envisioned for Libre, not only is it intact, but we actually see it growing. It's an easy-to-use, intuitive, consumer-friendly product that delivers the outcomes that are real and measurable, and it's priced for mass adoption. It's affordable. 
 We always saw the therapy benefit not only for type 1s and for pumpers. We saw this therapy benefit for people that were on one-shot-a-day insulin, oral med patients. So we always looked at this market to be 80 million to 100 million people. Now is it going to penetrate all 100 million people? That might be a little bit too aspirational. But what I would say is that is it more than 2 million, 3 million, 5 million, 10 million people? Absolutely. And that's how we're building our strategy: investing in the product, investing in awareness and investing in the scalability so we can capitalize on this opportunity. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: I'll echo Bob's sentiment. Miles, sorry to see you go, but we're very happy to have someone so confident as Robert step in. Maybe if we could turn to Structural Heart. I was wondering if you could give an update on where we are with reimbursement and MitraClip. And then also, a bit more broadly, Miles, you talked about some of the new product launches we're going to see in 2020. Maybe you could just walk us through those and the expectations throughout the year. 
Robert Ford: So Robbie, I'll take that. On MitraClip, listen, we had a great quarter, had a great year. And as Miles said in his comments, about $700 million product growing at 30%. And the interesting thing here is that the penetration of the therapy is only at about 5%, right? So we see a long opportunity. 
 I talked about MitraClip being a multiyear, multibillion-dollar opportunity here, and there's several elements to that. CMS reimbursement is an important building block. We expect that sometime in Q2. But I've always said that it was more than just the CMS reimbursement for the indication expansion we got. We know that we need to be able to penetrate the therapy. We need to open new centers, make it more available to do that. We need to hire more reps, invest in field clinical teams to be able to get that penetration. And we've also invested in a lot of clinical evidence and building clinical evidence here. We just recently announced our study to investigate MitraClip in moderate-risk surgical patients. 
 So again, we've been investing to build this market. And obviously, MitraClip gets a lot of attention in the Structural Heart portfolio. But if I take a step back here, I think it's important that we look at -- we've always seen valvular heart disease as a big opportunity for Abbott, whether it's the demographics, whether it's the medical need. And we saw this unique opportunity with the St. Jude acquisition to put together our MitraClip capabilities with the portfolio of St. Jude and really create a stand-alone business unit that was best-in-class for Structural Heart, and we did that. And it's been about 2 years that we've done that. And I think we're seeing really the impact of the effect of a dedicated team, R&D, clinical. 
 And we've got a nice cadence of products coming out this year as a result of that work. We've got 2 new CE approvals that we expect this year. Miles mentioned them. TriClip, this is a modified version of our MitraClip to treat the leaky heart valve. We believe it's a big opportunity because therapy -- if mitral therapy is low, tricuspid leaky valve treatment or repair is even lower. So we know that -- we know how to build this. We did it with mitral, and we're going to go about doing it the same way, building the capabilities, the clinical evidence. 
 Another big opportunity we have is with Tendyne. This will be the first minimally invasive mitral replacement valve. So if you think about our team right now, we've built a lot of competency on mitral repair. And now we're going to put in the hands of this team not only the opportunity to offer repair but also a replacement solution that's minimally invasive. And I think there's a great opportunity for us in that space, too. Both those products are enrolling here in the U.S., so we do plan to bring those to the U.S. 
 On the aortic side, we've made investments on Portico. We knew that we needed to make some clinical and some R&D investments here to increase the competitiveness of the system. And we like the data. We think there's going to be a segment of the population, segment of the market that we will be able to compete effectively. It's under FDA review, and we expect approval shortly. 
 And then finally, on our structural interventions, this is a part of the portfolio that doesn't get a lot of attention here, but it's about 1/4 of our Structural Heart business. It's growing double digit. We've got great products there. We've seen a great ramp-up with our stroke prevention technology with PFO, our congenital business; and Amulet, which is right now under clinical evaluation in the U.S. for treatment of LAA. 
 So I take a step back here, I said, yes, MitraClip is a big growth driver. We've got a lot of things going right there. We're making the right investments from a clinical, from a commercial perspective. But I look at the portfolio that's been built here, and I'm very excited. It's very complete. It's very differentiated, and there's a nice cadence, Robbie, to the launches. 
Robert Marcus: Great. Appreciate that. And maybe just a quick follow-up. Alinity still hasn't really started to launch in the U.S., yet you put up 13% growth in core lab in the fourth quarter. How should we be thinking about the impact in 2020 from Alinity both in the U.S. and outside the U.S.? 
Robert Ford: Yes. I think that we're going to continue to see this kind of rollout of the Alinity platform. The challenge we had a little bit in the U.S., and Miles talked about the progress we made, is that when we launched it in Europe, we had a more complete kind of assay menu. And that allowed us to more -- with more intentionality go after the market, the existing accounts, new accounts. And in the U.S., we've now achieved, let's say, a critical mass of assay menu, test panel, et cetera, that allows us to have that same kind of intentionality we had in Europe, have that same intentionality move into the U.S. 
 Q4, we did have some capital sales, so that brings up the growth rate a little bit. But I think you're going to see the same kind of growth rate in the U.S., the same kind of ramp-up that we saw in Europe. 
Operator: And our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
David Lewis: I don't want to sound like a broken record, but I'll reiterate, Miles, there's some fairly significant and unique value creation over these last 20 years, so congratulations again on behalf of shareholders. Robert and Miles, just starting off with a couple of businesses that has lagged in 2019 that are actually showing some improvement here in the back half of '19, which were neuromodulation and CRM, some pretty decent improvement specifically in the fourth quarter. Wondering, Robert, if you can just talk through what specific changes have been made in those 2 businesses and how you're thinking about the outlook or sustainability of those franchises into 2020. And then I had a quick follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure. So let's start a little bit with neuro then. I mean I think we had a tough year, full year in neuro. When we came into the year, we talked about some of the challenges we were up against, and there are really 2 we had. Obviously, the sales force expansion and some of the disruption that, that created, but we felt it was important to do to make that sales force expansion. And then some of the market declines that we saw. We've kind of seen double-digit growth in the beginning of the year, kind of saw that go to flat and even negative growth rates. 
 So I think the sales force expansion piece, we kind of got past that in the middle of the year. It's a unique selling model. About 30% to 35% of our sales team in the U.S. was new. It was under a year, so we spent a lot of time getting them up to speed not only with their territories but how to go about the selling process, et cetera. And I think that's largely behind us. 
 Now obviously, if you look at the sales reps, the ones that have 7 to 10 years of experience, they're much more productive than the ones that have got 12 months. But we're seeing a nice, steady ramp-up in terms of the productivity of those new sales reps. 
 And the other thing we talked about was how innovation and new product launches could kind of fuel the market growth. And I think you saw that in Q4, not only with us but even with some of the other players in the market come out with new product launches, at least what I've seen now from some of the pre-announcements, having kind of an impact there. And so we came out with our product launch, Proclaim XR, early in Q4. And I think you saw the impact of that in Q4. I think it's a modest -- it was a modest improvement. We expect more. And a lot of our focus here in 2020 is going to be to ensure that this new sales team has got innovation to sell. So we're expanding our MRI portfolio. We know we need to do. We're launching a new radiofrequency ablation generator. This is an important part of our customers' practices, and we felt that we weren't as competitive with our offering there. So we've developed a new system that will be rolling out this year. 
 And we also believe that programming and connectivity, connectivity to devices, consumer devices is an important aspect of patient adoption of the therapy. So we'll continue to work on how we integrate the implanted device into those more consumer products. And so we've got a nice cadence of rollouts there. 
 And on the CRM side, we talked about this in the beginning of last year, we had -- we encountered some challenges. And we felt that one of the things that we needed to do for the CRM side was -- is to make sure it got more focus and more attention, not only from me obviously but from the management team. So we made an organizational structure change Q1 of last year, which got finalized in Q2, where we separated the CRM business from the EP business. And we didn't do it just from a field sales perspective. We did it really across all functions. So we have a dedicated CRM business unit with a dedicated leader, R&D, et cetera. And I think you've seen some of the output of that focus in the second half of the year. I would like to see a couple more quarters strung together. So that's what we're aspiring here to. 
 But I think one of the biggest impacts of that focus, obviously the field has an impact, but I'm more excited about the focus on the R&D side. I think we had kind of slowed down our R&D innovation over here. And that focus, that dedicated business unit focus, I think you'll see the output of that not only in 2020, we have a couple of product launches in the U.S., a new ICD, and in Europe also, but we've got plans for a nice cadence of innovation in '21 and '22. 
 So I'm excited about kind of what we've done there. Obviously, it's early innings in terms of this business unit to be creating, but I like what I see. 
David Lewis: Okay. And just 2 quick follow-ups for me. Just, Robert, on MitraClip, is there a specific embedded assumption in the guidance for MitraClip? And how acutely do you think we see that recovery in the back half? And then your margin guidance, about 50 basis points is a little lower than 2019, consistent with our numbers. But if you could just highlight 2 or 3 of the examples of significant reinvestment for growth in 2020, that would be super helpful. 
Robert Ford: So I just -- on your question about MitraClip, recovering growth, and I think we've been pretty strong in our growth rate. The U.S. has done very well. And what we saw in the international market, if that's what you're referring to, we did see that kind of impact of the -- some of the studies that came out in Europe impact us in the first quarter. But every quarter sequential to that, we've seen improvement, and I think we've passed that on. 
 Regarding the guidance, I mean we've got a lot of growth, as I said, with Libre. We've got a lot of growth here. We've contemplated, as I said, CMS approval. But I have been fairly consistent with this: CMS approval is going to be an important aspect here, but it's not just that, right? It's the -- we've been showing really strong growth in the U.S. even without the reimbursement. And that's a result of the investments that we've been making both from a field and clinical perspective. 
 And I'm sorry, what was the other question? 
Brian Yoor: It is on margin expansion. I'll start off by saying just margin improvement is an ongoing focus for us, David, has been and will continue to be, whether that's gross margin, whether that's the leverage we continue to get in SG&A. And yes, notably, we did see that this year. You may be off just a little bit from our model in the foreign currency mix. We have a little bit of a headwind next year. But we have a gross margin expansion plan underlying. But keep in mind, as Robert said, with these investments that we're doing for growth, whether that's continued Libre expansion, whether it's the most recent MitraClip expansion we announced as well as the unprecedented uptake of Alinity, that's presenting a little bit of a headwind. But that's a good news item in the short term. And longer term, you'll continue to see those gross margins expand as we look out over the years. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore. 
Vijay Kumar: Congrats on a really nice print here. One, maybe on Nutrition, the adult side is coming really strong. I know China has been a bit of a bother with some regulatory changes a couple of years ago. Could you comment on what you're seeing in China? Is Adult Nutrition back? Has something changed in China for you guys? 
Robert Ford: Well, listen, we achieved a pretty strong growth rate in Q4. And that's despite some of the softness that we did see in China. We talked a little bit about it in Q3, Vijay. We've seen some improvement, but some of those dynamics are still there, whether it's the birth rate or some of the kind of competitive intensity. We have obviously developed a plan here as we were going into Q4 and going into 2020 here. A big part of that strategy to address some of those competitive dynamics there is innovation and product launches. And we've put a plan together here. We've got a nice steady steam -- stream of cadence of launches in China. 
 But I do think that it does point out to the strength of our Nutrition business, that we're able to post this kind of growth rate despite still some continued softness in China. And I think that speaks to the strength of the business. Miles talked about we had some very strong growth in Southeast Asia and Latin America on both sides of the business, Pediatric and Adult. And I don't think that -- I think it shows this -- China is an important market for us for sure. It has our intentions -- our attention, but we're not overly reliant on it. 
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Robert. And one on Diagnostics. I know flu has been the topic du jour. I'm just curious on what it means for Diagnostics. On the core lab side, with Alinity, really strong trends. You spoke about continued share gains in Europe. I'm just curious where we are in -- on the U.S. side. Have you -- is the win rate on the U.S. side comparable to Europe? Or is that something that we should be expecting for the back half heading into 2021? 
Robert Ford: Yes. As I said in Europe, I think we've had kind of good success in Europe. We've talked about winning new businesses at that 50% rate, the renewals of our existing business or retailing nearly all of that business. And I think in the U.S. right now, it might be a little bit too early just because you don't -- we really didn't have the intentionality of the launch that we had in Europe. Now that we've got a more complete menu, I think our ability to compete and our competitive fitness, let's call it that way, in the U.S. increases to the same level that we've had in Europe. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Congrats on another really strong quarter, and Miles, I'll echo what the other -- the other comment and add that I'll miss interacting with you on these calls. Always insightful and fun. Just 2 quick questions. One, maybe for Robert, on capital allocation. I know I've asked this on a few calls before, but you guys have paid down a lot of debt recently. Are you, Robert, maybe thinking about M&A a little bit differently? Should we expect more tuck-ins in 2020? And I just had one quick follow-up. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I think what you'll see is the same philosophy, the same framework that we've had for all these years, which is a very kind of balanced approach. As you've said, a lot of our focus the last couple of years has been to pay down debt. We paid down close to $10 billion over the last 2 years. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is around 1.5 now. And we've got kind of payments that are due in the next few years, and that's all kind of contemplated in our capital plan. 
 The other thing we're always going to have a mindful eye here, Larry, is ensuring that a portion of that capital goes back to our shareholders. Our dividend is a big part of our identity. We've increased our dividend for 47 consecutive years. This year, we just announced a 13% increase. So -- and we announced also at the end of last year a share repurchase of about $3 billion. We do that from time to time mainly to kind of offset dilution. We'll also look at our growth opportunities, and we've talked a lot about them, whether it's the rollout of Alinity, whether it's the manufacturing expansion of Libre. We just announced in Q4 a new manufacturing site, a second manufacturing site for MitraClip. Those are all great returns for our shareholders in terms of the return of that capital. 
 And then on the M&A side, we're not looking to do any deals right now. I think the framework that Miles has always worked, it's true to me, which is it needs to meet our threshold of it being strategic or -- and at the same time, opportunistic. And we've been looking at it a lot. We're always studying. We're always looking. And I haven't seen anything crossing the radar here that kind of falls into those 2 buckets. But we're always going to keep looking as we've always done. 
Larry Biegelsen: Perfect. And then just one housekeeping. For Brian, and Brian, congratulations on your retirement, and I'll miss you as well. Just FX on EPS impact in 2020. 
Brian Yoor: The impact of what? 
Robert Ford: EPS FX. 
Brian Yoor: Oh, FX. It's around $0.05, Larry. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Rick Wise from Stifel. 
Frederick Wise: Maybe I'll start off with EPD. EPD, Robert, is always a little bit of a black box to us medical device analysts or I'll just say to me. I won't drag everybody else into it. Currently doing exceptionally well, strong fourth quarter, and you're saying mid- to high single digits for 2020. But maybe just give us a little update on some of the key drivers. What could get you to the upper end of your range? And maybe some of the challenges, just give us some perspective about what you're thinking about for 2020. 
Robert Ford: Sure. I've heard this comment a couple of times now about kind of EPD or pharma business kind of being a black box or not as transparent and as -- not as understanding. I mean I will say here the biggest focus of this business is taking opportunity of the geographic dynamics, right? You can either have a proprietary pharmaceutical business, a little bit more higher cost versus a pure generic business, which is obviously very, very cheap. Our branded generic business kind of sits between those 2 bookends. 
 I come from an emerging market, so I can tell you that when we buy medications, it's not reimbursed. So you pay for it out of pocket. And you're willing to pay a little bit of a premium to ensure that what you're getting is high-quality product. And I think that that's what this business has been built on, is taking advantage of that dynamic of this population in these markets, growing with their disposable income and allocating some of that to their health care costs on brands that they trust. And that's what we've been building over these years. 
 A key driver of this strategy here is you need to be -- you need to have the breadth and the depth in your therapy classes. So we have comprehensive portfolios in the geographies that we're competing. They're deep in each therapy class. You need to be omnichannel. You need to be present in the doctor's office. You need to be present in the pharmacy. You need to be able to kind of communicate directly with the consumer. And you need to be local. You need to have a local R&D engine, organization and manufacturing to be able to move fast with the opportunities that you see. And I think that's at the core of our strategy. 
 One of the challenges in this business, as Miles has always said, is the FX piece of it. But the performance growth, we expect it to be in this kind of high single-digit growth. And a big driver of that is being in the right markets with the right infrastructure with the right products with the depth and the focus on execution. 
Frederick Wise: Great. And turning to 2 other areas. Heart Failure business has done a great job. How sustainable is the robust growth we've seen? And maybe talk a little bit about the implications of the less invasive surgical approach for HeartMate 3, what that might mean. 
 And just last, maybe touch a little bit on Alere. It's been a little bit of a disappointment. What are the next steps? Help us understand what's going on and where we go from here with Alere. 
Robert Ford: Sure. On Heart Failure, I mean we had a very successful 2019. We achieved the destination therapy indication for HeartMate 3 at the end of '18, so that rolled into '19. So you saw the growth rate of about 20% here, Rick. That growth is predominantly driven by share gains and specifically here in the U.S. So we exited 2019, our estimation right now is, through our internal data, north of 80%. So as we go into 2020, we expect that to not be at that 20% rate now and to mirror more of what the market is growing, which is we expect to be in that mid-single-digit range. But I do believe that we've got a lot of opportunity. 
 I talked about cadence of innovation in our products, and one product that's come pretty quiet, but we've done a really good job there is CardioMEMS. CardioMEMS is now close to $100 million. It's growing 30%. We continue to enroll in our GUIDE-HF trial that's going to be used to open an NCD. But the outcomes there are also extremely meaningful in terms of hospitalization reductions, et cetera. So I think that'll be kind of our next driver of growth in Heart Failure, and I'm very pleased with what the team has been able to build in that business. 
 Going to your question on Alere, it's been a little bit of a -- we'll call it like a mixed bag here. We've had some businesses that we brought into Abbott, and I think we've done very well with them. We've accelerated their performance. If I look at the infectious disease portfolio in our developed markets, that's done very well. Yes, of course, there's some opportunity there with the flu season. But I think the team has done a really good job here expanding the portfolio and looking at those -- that installed base beyond just a flu test. And our cardiometabolics business has done very well too, growing in the high single digits, low double digits. So I think those 2 businesses, we've done a really good job with. And I think the team has done a good job on the cost side with the synergies, too. 
 But you have pointed out that there are some parts in the business here where we're not pleased with, we're not satisfied. Our emerging markets infectious disease segment had a tough 2019. Part of that is kind of NGO purchasing cycles and dynamics in certain markets. But we've got to do better than that. And we've implemented a strategy here to really look at other emerging markets outside of the African continent here and build the value proposition of those tests in other emerging markets. 
 In our toxicology business too, I don't think we've been able to kind of fully maximize the value there. And that one there has got a lot of attention, too. So we had a good Q4, a lot of focus here, a lot of good growth in the U.S. I think part of that was a little bit of the flu. But if we can get these 2 business here, our emerging markets and our toxicology business, to execute on the plans that we've put in place for them, I think you'll see that as kind of a mid-growth -- mid-single-digit kind of growth business for us. 
 But I look at the trend and the dynamics of these products, the opportunities we have, the strategy to get into these businesses is still very much intact also. Miles talked about more and more testing move into alternative channels. We continue to see that. And we're targeting steady improvement here. But I think the long-term growth opportunity because of that trend is very positive. 
Frederick Wise: Congratulations. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Kristen Stewart from Barclays. 
Kristen Stewart: Congratulations, Miles, on your retirement, and Brian, I hope your next chapter is a positive one as well. Just I guess a couple of cleanup questions. In terms of the, I guess, PHP product, I was just wondering if you can maybe update us on just the time lines there for expected launch. And then also for Amulet as well, just kind of expectations for launch, just to get some time lines. And then also, I think you, Robert, had also mentioned just some products within the CRM business launching there. Could you just maybe update us on expectations for that franchise? I think you mentioned a new ICD platform and some other milestones you expect within the CRM portfolio. 
Robert Ford: So sure. On PHP and Amulet, I mean those are still, let's say, a couple of years away. So we're still in kind of clinical evaluation of that. We'll then kind of put the information together, submit to the FDA. So I'd say your kind of normal time lines over there. So you can look at it about a couple of years away. 
 On the CRM side, like I said, I think the biggest opportunity we had when we changed the structure was to kind of get the innovation going. So we've got 2 product launches. We've got a new version of -- a new update to our implantable cardiac monitor planned for this year. We've got a new ICD planned again for both U.S. and Europe. And our growth expectations here are to be -- to do better than what we've been doing, steady sequential improvement. We've had some challenges. And I think that these products here will allow us to continue that sequential improvement here. So I'll... 
Kristen Stewart: And then I'm sorry, go ahead. 
Robert Ford: Go ahead. 
Kristen Stewart: I was just going to say, and do you see any opportunities -- I think Bob had mentioned this, but any opportunities just in terms of divestitures within Medical Devices or elsewhere within the portfolio or some smaller tuck-in? I know you said -- didn't sound like you were going to do any larger-scale M&A, but just more product lines to bring into the portfolio from a more of a tuck-in acquisition from technology, earlier stage. 
Robert Ford: Yes. Listen, if I take that and just talk about our model, we have a diversified model. I fundamentally believe in our diversified model. I think you've seen sequential improvement in all 4 areas over the last couple of years from a big-picture perspective. Now when you go into each one of them, can you find some areas that we can do better and we should do better? Yes, we can, and we've talked about some of those today. But that doesn't mean that we don't think there are great opportunities. That just means that we need to focus on doing better and executing better on that. So as I look at these 4 businesses, I like the businesses we have. 
Miles White: Okay. This is Miles again. I'll wrap up and close for us. 
 So first of all, thank you all very much for your very kind comments. And on behalf of both Brian and I, well, I'll speak and tell you that it's been a great honor and a great pleasure for us to lead our company. It's been a tremendous experience. I feel like I've had 2 or 3 careers here in the last 21 years and probably have. 
 Brian was estimating this morning, this was our 85th or 86th earnings call. And therefore, I can't tell you that I know yet whether I'm going to miss them, but I sure have a lot of them. And they're always challenging. They're always interesting opportunities to converse with you about the prospects of the company and so forth. 
 I feel like I'll leave the company in perhaps its best position ever in terms of products and growth, future opportunities, et cetera. As I said at the beginning, I'm very pleased with the succession and the management team that's here. It's not just the CEO that's changing. The CFO is changing, and Bob Funck, who's a longtime Abbott employee and he's been our controller for a number of years and been in some of the most challenging jobs at Abbott and so forth, will be an absolutely superb successor to Brian. You know that a lot of our management team has changed over the last couple of years as we move to a next generation of leaders and managers in the company. And I think it's a great mix of people that are homegrown and also have come to us either through St. Jude or other outside places. And we're just really happy with the team we've got, the pipelines we've got, the positions we've got. We think our success is sustainable. And I think the track record that we've laid down over the last years has been recognized that way, and we're appreciative of the recognition that all of you have given it. 
 As I commented tongue-in-cheek, as a significant shareholder of the company, I'll obviously be watching closely and especially in the immediate future as the Chairman. 
 So with that, we'll close the call. Thank you all very much, and thanks for all your support. 
Scott Leinenweber: Very good. Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-15 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. 
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Robert Ford, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks, and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, we'll take your questions.
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2019. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in items 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. 
 Please note that financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only.
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in our earnings news release issued earlier today.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles. 
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, Scott. Good morning. Today, we reported results of another strong quarter with ongoing earnings per share of $0.84, reflecting 12% growth on an absolute basis and even higher growth when excluding the impact of currency. 
 Sales increased more than 7.5% on an organic basis in the quarter led by double-digit growth in Medical Devices and sequential improvements in Established Pharmaceuticals and Diagnostics. We also narrowed off our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $3.23 to $3.25, which, at current rates, would reflect high-teens growth, excluding the impact of currency and is at the upper end of the range we set at the beginning of the year.
 As we've discussed previously, following our recent strategic shaping and acquisitions, we've been completely focused on running the company we built. This focus on organic execution is delivering strong performance on a remarkably consistent basis. Over the last 8 quarters, we've averaged 7.5% organic sales growth worldwide with very little variation. We've also continued to strengthen our portfolio with new products, expanded access on reimbursement coverage and generated new clinical data that further enhances the sustainability of our strong growth outlook going forward.
 I'm particularly pleased with the continued exceptional performance across several of our key growth platforms, including FreeStyle Libre, MitraClip and Alinity, which I'll highlight as I summarize our third quarter results in more detail. 
 And I'll start in our Medical Devices business where sales increased double digits for the second quarter in a row. In Structural Heart, we achieved 16% sales growth led by MitraClip, our market-leading device for the treatment of mitral regurgitation or leaking heart valve. MitraClip sales increased more than 30% in the quarter, including U.S. growth of nearly 50%. During the quarter, we received U.S. FDA approval for our next-generation MitraClip device, and we initiated the first-ever U.S. pivotal trial for the minimally invasive treatment of tricuspid regurgitation, which will evaluate the safety and efficacy of our TriClip repair system.
 Turning now to FreeStyle Libre, our market-leading continuous glucose monitoring system that eliminates the need for routine fingersticks. We achieved sales of $0.5 billion in the quarter and continued to add significantly to our global user base, as reflected by organic sales growth of nearly 70%. During the quarter, FreeStyle Libre obtained public reimbursement coverage in Ontario and Quebec, becoming the first and only sensor-based glucose monitoring system to be listed by any provincial health plan in Canada. 
 We also continued to advance our strategy to develop integrated solutions where people with diabetes can seamlessly manage their condition across devices, including recent announcements that we're seeking to integrate Libre with the insulin delivery technologies of Sanofi and Tandem as well as the digital care platform of Omada Health. This easy-to-use, affordable device is changing the way millions of people manage their diabetes. And our ongoing efforts to expand awareness, adoption and access for Libre around the world will drive tremendous growth for years to come.
 Turning now to Diagnostics where sales grew 6.5% in the quarter led by double-digit growth in Core Laboratory Diagnostics. The rollout of Alinity in Europe and other international markets continues to drive strong growth in our Core Laboratory business outside the U.S. In the U.S. where we continue to outperform the market with our legacy ARCHITECT system, we've made good progress achieving regulatory approvals of immunoassay and clinical chemistry test for Alinity and are beginning to ramp up our launch efforts in these areas. With highly differentiated instruments and a matrix rollout across multiple geographies and diagnostic testing areas over time, Alinity is well positioned to be a multiyear growth platform for our Diagnostics business. 
 In Nutrition, sales increased nearly 4% in the quarter led by double-digit growth in international Adult Nutrition for the third quarter in a row. In Pediatric Nutrition, above-market growth in the U.S. and several other countries was partially offset by challenging market dynamics in Greater China, which comprises a little less than 10% of our overall nutrition sales. While consumers continue to trade up for premium brands, which is the segment where we compete, we've seen volume in the market decline due to historically low birth rates. We remain focused on strengthening our portfolio and competitiveness across the various segments and purchasing channels in China and given our broad portfolio and global footprint, anticipate continued strong performance across other geographies and long-term growth opportunities such as Adult Nutrition.
 I'll wrap up with Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, where sales increased 8% in the quarter led by strong growth in several geographies including India, China and Brazil. Sales growth in EPD has now improved sequentially for each of the last 3 quarters. With leading market positions in several international growth geographies, EPD is well positioned for sustained above-market growth in some of the largest and fastest growing pharmaceutical markets in the world.
 So in summary, we're performing extremely well across several areas of the portfolio, resulting in another quarter of strong sales and earnings growth. We continue to strengthen our product portfolios and key product platforms with a steady cadence of new product approvals, reimbursement coverage and clinical data. And we're well on track to deliver ongoing EPS and organic sales growth at the upper ends of the ranges we set at the beginning of the year. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our results and outlook for the year in more detail. Brian? 
Brian Yoor: Okay. Thanks, Miles. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance.
 Turning to our results. Sales for the third quarter increased 7.6% on an organic basis. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar strengthen modestly, resulting in an unfavorable impact on sales of 1.9% from exchange or 50 basis points higher than if rates held steady since the time of our call in July. Reported sales increased 5.5% in the quarter. 
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 59.2% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 7% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 29.1% of sales.
 Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter. We forecast adjusted EPS of $0.94 to $0.96, which reflects nearly 17.5% growth at the midpoint. We forecast organic sales growth of around 8% and at current rates, would expect exchange to have a negative impact of somewhat above 1.5% on fourth quarter reported sales. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 59.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of around 7% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense approaching 27.5% of sales.
 Before we open the call for questions, I'll now provide a quick overview of our fourth quarter organic sales growth outlook by business. For Established Pharmaceuticals, we forecast high single-digit growth. In Nutrition, we forecast low to mid-single-digit growth. In Diagnostics, we forecast mid- to high single-digit growth. And in Medical Devices, we forecast growth similar to the third quarter, which reflects continued double-digit growth in several areas of this business.
 With that, we will now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
David Lewis: Just a couple of questions for me. Miles, just want to start off on growth. So I mean this time of year, investors are very focused on sustainability. And you obviously said you've been averaging 7.5% for 7 to 8 quarters. So a couple of questions. One, your guidance for the fourth quarter implies a little bit of momentum deceleration in the business. Anything specific to call out there? And then more specifically, as you think about 2020, what are those drivers that get you confident that you can deliver your growth in that 7%, 7.5% range that you've been doing the last couple of years? And then one quick follow-up. 
Miles White: Okay, David. Well, I'll start with what you said. We have had 8 straight quarters averaging 7.5%. Going into the fourth quarter, we actually are going to be close to 8%. And then going into next year, I think where we are in the range we've given, I think we gave a range at the beginning of this last quarter of 7% to 8%, somewhere in that range. And frankly, I've seen no change to that. I don't see any change to momentum at all here. If anything, we've got pretty strong momentum across the board. We've got sequential growth in a number of areas that we've expected improvement in, and we're seeing that. EPD comes to mind. 
 Obviously, our growth drivers, Libre and MitraClip and the Alinity systems, et cetera, are all very strong, Structural Heart is very strong. So as I've said in the past many times, this is sustainable and strong going forward. I see no change to momentum, no change to progress, no change to growth rates. If anything, it gets better. So -- and it clearly will in the fourth quarter. 
 So it's pretty strong, and the earnings flows with it. And we're not going to make any guidance forecast or anything, but I think directionally here, all fundamentals are strong for us. 
David Lewis: Okay. Very helpful. And just one quick product question, Miles. There's been -- Libre 2, obviously, an important driver for next year. I just want to get your commentary. The longer this product has not been approved, it's led to a kind of concern about the product, the regulatory time line. Your view, your Tandem partnership yesterday suggests to us that you're still confident in Libre 2 iCGM. Are you still confident in Libre 2 iCGM? And how are you thinking about the timing potential for that product? 
Miles White: I'd say I'm going to comment myself and then I'm going to hand it to Robert Ford here to comment as well. But first, are we confident? Absolutely. The product is performing wonderfully. The growth is strong. The expansion is strong. There's a lot to be pretty encouraged about. And while I recognize a lot of people, including us, are feeling impatience, impatience doesn't translate to concern. We're all inpatient and we'd all like everything yesterday. But it's not quite working out as yesterday. And Robert can comment on that here, but there is nothing but good here looking forward with Libre. And we anticipate a lot of expansion with this product, including with some of these partnerships that we've announced and working with the interoperability with various partners for what I think will be the future of glucose monitoring and diabetes management. I think all of this is not just on plan, but spectacular, particularly for diabetes patients. And I have nothing but confidence in it. So let me turn over to Robert to expand on that a little bit. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Yes, David. Listen, admittedly, it's taking longer than we had expected. We obviously misjudged that. We're currently working through a handful of open items with the agency. And what I can tell you, I'm -- I've got the same confidence level that Miles does. I'm confident in the data. I'm confident in the product, right? In the meantime, if you look at Libre in Q3, we had an exceptional Q3. Sales of just under $0.5 billion, that puts us on a $2 billion run rate here with growth rate over 70%. Our international business grew 50%, and that's on a large base. And then the U.S. sales nearly tripled. So -- and it's tripled because we're adding new patients at a strong and steady rate. And it's a high rate. And you could see that progression in our total Rxs. So -- and one of the challenges we've had over, like, the 9 months here has really been about how to pulse our demand generation activities with aligning to our supply, and we talked a little bit about kind of some of those supply constraints. 
 So we've now released in the third quarter, towards the end of the third quarter, our next tranche of manufacturing capacity on plan, on schedule. And I can tell you, the commercial team right now is really feeling excited about not being able to have that constraint over and really start to intensify the commercial promotional efforts, whether that's advertising, whether that's sampling, et cetera, both in the U.S. and international. I think that gives us a lot of excitement as we exit the year going into next year. 
 The value proposition still continues to be very strong to patients and physicians and to payers. And as Miles mentioned in his opening comments, we achieved reimbursement in Canada, public reimbursement, the only sensor system reimbursed in Canada. And it's important because it's one of the top 5 largest glucose monitoring markets in the world. And similar to what we saw in some of these large markets when we obtained national reimbursement, we see a pretty accelerated kind of explosive growth. We saw that in Germany, we saw that in France and U.K. So we expect to see that same trajectory in Canada. And early indications suggest that kind of same curve. So that'll be also exciting for the team as we move into Q4. 
 And as Miles also said, we're pleased with the partnership strategy that we've adopted. We've gone through it at a very intentional phased approach first with Bigfoot, as you know. We then moved into announcing our agreements with insulin manufacturers, like Novo and Sanofi, that connect Libre to their pen systems. And the next phase here, we'll start to move into insulin pumps, and that was the agreement that we announced yesterday with Tandem to codevelop an integrated system because we know this is an important segment also connecting to pumps. And we're now at a phase where we feel we can start to kind of roll that out as we've thought about our partnership strategy. So I think momentum here on Libre is exceptional. It is very strong. As we go into Q4, I think we've got a lot of stuff going right, firing all cylinders, whether it's commercial, whether it's operation, whether it's our R&D program. So I'm very confident on the sustainability of Libre and Libre going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: So 2 for me, 1 on capital allocation, 1 on MitraClip. Let me start, Miles, with capital allocation. Now that you have more financial flexibility, how are you thinking about capital allocation and the importance of reloading the pipeline? I think on the Q2 call, you seem to deprioritize buybacks. But yesterday, you announced a $3 billion share repurchase authorization. So has your view changed? And I just have one follow-up on MitraClip. 
Miles White: Well, I'd say -- look, we've come through a period where we've paid down a lot of debt, and I think we find ourselves in a good capital balance. I think we're -- we've gotten to the place where our net debt to EBITDA ratio is well ahead of what we targeted probably a year earlier than we expected and that's with an aggressive pay down strategy, et cetera. Our business is performing strong. Our cash flows are strong. Can we still continue to pay down debt? We can. Can we refinance debt? We can. Can we do things that are prudent, good balance sheet management? Yes. And we're also generating cash. We are generating sufficient cash, more than sufficient cash, to invest in a lot of manufacturing expansion for all the new products we've talked about. Robert just mentioned one of the biggest, and that's fully funded and obviously coming online and good. 
 So you say, all right, well, then how about the dividend? Well, we raised the dividend 14% last December. And we have a targeted range where we like to keep that dividend as a percent of our EPS, et cetera. So as we go across all the things you can do with your cash, returning cash to shareholders is also a positive thing to do if the conditions are right and if the return is good, et cetera. And we want to be prepared to have that flexibility on the table as well. We have not done significant share repurchase, as you know, for several years while we focused on the pay down of debt. But now we wanted to add back the flexibility to do that as well. 
 So I'd say, in general, we find ourselves in a strong cash position, strong performance position, good strong balance sheet position. We can continue to pay down some debt, but we've got the flexibility to do just about whatever makes sense for us on a return basis or return to shareholder basis. We don't have any active M&A on the radar screen to the extent that we track or follow anything. I'd say it's your typical bolt-ons and tuck-ins and so forth that are additions to already strong businesses. We're pretty happy with our pipeline. We're pretty happy with our R&D pipeline. So our standards are pretty high right now about what's attractive and what may not be. But I'm not forecasting anything significant at all in the M&A area. So obviously, we want to keep our options open here with how we manage cash for our shareholder. 
Larry Biegelsen: Very helpful. And then on MitraClip, you have -- U.S. reimbursement goes up in October. You hopefully will have coverage for the functional MR indication next spring. So you're thinking about 2020 as an inflection year for MitraClip. And in Europe, it looks like sales improved, growth improved this quarter. How are you feeling about MitraClip outside the U.S.? 
Miles White: Larry, I'm going to toss that one to Rob Ford. 
Robert Ford: Larry, thanks for the question. So we filed our MitraClip NCD. It was kind of opened in August. That time line there is -- usually takes about 9 months. I mean that's the statutory maximum, as we'll say. When we did FMR in MitraClip, that took about 7 months. So I think we'll be in the December-January time frame kind of get exactly what quarter that's going to land in. But in the meantime, you see kind of our growth rate. The reimbursement is going to be important, but Structural Heart was up mid-teens and the big driver of that was MitraClip, up 30%, up 50% in the U.S. So reimbursement is going to be important. There will definitely be an inflection point when we get it. But as I said in the previous call, that is a component. It's a building block here that we're focusing on. 
 So opening new centers is another kind of key building block. We have about 400 today, and I do want to get to about 550 over time. And we've been supporting that with investments, investments in our sales force, our clinical specialists, our therapy development specialists, so that we can not only train the centers, train the implanters to keep up with that demand that we see, but also to support the demand generation through the development of this patient referral network. So that investment is ongoing, on target, on plan in terms of how we're ramping up the field team. And as Miles said in his opening comments, we continue to invest also in the innovation side, on the product development side. So in July, we obtained approval for our fourth-generation MitraClip, which has independent graspers, more sizes, et cetera, that basically give more options to the position. And so I think that MitraClip here is in its really early innings, although I think this is a multiyear, multibillion-dollar growth opportunity that we've got. And it is going to continue to ramp over time, and we're making the investments to make sure we're going to lead in that. So as I look into 2020, I think we've got the right momentum. And once we have NCD coverage, yes, I think there'll be an inflection to growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. 
Robert Hopkins: Just 2 quick product related questions. First, a follow-up on the Libre 2 commentary. Just to kind of set expectations, just curious, has there been any new data request from the agency? And is approval of Libre 2 in the U.S. you think possible in the next couple months? Or could it take a little longer? 
Miles White: Listen, we've -- what I'll say is that, probably, we've obviously misjudged that. So I'm not going to sit here and try and pinpoint the exact time line of the approval. As I said also, we've actively been working through a handful of open items with the agency. And that's where we're at. 
Robert Hopkins: Okay. Fair enough. And then I'd also want to ask on Pediatric Nutritionals in China. And it's -- just curious if you could elaborate a little bit more on the slowdown there. And then just wondering if you could comment on China more broadly and your confidence in growth continuing in China. So just comment on Pediatric Nutritionals in China, please. 
Robert Ford: Sure. Let me start off then with the nutritional question here then. So you saw our Nutrition business was just under 4%. We had really good growth in the U.S. in pediatrics up 4%, double-digit growth in international adult for the second quarter in a row. So our challenge here really was the international pediatric performance. This was really driven by Greater China. And I would say there were some challenging market dynamics here. As Miles mentioned, we're seeing the consumer trade up into the premium brand segment, but the volume has been declining partly because of this low birth rate. So this has led to, what I would say, a much more competitive environment, competitive in terms of pricing, competitive in terms of promotional activities. And this has now got our full attention, full attention from the management team here. And our key thing is really focusing. And the market dynamics are the market dynamics, but we've got to really focus on improving our competitive fitness, our competitive position here in the pediatric segment. We're launching a series of new strategies here in the coming weeks regarding our media campaigns, strengthening our consumer relationship platforms. We've got some plans to launch some new products over the next several quarters. So I'd say that the key focus of us right now in nutrition really has been, at this point here, to focus on improving our competitive fitness in China. 
Miles White: And I'll follow up on the rest of the other businesses in China. I'll give you a little bit of context. I think I'll speak as a CEO. We, the multinational CEOs of the world, or we -- if we do business in China, are we nervous about trade? Are we nervous about China? Are we nervous about all this? I think you can't help but be nervous about it. But I'll tell you what's interesting. While it's affecting some segments of the U.S. economy and U.S. businesses pretty directly, it doesn't seem to be affecting us or our business. The nutrition challenge we have is completely separate from any kind of trade or economic or economy issues other than birth rates. And the performance in our Device businesses, our Diagnostics businesses and so forth are double digits and strong. There's all kinds of ways that people can hypothesize that maybe the Chinese government would intervene and make things more difficult and so forth for U.S. multinationals. But in our business, we actually don't see that. And the product approvals are coming in a timely manner. The China FDA is doing everything that they're supposed to do and -- for our products. We haven't seen any of that kind of friction at all. And the demand for our products and the performance of our businesses in China has been strong. Other than the challenge we've got with Pediatric Nutrition, all other businesses are doing well, show no signs of any kinds of issues. So while I know that there are industries and segments that are tied to whether it's automobiles, oil, big industries, et cetera, that may have challenges, particularly agriculture, we're not seeing that. And our China business is good. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Two for me. Maybe Miles, starting off with that last question on the macro of China. I know there are number of moving parts, China, 4X7 on the drug side. Some questions around maybe CapEx slowdown, Diagnostics slowdown. Just to be clear, what is your exposure either on the drug or diagnostics side to China? And maybe broadly comment on emerging markets in general. It looks like some of those markets are slowing down. And how is Abbott positioned to handle some of the macro slowdown, if you will? 
Miles White: Well, we're just going to try to figure out who answers what part of that question. I'd say this. Underlying growth in emerging markets is still good. Has it slowed some? Yes, it has slowed some, but it's still good. It's a relative thing. So the underlying growth we see in India, Latin America, China, et cetera, it's all good. You can say there's the occasional Argentina. Okay, that's not good. Argentina is its own thing. But there are -- the advancement of health care systems, the advancement in demand for health products, pharmaceuticals, et cetera, strong. China, in particular, for us for our pharmaceutical business, strong. We're doing well. I don't think we have a lot of exposure. I'll let Robert expand on that in a minute. But overall, I think the conditions for us on those markets remain strong. As we've said many, many times, single most difficult thing we deal with is the volatile currency, if it's volatile. And sometimes it is, sometimes it isn't. And right now, currency isn't exactly working on our favor in those markets. So while we grow at a pretty healthy rate on an underlying basis and typically faster than the market, currency erases some of that. Robert? 
Robert Ford: Yes. I'll just -- Vijay, on the generic pharma in China, I think you're referring to the 4+7 tendering process there. We haven't seen an impact, and we don't anticipate a significant impact going forward. We have a fairly kind of concentrated portfolio here of products, just about 15 products here. Most of these products are more specialized kind of segments and areas where there's it's kind of difficult to manufacture. So on the generic side of the pharma business, we're less susceptible to this. Obviously, we're going to monitor. We're part of this process. We understand how the tendering process is going to work. But if I think about kind of bigger impact, we have less of an impact here given the portfolio of products we have in China. 
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, guys. And just one quick one on guidance maybe for Brian. Brian, looks like the Q4 guidance is implying really strong margin expansion, 200 basis points plus. Just given some of the comments on FX, maybe clarify the FX hit to Q4 on the margin side. And in general, when you look at 2020, what kind of headwinds are we looking at from an FX perspective? 
Brian Yoor: Yes. From a top line next year, I'm not prepared to talk about next year. But I think there would be naturally some flow through on the top line next year, Vijay. Perhaps Scott can get back to you on that, but let me circle back. If you look at Q3, you saw we had gross margins of 59.2%. You were absolutely correct. Foreign exchange had an impact on us of about 50 basis points. Otherwise, it would be at 59.7%. So I feel good about where we're guiding Q4. Q4 tends to be that quarter where we get a little bit more natural leverage as well. And you'll see that play out through the bottom line. Pretty consistent with how we thought about this at the beginning of the year. As you know, I mean, gross margin improvement is just part of our DNA. It's part of what we do and how we think about in addition to cash flow and is something we're going to continue to improve upon across all of our businesses. And I think you could expect that to continue in the next year. That's how we get to double-digit growth that we usually start with and continue to invest back into our SG&A and R&D for our growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Miles, I was hoping you could touch on the Diagnostics business. This is one you've called out for many quarters now as a durable, multiyear growth driver for the company. We saw fantastic growth in Core Lab this quarter, even without really benefit from Alinity hitting U.S. Maybe you could just update us on the status of where you are in Europe in terms of the rollout, what you're seeing in terms of competition because we're seeing some negative results from competitors and then the latest and thoughts on the U.S. launch and how we think that uptake there. 
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, Robbie. I'm going to have Robert do that. 
Robert Ford: So Robbie, we've talked about how this is a multiyear opportunity, and we've been executing on this. Very, very focused here. If you think about the Core Lab and the rollout of Alinity program, it's doing very well. And you can see that in our top line. The rollout has been particularly strong in Europe. We're winning over 50% of the businesses where we targeted an entrenched competitor. And if you think about kind of the renewal process, we're retaining nearly all of our current business that comes up for contract. So we placed over 3,000 -- over 3,700 instruments. And when we gave out that number, we're talking about instruments that are actually placed in the market, placed in the account, running tests and generating revenue. So that's gone very well. 
 In the quarter, you saw that we also got an approval in the U.S. for the Alinity blood and plasma screening. So this fourth quarter here, the team is already kind of rolling out that commercial launch. We had a lot of success in rolling out the blood plasma systems in Europe and in Asia last year. So it's great to see that a little bit ahead of schedule here in the U.S. And the team has jumped on, on the opportunity. 
 As relates to the immunoassay side, a lot of our focus here is really kind of ramping up on the R&D side, ramping up the menu and the assay menu. I'd say that assay completion rate of what we need to be kind of fully competitive in Europe is getting close to that 100% mark that we need. And in the U.S., it's a little bit behind, but a lot of our focus here is to get those systems, those assays approved and in place. And we'll start to see that kind of play affecting our growth rate in the U.S. as we move into next year. So I think, internationally, we're doing really well. U.S., we've got the opportunity here as the assays come onboard to be able to accelerate our growth rates. So I'm really pleased with the momentum that the team has done here. Of course, we could -- we feel that we can always do better, and that's what we're going to keep on pushing to. 
Robert Marcus: Great. And maybe just one quick follow-up in Neuromodulation. Numbers came in a little softer than The Street was looking for. I'm assuming a big chunk of that was in the spinal cord stim market. Maybe you could just update us as to what exactly you're seeing on the ground with Abbott and what you think is driving the deceleration in the market here in the U.S.? 
Miles White: Yes, sure. So obviously, still work in progress here. It's a little bit longer than we had initially hoped. When we've talked about it over the last couple of quarters, we've talked about the sales force hiring, the sales force productivity. And it's a very specific selling process here in devices. And if you're a new rep, it takes some time to kind of understand it. So that's been going -- that's been progressing well. We've had some stabilization in the sales force. And some of the monthly KPIs that we track them on, they're improving. But we've also seen, as you pointed out, a little bit of a market decline, especially in the first half of this year. And it follows a couple of years of double-digit growth, right? So a lot of our focus here has got to be on sales force execution and productivity. 
 The approval of Proclaim XR this quarter, I think, really provides a nice addition to the portfolio. It provides the sales force with a new technology to promote. And early signs of the launch, it's only been a couple of weeks, but early signs are positive. We tend to look at our trials -- on our trials across the U.S. in spinal as our leading indicator. And I'd say, early signs are positive, but there's more monitoring there for us to be aware of. 
 On the market side, there's real no third-party data source here like we have in stents or pacemakers, et cetera. So it's a little bit difficult to peg the growth rate here. We usually have to wait until everybody reports and can kind of look at and add it up and kind of see where it's at. So I would anticipate here Q3 to be similar in terms of market growth rate as to the first half of this year, which is in that low to mid-single-digit decline here. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Wise from Stifel. 
Frederick Wise: Miles, I'm always embarrassed to ask questions about the EPD business because I always feel like I don't really understand it. But I understand enough to see that you actually, x currency, had another solid quarter in many of the emerging markets that you're targeting. Maybe just help us understand some of your high-level thoughts there or the outlook. Is it going as you would have expected? Growth has slowed a little bit relative to the last few years. But again, seems like on track and sustainably on track. Is that the right way to think about it? 
Miles White: Yes. Rick, I'd say I'm never quite as satisfied as I'd like to be. That's for sure. What -- we've learned a couple of things. I think of the 7 or 8 years we've now been fundamentally focused on emerging markets and their growing economies and so forth, I'd say, if anything was underestimated, it was the degree of volatility of currency, which is also heavily driven by the strength of the U.S. dollar. And while we can't predict those things, since this business is 100% in emerging markets, that's always a bit of a challenge. Now that said, the underlying growth in those markets has been steadily strong. And it's interesting. One indicator of the attractiveness for those markets is, let's just say, the multiples and prices and so forth that anybody who owns a pharmaceutical business in those markets thinks that the company is worth. And as we track those for a long time, they're probably some of the highest multiples in the world than any business -- the businesses that make money. They're attractive. The markets are attractive. The attractive parts of branded, generic pharmaceutical worldwide, they're the most profitable. They're very profitable markets for good branded products as compared to Europe or the U.S. or something like that if you're in that business. So we targeted this business for a reason. There's underlying real growth. Brands matter. Quality matters. Breadth matters. And it's kind of all the fundamentals that we think are stable, durable, attractive, et cetera. And frankly, all those economies have progressed as we would like, maybe not as stably and maybe not as strongly, in some cases, but the growth there is still strong. 
 Our own challenge is the R&D investments, to continue to expand product lines and product depth into the markets. We keep our R&D somewhat decentralized by region. India has its own, Latin America has its own, et cetera. We're always looking for greater and greater productivity and greater and greater launch activity out of our teams. Every now and then, we're going to run into an Argentina, a Venezuela or a tax issue in a country, like we did in India a couple of years ago, et cetera that are going to put a dent in the growth rate for a given year, and we've seen that. But the underlying fundamentals are quite strong, quite good. And we keep plugging away at all the fundamentals that we know how to manage. And as you can tell, this last year, we've had steady sequential improvement in our performance, excluding exchange. And they're up at 8%. I think that's pretty good. That means that we know how to take the corrective actions to get stronger, to get better, to drive the business better. And I think the fact that the managers of pharmaceutical business are up to an 8% growth rate and looking forward to even improvement in that -- I think that's pretty strong. So yes, we like the business. 
Frederick Wise: Great. And if I could follow up just on 2 quick things. At TCT, we saw some very solid Portico data. I assume we're still on track for mid-2020 U.S. launch. Any updates there would be great on Portico. And last, just -- the U.S. Vascular business still seems pressured, not really improving. What are the issues? What are you doing? I know you're so focused on execution. Is it competition? Is it -- how do you turn that portion of the business around? 
Robert Ford: Rick, this is Robert here. So on your Portico question, yes, we submitted end of Q3, so we expect a kind of midyear approval here and launch. And we're getting ready for that. 
 On your question on Vascular, as we've previously mentioned, there are a couple, what I would call, noncommercial items that impacted growth rate here. These are third-party royalties, third-party manufacturing agreements that we put in place as part of the St. Jude divestiture, some of the assets. So those -- as those ramp down, as those manufacturing agreements ramp down, those royalties ramp down, they obviously impact the growth rate. And we've allocated those agreements into the U.S. line, even though they're global agreements. So if you remove those items that are naturally going down as we transition the manufacturing over to the new owners of those businesses and as the royalties ramp down, you remove that out, our Vascular business was flat. And the dynamic there was really a little bit of pricing that we've seen on the stent side. We've continued to grow share in the U.S. actually and maintain our leadership position in the international markets. And that price pressure was then offset by double-digit growth in our Endo and peripheral business and in our imaging and diagnostic business. And that's part of our strategy, which is we know that there will be some pricing pressure on the DES side, and we know we need to make our investments to maintain our competitive position there. But we also know that we're over investing in our Endo and our imaging strategy, so that those businesses can get large enough and that those double digits then can really return Vascular to a healthy growth rate. 
Operator: And our last question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. 
Matthew Taylor: I was hoping that you might just expound a little bit on the Libre dynamics given the continued strength that you've seen outside the U.S. Could you comment on anything like installed base, mix of type 1 versus type 2? Are payers getting involved? Do they see value there? Anything like that, that could help us understand the sustainability of the growth, especially outside the U.S. where you continue to have a larger and larger base? 
Robert Ford: Yes. So let's talk about that base. I mean, the one way to describe it here that it's pretty large and it's growing. We focus a lot on the sales side. But if you look at the user base where you're at the 1.5 million, close to 1.6 million users at the end of this quarter, as we talked a little bit, there's a little bit of constraint on that user base given our manufacturing capacity. So as we've now unleashed it, I think we've got the potential here to kind of grow that user base even faster. 
 One of the things that is important here that we've seen as payers and contract start to look at this is that they're very convinced on the outcomes of using sensor-based technology. There's a lot of clinical data that proves that. We actually have RCT trials that show that Libre reduces hypo, reduces time out of range, reduces the time that patients are in hypoglycemia. And we backed it up with some fairly large real world evidence trials showing that. And competitors also have that, too. 
 So the value proposition here is how do you get that outcome at a cost that makes sense for the payer where they can actually expand the use of the product and the technology into a much larger user base versus kind of niching it to kind of very small segments. And that's been the value proposition that we've adopted. And as I said in the beginning of the call, that value proposition is not only very intact, but it is growing. And we see that in the negotiations we've had with Canadian reimbursement authorities. We see that expansion of the technology beyond just type 1 or insulin users in other markets. We start seeing it expand into type 2. So we think the value proposition here is very strong, and it's a real opportunity to provide the benefits of the outcomes that are proven at a cost profile that makes sense for the payers. So -- and it's ultimately about having the impact on outcomes for patients. And we're seeing that through our trials and through our real world evidence. 
 If you think about the composition of the patients, we're looking at 50-50. We're getting a lot of type 1s and insulin users, but we're also getting a lot of type 2s, type 2s that are on single injections or type 2s that are on oral medication. There are different utilization rates, but we're getting all those patients. 
Matthew Taylor: One quick follow-up. Are you now completely unconstrained on manufacturing? 
Robert Ford: Yes. 
Miles White: Okay. I'm going to wrap up where we started. We had a strong quarter, exceptionally strong quarter. Our momentum continues. We've got some great growth drivers in Libre, MitraClip, the Alinity platforms, other businesses. They're all growing, many of them double digits and across the board. So the balance of that performance across all businesses and across all geographies is heartening. It is sustainable. We -- our top line growth rate was 7.6% this quarter. We think it will be close to 8% in the fourth quarter. And as we look into 2020, I see no reason to change any expectations about the strength of our top line sales growth rate, which is, I think, all of you know, for a fairly large company, unusual to find. The other people that are able to do this are tech companies. And so we've got some great strengths here owing to the strength of our pipeline, our new product launches, the improvements to access and/or reimbursements and further capabilities of those products. So we've got a good sustainable road ahead of us. Obviously, there are surprises or things that don't meet our expectations from time to time or the speed with which we want to accomplish things. But overall, I think this is good evidence to you all, a good performance, super performance, really, and sustainably so. We look at 2020 with great optimism and great expectations, in spite of a lot of the uncertainties in the world and in the economies around the world. We're feeling pretty strong and pretty bullish about where we sit. So with that, we'll see you in 90 days. 
Scott Leinenweber: Well, thank, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-16 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Robert Ford, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks, and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, we'll take your questions.
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2019. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, risk factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that second quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only.
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in our earnings news release issued earlier today.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles. 
Miles White: Thank you, Scott. Good morning. Today, we reported results of another strong quarter with ongoing earnings per share of $0.82, above our previous guidance range and reflecting double-digit growth. Sales increased 7.5% on an organic basis in the quarter with all 4 businesses exceeding expectations. 
 I'm particularly pleased with our ability to consistently achieve these types of strong results. Over the past 2 years, our quarterly organic sales growth has averaged more than 7%. And importantly, we're well positioned with our portfolio and new product pipeline for this type of strong growth going forward. 
 Based on our performance and momentum in the first half of the year, we're raising our full year outlook, and we now forecast adjusted earnings per share of $3.21 to $3.27, reflecting nearly 13% growth at the midpoint on a reported basis and even faster growth when excluding the impact of foreign exchange. 
 While we achieved broad-based growth across several areas of our portfolio, I'd like to highlight just a few areas where we continue to perform exceptionally well. 
 I'll start our Medical Devices business with FreeStyle Libre, where we achieved sales of $430 million and continued to add significantly to our global user base, as reflected by our organic sales growth of more than 70% in the quarter. We also continue to make excellent progress expanding reimbursement and access in the U.S., where Libre is now reimbursed for approximately 75% of people with private pharmacy benefit insurance. 
 Libre offers a unique value proposition. And as by design, it provides great clinical benefits, and we priced it to ensure affordability. Peers recognize that value -- that recognize that value and are increasingly providing reimbursement coverage for Libre, which also lower out-of-pocket costs even further for patients. 
 As I've mentioned before, we've been investing significantly to expand our manufacturing capacity for Libre to meet demand. The first wave of that expansion will come online in the next couple of months, followed by a cadence of incremental capacity after that. There's a massive population that needs help managing their diabetes, and our intent is to make Libre broadly accessible to all of them. 
 Turning to our Structural Heart business, where we achieved mid-teens growth. This was led by MitraClip, our market-leading device for the treatment of mitral regurgitation, which had global sales growth of more than 30% in the quarter. And MitraClip grew more than 50% in the U.S., where we recently received a new expanded indication. 
 Earlier this week, we announced U.S. approval of our fourth generation MitraClip device, which builds on this leading platform with enhanced features and new clip sizes, providing physicians further options when treating the disease. We've been building our position in Structural Heart for more than a decade and have a deep pipeline of technologies and development, including Tendyne and Cephea, which are minimally invasive devices to replace faulty mitral heart valves. 
 TriClip, a first of its kind device for the repair of a leaky tricuspid heart valve; and AMPLATZER Amulet, our left atrial appendage device, to reduce the risk of stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation. With the rapid adoption of MitraClip in a highly underpenetrated market as well as a pipeline of technologies targeting new growth areas that will launch over the next several years, our Structural Heart business is well positioned for strong, steady growth for years to come.
 Next, Diagnostics, where we remain focused on the global rollout of our Alinity suite of instruments for every area of diagnostics in which we compete. We're making great progress with our systems for immunoassay in clinical chemistry testing in Europe, where the launch of Alinity is helping to drive double-digit growth in our international core laboratory business. We're now also in the early stages of launching Alinity instruments for hematology and molecular testing in Europe. 
 In the U.S., we're making steady progress achieving regulatory approvals for our broad menu of core laboratory tests. And just last week, we announced the FDA approval of Alinity s for blood and plasma screen. 
 Abbott screens the majority of the world's blood supply, and this system is designed to be faster and more efficient within a smaller amount of space while maintaining the highest levels of accuracy. The global rollout of Alinity is an ambitious undertaking that positions our Diagnostics business for sustainable, strong growth going forward.
 So in summary, all 4 of our businesses exceeded expectations in the quarter. Our growth is strong, it's accelerating and it's sustainable. We've strategically positioned ourselves in some of the most attractive areas of health care, and our key growth platforms are delivering impressive results. And today, we're adding to what was already a strong growth forecast by raising our outlook for the year. I'll now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our results and outlook for the year in more detail. Brian? 
Brian Yoor: Okay. Thanks, Miles. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance.
 Turning to our results. Sales for the second quarter increased 7.5%. Sales in medical devices grew 10.5% with double-digit growth in Electrophysiology, Heart Failure, Structural Heart and Diabetes Care. In Nutrition, sales increased 5.1%, led by a strong growth in Adult Nutrition. Sales in Established Pharmaceuticals grew 6.1% with 8% growth in our key emerging markets. And sales increased 6.2% in Diagnostics, led by high single-digit growth in Core Laboratory Diagnostics and sequential improvements in point-of-care and Rapid Diagnostics.
 Exchange had an unbearable impact on total Abbott sales of 4.6%, which was approximately 0.5% more unfavorable to our expectations at the time of our earnings call in April. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 59.4% of sales. Adjusted R&D investment was 7.1% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 29.9% of sales.
 The second quarter adjusted tax rate was 13.7%, lower than our previous full year guidance of around 15%, due entirely to continued implementation of and adaptation to the U.S. tax reform regulations. Our second quarter tax rate reflects the aggregate adjustment to align our tax rate for the first half of 2019 with our revised full year effective tax rate forecast of 14.5%.
 Turning to our outlook for the full year. We now forecast organic sales growth of 7% to 8%. Based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have a negative impact of approximately 3% on our full year reported sales, which is in line with the expected impact we had at the beginning of the year. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of a little less than 59.5% of sales for the full year. This is modestly lower than our prior forecast and reflects the temporary effect of investments to support the unprecedented ramp-up and market adoption of our Alinity diagnostics systems as well as investments in Libre capacity expansion. 
 We forecast adjusted R&D investment of somewhat less than 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 29.5% of sales. And as I mentioned previously, we forecasted an adjusted tax rate of around 14.5% for the full year 2019.
 Turning to our outlook for the third quarter, we forecast adjusted EPS of $0.83 to $0.85, which reflects strong double-digit growth. We forecast organic sales growth of 7% to 8%, and, at current rates, we would expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 1.5% on our third quarter reported sales. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of a little less than 59.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of around 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 29% of sales. 
 Before we open the call for questions, I'll now provide a quick overview of our third quarter organic sales growth outlook by business. For Established Pharmaceuticals, we forecast mid- to high single digit growth. In Nutrition, we forecast mid-single-digit growth. In Diagnostics, we forecast Abbott's legacy diagnostics businesses, which is comprised of core laboratory, molecular and point-of-care to grow high single digits. And in Rapid Diagnostics, we forecast low to mid-single-digit growth. And finally, in Medical Devices, we forecast high single-digit growth, which reflects continued double-digit growth in several areas of this business. 
 With that, we'll now open the call up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
David Lewis: Congrats on the quarter and the guide. And Miles, I have 2 questions for you, the first on diabetes, the second on the outlook for the year. So just starting with diabetes, ADA, Miles, ushered in some concerns around the Libre 2.0 iCGM designation. Should investors read anything into the lack of approval? And what's your confidence level on iCGM approval? And what does the trend in BGM this particular quarter tell us about the Libre adoption? 
Miles White: I'm going to give you a couple of answers here. One, no, we shouldn't have concern. We're confident that we're going to have the approval we expect and what we applied for. So I know that there's always uncertainty until the day comes and questions from investors that know we're confident. And actually, let me ask our COO to give you a little bit of more background and detail on that. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I mean, we -- David, we filed this in iCGM. We made that comment in our last earnings, and we filed as an iCGM. The standards and special controls for the iCGM, they're very clear and they're very transparent as it relates to accuracy, thresholds, alarms, sensor shutoffs, et cetera. So we wouldn't have filed an iCGM if we felt that we're going to fall short of those special controls. In fact, we were encouraged by the agency to file Libre 2 as an iCGM. So I know people want to speculate and kind of tie it to the exact date. We're not behind our timelines, so we're not going to expect there an exact date here, but we expect it relatively soon. 
David Lewis: Okay, very, very helpful. And then the, secondly, Miles, for you is just guidance for the year. So the guidance range suggests, you obviously see 2019 as a year of acceleration over '18. I'm just sort of curious, what gets better into the second half of the year? And if you think about the middle part of the range versus the upper part of the range, what are the key success factors in the back half that gets you to that top end of the range? 
Miles White: Well, I'd say a couple of things, first of all, about the guidance. We are seeing strength in our growth drivers. We've got a lot of launches going on in all segments across the board. We're going to be opening up the capacity, new manufacturing and so forth to supplement Libre. The Alinity systems are obviously successfully rolling out. MitraClip is picking up momentum. A lot of the businesses that I've been sort of chronically dissatisfied with from time to time have also in sequential improvement, which I'm happy to see. I'm never quite satisfied with that. But the pharmaceutical business, the cardiac rhythm management business, the stent business, neuromodulation, the point-of-care Diagnostics business, the Rapid Diagnostics business, which is primarily the Alere acquisition, they're all showing sequential sales growth improvement, which is what we've planned, what we've worked for, et cetera. So based on the strength across the board of all of that, we felt comfortable that, frankly, our growth rate on the top line going forward, we sort of see in that 7% to 8% range. And I challenged the team. I said, is this temporary for the quarter or for the half year thing? Or do we feel fairly sustainable about this? And we feel sustainable about it. 
 So I think that's all good. And then with record earnings, there's a step-up in earnings here in the second half, earnings growth rate. And it's just an unusual quarter. I mean, we always target, as you know, at the beginning of the year, double-digit growth. We always had kind of an aggressive or at least ambitious target for ourselves going into the next year. That's no different now. So in the second half, our earnings remain strong. I don't know, I'm kind of -- I feel pretty good if we do the numbers we say and we never fall short. So it's 18% on the bottom line right now. So you're asking me about what we do to get to the high end of the range? I'm thinking, geez, isn't that good enough? It's a pretty healthy growth rate. So 7% to 8% on the top and high double digit teens on the bottom, I think, is probably best-in-class in the peer group that we're compared to and several different peer groups that we're compared to. And quite frankly, with the breadth of products launching and rollouts, obviously, there's always challenges somewhere in the world in some way, but we seem to be doing pretty well across the board here in all areas, and I think that's a pretty good investment. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Great, and congrats on a good quarter. Maybe 2 product questions for you. I want to hit on MitraClip and Alinity. Maybe you could comment on the status of CMS reimbursement in MitraClip. It doesn't seem to have hindered your growth at all in the quarter, but maybe just give us some update on the timelines, and then maybe some considerations for the trend line of uptick going forward there once you do get approval. 
Miles White: Okay. I'm going to have Robert answer that question for you, and we'll come back to Alinity. 
Robert Ford: So Robbie, so you saw we had a great quarter of MitraClip, global sales over 30%, really driven by U.S. over 50%, the majority of that growth in U.S. really coming through increased productivity in the existing accounts. So we obviously were constantly doing market development, opening new accounts, but a majority of that growth coming through increased utilization. So we've continued to invest in clinical and field sales expansion. And when you do this, they have this direct impact in account utilization and productivity. International was up also double digits in the quarter. You've got Japan, where we believe is a significant opportunity for us long term there where we're building our capabilities in Japan. And Europe saw a rebound in Q2 versus where we were in Q1. I think the teams there, the clinical and medical teams have done a really good job at putting into context and framing some of those conflicting trials that came out in the second half of the year. 
 So we think there's a lot of sustainability here not only in the U.S. I mean, our penetration rates here, in terms of the opportunity, are still kind of low single digits. So we've got a lot of runway here. Regarding your question on CMS, I mean, there's obviously a lot of coordination that's been going on between CMS and the physician societies. We expect the NCD to be opened up a very soon as part of that coordination. As I say, we're not going to forecast an exact timeline here, but we anticipate getting through the process around year-end early next year. But as you said, the process here hasn't really kind of impeded our growth. 
 We have seen a dozen or so private commercial insurance companies already reflect updates to their decision to their coverage to include the new indication. Obviously, the larger segment there is the Medicare segment, but it's good to kind to see that traction in the private segment. So very good quarter. We continue to see this expansion in the second half of the year and towards the end of the year looking at achieving the CMS reimbursement. 
Robert Marcus: Great. And then following up on Alinity. This is one -- it hits all of your different product lines and diagnostics, so it's hard to really pick out, but maybe you could just give us a status update on the progress of the launch in Europe and the just starting launch in the U.S. And maybe any competitive data points you could give us. We see some of your competitors struggling, both on the top line and the margins side, as it relates to competitive systems. Anything you're seeing out in the market that could be useful. Appreciate it. 
Miles White: Sure. Well, so first, you made a comment that it touches every part of diagnostics. That's true. And these are 6 different systems, the immunoassay system, the clinical chemistry system, obviously a smaller point of care system for that market. There's a dedicated blood and plasma screening system, and then, of course, hematology and molecular. And they're all at various stages of rollout. The one that is the furthest along would be the rollout of our immunoassay and clinical chemistry systems in the core laboratories of Europe. We're also in the process of expanding menu approvals in the United States and China and Southeast Asia, where customers want to have a certain critical mass of menu as they make the conversion from whatever they're using to these new Alinity systems. 
 So I'd say we're running as fast as we can, I think, at this point, in Europe, and that's going pretty well. There's over 3,000 systems placed now running test, generating revenue, et cetera. We do measure not just the deal, the close of a deal, et cetera. We measure what is called test of record when the account is up and running, generating results, generating tests, et cetera. 
 And so I'd say that process is going well. That's going to begin to pick up more momentum in the United States as we're getting more and more menu breadth. Same with China. We're tracking all of that pretty closely as we build those menus. We're talking hundreds of tests. We did recently get approval for the Alinity as the blood and plasma screening system. Today, we screen about 80% of the world's blood supply as it is. This is -- it's an important transition product that labs, I think, will find more efficient, more economic, et cetera, but that's a plus. 
 We closed and started up the Japanese Red Cross, which is the largest Japanese blood screening organization, and we took that from a long-standing Japanese competitor. So that was a big win for us. So there's just a lot of success that way. 
 Hematology's in the very early stages of rolling out, the molecular system in the earliest stage of rolling out. And which is why this will be, I guess, a slower moving launch that's got sort of years of growth and momentum in it as we look over the next, call it, 5 to 7 years to completely replace an existing installed base and add a lot of new share and new volume. And to that end, I think we've quoted you before, that remains true. In accounts where we already have the business, we're winning about 95% of the time. And in accounts where we do not have the business, and there's an entrenched competitor of ours, we're winning about 60% of the time. Those win rates and penetration rates and share gains and so forth in our experience so far, over now what I said is over 3,000 instruments, tell us that we've got a very competitive system. We do run into, on the occasional accounts, a heavy-duty price-cutting. 
 We've got a very disciplined system of our pricing and contracting in accounts. We have not had to do that. I think that speaks to the superiority of the instrument and assay offering. So we're feeling like our offering is uniquely competitive. It's borne out by the win rates no matter what type of account. It's unprecedented to launch these many systems across-the-board in all areas. So I think this only picks up momentum and gets better as the assay menu expands and as there's some experience in the field with the analyzers. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. 
Robert Hopkins: Just 2 quick questions, one for Miles and a big picture, and then one quick financial question if okay. Miles, if okay, I wanted to ask a question on the management team additions that you announced recently. Congrats on hiring Lisa to run devices. And I guess, my  question is, when Robert was promoted as COO back on October of last year, Abbott said that Robert would keep devices. So just wondering if you could comment on kind of the reasons for the change, what Robert will do with all his newfound free time. And investors are always curious about your long-term plans. So it's a question on the recent hire. 
Miles White: Okay. Well, I can tell you he's not playing golf. We -- I'd say a couple of things. First of all, we anticipated that for the time being, we wanted him to stay directly on top of the medical device business because he's been responsible for the bringing onboard St. Jude. As we acquired that, he was integral to that entire integration. We went through, with St. Jude, a reorganization of the business to align with the way we like to run a business at Abbott. And I guess I would describe that as we like to have a fully integrated business, meaning the general manager of that business, president of that business has responsibility for commercial -- the commercial people, commercial sales, of the customers, et cetera, but also manufacturing, R&D, technical support, service, et cetera. We like all those functions reporting into one GM. 
 And so we realigned St. Jude. We did the same with Alere, quite frankly, when we took them over. And so each of the business has full integrated general management responsibility. And that was a transition, and Robert led that. It's all in place. That meant that we added a number of experienced general managers. We replaced some who had left us as part of the St. Jude or Alere acquisitions and so forth. So we went through a management transition. And at the same time, there's been a little bit of a generational change happening here. Quite certainly, there's been an awful lot of people that has been part of my management team for a long time. And a lot of our managers are long-term Abbott groomed and grown management team, but we've also been thinking about making sure that with all the growth we've got, the new products, the new organization, the new structure of that organization that we're always looking at the talent and the experience of our management team as we look forward now toward, let's just call it, a decade of what I think is going to be pretty robust growth. 
 So in that, we needed to replace the EVP role that Robert has held previous to his Chief Operating Officer role. We did that. We went outside for that and, of course, sourced Lisa, who we think has terrific background and experience for that. We're very pleased to have brought fresh perspective and great experience and great energy level into the company. So we're very pleased with that. 
 We went through a little further, I'd say, organization change to kind of break up what had gotten big and perhaps unwieldy, in some cases, into slightly smaller units because we are managing some pretty aggressive growth capital improvement, plant building, et cetera, in a number of these businesses, including diagnostics. And to give us more focus around it, we've done some of that adjusting. 
 I feel like that's gone very smoothly and very well. Obviously, we read into Robert, who's in his mid-40s, moving up into the COO role, that we expect him to be in a key leadership role at the company for a long time. Read between the lines. 
 And so there's a preparation process going on. And I think one of the most important things I can do, after leading the company for so long, is to make sure that when a transition comes, nobody notices. And the best legacy to leave is that the momentum of this company. Its growth and its prospects are every bit as good going forward as we think they are now and, from my perspective, a smooth leadership transition, which is not just me, it's literally right down through the upper ranks of all management is key and important. And I feel like of all of the sort of track record of legacies that I can give this company, I think a transition that way is probably the most important of all. 
 So you can read into it that we're preparing for continuity of leadership, what I would call it, with no speed bumps. And I think that actually is going exceptionally well. Will I give you a time frame? No. Do I think we should be nervous about it? No. I think that this company is so poised to perform well across the board for years to come that I've got great confidence in that continuity and the management team because we've got a nice mix here of very experienced and trained Abbott people and people we've brought from other companies on the outside like Lisa. And I think the mix we've got in that team is exceptional. Robert's been with the company over 20 years. I've known him every bit of those 20-plus years, and I think he brings to his job right now tremendous experience, perspective, everything you would look for in a leader, as a COO of the company. So from my perspective, I think this is nothing but good and just keeps getting better. 
Robert Hopkins: Very, very helpful, Miles. That's great perspective. And just, it seems like an odd transition, but I do have a little question on the tax rate. Just quickly for Brian. You guys have been doing a great job over the last couple of years of kind of slowly and steadily bringing the tax rate down. And I know you made comments on the year, but maybe if you could just talk bigger picture. Is -- where are you in that process? And are the current rates that we're seeing here today sustainable down here in the kind of low-ish teens? 
Brian Yoor: Yes, Bob. We always set the tax rate to where we think it's sustainable. We don't like it to be bounced around. We want to be steady. And we assess the rates as they come out. We had a series of rates come out just recently and digested those. We're always adapting to that and adapting to the situation to be as efficient as we can here. 14.5% is where I'd call the sustainable rate right now as we look forward. I will say, and we can't predict the future, but there's another series of clarity around rates that will come up in Q3. And when that happens, we will digest that and adapt accordingly as well. But as we sit here today, we're happy with the efficiency of our tax rate and continue to manage it for sustainability. And we just don't want to see it bumping around on you or us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristen Stewart from Barclays. 
Kristen Stewart: Congrats on a great quarter. Miles, I was wondering if you could just talk through your thinking on just the level of investments in the company and just how you think about how much of this really impressive top line you let flow through, and then also, just from a capital allocation perspective, how you're just thinking about going forward with the company, just given the growth dynamics that you have and/or opportunities you could see to maybe strengthen some of the other business lines that maybe offer a little bit more lackluster growth with the medical devices. 
Miles White: Okay. Well, I'd give you a couple of perspectives. First of all, the great thing is we've got a lot of things to invest in. From a capital standpoint, obviously, it was important for us to pay down debt. We did. We've paid down a significant amount going on $10 billion at this point. And as we've said before, we're in a comfortable position of strategic flexibility, but that doesn't mean we're dying to go use it. 
 So the next need was, obviously, we've got some capital to put into plant and expansion, and we've put a fair amount into both Diagnostics and Libre at this point. We're investing in expansion of plant and manufacturing for MitraClip and other products. So given that we've got an awful lot of growth happening and the potential for more, obviously, we've got to support that growth from a plant and capital standpoint in a timely fashion and appropriate quality and so forth, and we're doing that. And so there's capital use, et cetera, there. Will we continue to pay down debt? We will. We'll be prudent and careful about making sure it makes sense it's the right debt, right time and all that good stuff. 
 We'll maintain a healthy, strong dividend. We increased it substantially at the end of last year. We'll continue to grow our dividend. Given where the PE is now, I've been told by a number of shareholders that trying to get that yield rate upward dividend funds are happy as is difficult, but that's a nice problem to have. We will continue to grow our dividend. It's been a hallmark of the company for decades, and it will continue to be. And then it's not always that prudent to buy back shares. The timing matters, the return matters, et cetera. Is it an option? Yes, it is. I probably won't get too carried away because, frankly, we're able to grow and return cash to shareholders a number of different ways and return good return to our shareholders. So it's always an option as it presents itself. We've just got a lot we can do. If you're asking about M&A and other things, we don't feel like right now that we need something, nor do we think we see something that we can add sufficient value to, to make it worth it to invest in. And we've got so many organic growth opportunities that, while we continue to monitor and we're always tracking opportunities in all of our businesses, I can't tell you that, that's real front burner right now. We don't ignore it. We don't -- we try to maintain our currency on the things that we might be interested in. We just did a small acquisition in Germany. That's a nice adjunctive thing to our Diagnostics business in terms of automation and so forth. There are things like that, that I think are valuable for us. But we have so much growth potential and opportunity in devices, diagnostics, even nutrition and pharma that we're just not out cut and real hard on the M&A front right now, nor do I foresee that being true for quite a while. So that's the capital side. 
 On the expense side, we're always trying to balance the voracious appetite of investors for growing earnings with investing in the growth of the business. And I doubt that there's a general manager or business at Abbott that wouldn't claim that if we gave them more money, they could spend it effectively and efficiently to grow our products faster. So we're always trying to find the right balance of how much gas that's thrown in the fire or the growth of the products with returning a healthy return to the expectations of our investors. I think that's always a balance because there's always some investor who thinks there must be an extra $0.01 in the quarter. And I was speaking to somebody this morning who asked about that very issue of another $0.01. And I said, "The issue here is much bigger than $0.01." We've got tremendous growth. Our top line were accelerating. It's strong. It's sustainable. This isn't about $0.01 in a given quarter, this is about a pretty, healthy sales growth rate and a commensurate healthy growth rate on the bottom line that's unusual in our sector and particularly unusual for companies of our size to be able to sustain such a healthy growth rate with so much new product richness for the coming years. And it's not a coming quarter, it's coming years. 
 So you raised the right question, is how do we keep investing in the spending in R&D and the sales and marketing expenses to drive that growth? And we're trying to find that right balance as well by putting enough fuel to the fire here to drive the growth rates even higher 
Kristen Stewart: Okay, then. Just one question on how do you view -- the medical device business growth was phenomenal this quarter. How do you just think about the ability to sustain that level of growth? It seems that Medical Devices has a bit of a tale of 2 cities with several businesses reporting really nice, strong double-digit growth, but a couple of obvious businesses kind of still lagging around that flattish growth. How do you kind of think about the longer-term dynamic there? 
Miles White: Yes. You've got a mix of business this year. You've got some that are a little mature than others, some that have brand new products that are perfect innovations. In general, in Medical Devices, innovation is what drives the growth. And over time, that's the case. And different businesses are at different stages of either maturity or new innovation. We believe there's still a lot of opportunity there. 
 I remember in my discussions with Dan Starks when we were renegotiating over the acquisition of St. Jude, Dan felt pretty strongly that the pipeline of St. Jude was underappreciated and, that in their own internal models, that the growth rate was out there in the high single digits. The Street didn't agree with that at the time because it didn't see it yet, et cetera. But Dan was right, and I think that we've seen that in the performance of the medical device business we acquired from St. Jude because it's been performing at sort of a 9% to 10% level as new products have gone to the market, either replacing older products or just simply brand new products altogether. 
 So I'd say the first thing about Medical Devices is you've got to keep innovating in new spaces. MitraClip's new space, Heart Failure and HeartMate and so forth, these are new spaces, new technologies, et cetera. Libre is that. Libre is unique. It approaches a mass market, not a niche market. Most medical devices address niches of therapy. But diabetes is something that affects more than 80 million people around the world who would benefit from Libre in about a 50-50 split of type 1s and type 2s. And that is massive. It's unlike anything seen before in device for diagnostic businesses. And so there's just an enormous, enormous opportunity there. To be honest, traditional medical device companies aren't used to having to deal with at that kind of scale. 
 And so we're addressing that by investing very heavily in manufacturing expansion, so that we can go after the mass market, not a niche. And so I think the sustainability of the growth is driven not only by the innovation, but the ability to go after much bigger markets at a much more affordable level. More people will have access. There will be more growth as we make technologies and products more and more affordable. 
 And then finally, you asked about some of the businesses that aren't growing that fast. And I'd say, well, I'm always disappointed that they're not growing as fast as we'd like them to, but I am pleased that we've seen sequential improvement quarter-to-quarter in almost all of them. We've seen that in CRM. We've seen it neuromod. We've seen it even EPD and stents and so forth. We're seeing incremental improvement. Some of these businesses as more mature businesses may not see strong or high single digit or double digit growth, but I think they're still capable of pretty strong growth in the low to mid-single-digit area, and there's still a lot of upside. 
 If we take a CRM business from what is flat slightly negative to 3% or 4%, that's a pretty big bump in growth. We'd be -- if it was going from 10% to 14%, we'd be all excited about it. So the same incremental growth improvement, I think, is possible. It's just at a lower level. So I think that there's a lot here to sustain the kind of growth we're seeing. There's always going to be new products like Libre or a MitraClip or a HeartMate that singularly for a period of time disproportionally drive the overall growth. One of the benefits of having many businesses in the device arena is there's always going to be somewhere that's growing that way and other places where we're innovating for the future. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets. 
Joanne Wuensch: I'd like to spend a little bit of time on Nutrition, particularly international nutrition. And the adult piece of that really did well in the quarter. Is there anything you could give us as an update on that particular franchise? 
Robert Ford: Yes. So we had a, as you've noticed, sequential improvement in our Nutrition business. We're very pleased with the performance. We continue to see kind of above market growth in several of the countries. We've made a lot of enhancements and changes in people and strategies to enhance our competitiveness over the years, new products execution, and we get to see that. We do think it is sustainable. We are executing well. We kind of see the market in that 3% to 4% range. So -- and we're always striving for something above that. And you saw that again in this quarter with a 5% kind of growth and good execution in our adult business specifically coming out of Asia. 
Miles White: To OUS business, Joanne, was up a little over 10% in the adult, OUS adult business. And a lot of that is new product innovation, new formats, expansion in given markets like Vietnam and other places, where we've got pretty good strongholds, but also a lot of opportunity for further growth. 
 So we've put a lot more intention on some of those. I'd say historically, in this business, the U.S. and China always get all the attention. But there's a lot of opportunity in, as Robert said, Southeast Asian markets and others, where there's still a lot of growth, India and the like, and particularly in the adult segment. 
Joanne Wuensch: And as my second question, one of the "problem children" in Medical Devices is in neuromodulation. Can you walk us through a pathway to the recovery in that? 
Robert Ford: Yes, sure. So we saw an improvement in Q2. Obviously, that's not our landing spot. We're obviously not where we want to be, but an improvement there. We completed the sales force expansion that we've been talking about. We increased the sales force by about 40%. And when you go through something like that, Joanne, there's some disruption that occurs in terms of cutting the territories and the training, et cetera. So we've completed that, and now, obviously, the focus is improving the productivity of that sales team. And we saw that in the second quarter. If you look at some of the KPIs, we look at whether it's trials or trial to permanent implant conversion rates. We saw definitely sequential improvement versus Q1, and we expect that to improve as we go into the second half of this year. 
 A big portion of this also is, I'd say, product innovation life cycle. You've seen a couple of quarters now where there really hasn't been any kind of launch from competitors in this space. That's a key driver also. So sales force productivity and execution, we'll start to see some of our innovation output we made double the investment in that R&D business over the last couple of years. And we'll start to see some output of that in the second half of this year, beginning of next year in terms of new products that will provide, I'd say, more for the sales team to kind of work with. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Matthew Taylor from UBS. 
Matthew Taylor: I wanted to circle back on Libre on 2 points. So the first is that you mentioned that you're working on increasing the capacity. There was an article yesterday, and Reuters said that you're expanding capacity by 3x or 5x. And so if we think about Libre this year as approaching maybe $2 billion based on consensus, does that mean that ultimately, you think it could be a $6 billion to $10 billion type of product as you go mass market? And can you talk about how you can step on the gas in the second half of the year without additional capacity in the approval of Libre 2 to more rapidly expand use? 
Miles White: Man, you are one aggressive guy. I remember I've got this call or this question last quarter, I can't recall if it was you, on whether we thought we could get the $5 billion and how soon, and gosh, 3 months later, it's $10 billion. I've got the same ambitions, to be honest. I just wouldn't have expected them 90 days later. But to answer your question, I think that kind of potential is there. I think it's awfully hard to speculate about a number that big. But will we -- do I think we'll get the $5 billion? And do I think we'll do it in a reasonable time, $5 billion of sales over? Yes, I do. And I think it's -- the growth rate here is reflective of not only the size of the market, but the need and utility and affordability of the product. And I think it's just, as I've said many times, it's a very different market where affordability and the utility, the access, all those things make this a mass market product, not a niche. And it's designed for that. It's priced for that. It's a very profitable product. And we're going through the large-scale, scale-up of addressing that kind of growth, which is unprecedented for products in our space. 
 So do I think it can grow to that sort of level? I won't jinx anything by trying to make some prognostication about $10 billion, but I would say that I think it's got enormous potential. And it's got potential beyond glucose. It's got potential as a wearable in other analytes and other products over time. We have R&D programs underway, not only for the repeated enhancement, improvement, expansion of Libre, but also in the other categories beyond diabetes and other analytes and so forth. So I think that there's just a lot of things that will evolve over the coming years here that, today, people weren't even contemplating with the product. We're going as hard as we can at the glucose opportunity, which is enormous. But there's so much more beyond that, that, I think, at least to your aspirational consideration, to be honest, has validity. I'm just not ready to put any numbers around it. 
Matthew Taylor: And then maybe one last follow-up. That was a great answer, but just wanted to get your feedback on what you think is misunderstood about Libre today when you get feedback from investors that bubbles up to you. Where do you think that the internal view of Libre really differs from The Street's perception or people's perception? 
Miles White: Geez, I don't know. Let me ask the COO. He's been living with it a long time. 
Robert Ford: Yes. I think when we went out about this several years ago, the challenge here, Matt, wasn't to get an accurate reading of glucose from interstitial fluid. Navigator, when we have launched it back in 2008, we were able to do that. It was very accurate, and we're able to get an accurate reading. The challenge that we went about with Libre is how to do that in a way that is cost-effective for the health systems and for consumers and for all of that. So that was what we really went after, is how can you get the accurate reading at a cost position at the core of Libre? And you might remember at the time, Navigator at the time was considered the most accurate sensor. In the core of Libre is that chemistry, is that core technology of Navigator, which provides accurate, reliable readings, but we're able to do that at a cost position that now makes sense for the insurance and for the payer community and the health systems to cover it. It wasn't a question of whether the outcomes were right or whether the outcomes were enough. They were convinced that the outcomes were there for sensor-based glucose monitoring. It was just, can I now do it in a way that makes sense for me to do it on a mass scale? And Miles just talked about this about mass scale. That's what we went after 10 years ago. And that's at the core. And I think maybe that's misunderstood because a lot of this discussion gets focused on, well, accuracy at this level and accuracy at that level. And the reality is accuracy is obviously important, but our goal here is to make this massively available without having to sacrifice accuracy. And the fact that we priced it at a different price point wouldn't say necessarily imply that it's somehow missing something, we just have a different strategy and adjustment view of what we could do. 
Miles White: The only product out there that The Street has been able to compare it to is expensive and high cost and aimed at a niche in the United States. Ours is not expensive, and it's not high cost. It does not lack for clinical performance, accuracy or any of the like. But because the manufacturing is so sophisticated and automated, we were able to achieve a pretty low cost in what is a pretty sophisticated product. It's a highly profitable product, so we haven't compromised that it's a product that is successful in terms of profit. That's not been compromised at all. It has a completely different design and approach and cost structure. It relies on scale for that cost, and we've actually seen improving gross margin. 
 We've told you before the gross margin is over 60%. It is and rising. And that's with a heavy capital investment, so that we can produce the kind of volume that is broadly available. So I think among the misunderstandings out there, I think people say, "Well, geez, how do you make money?" Oh, we make money. We do just fine, thank you. And the product is designed to be affordable and accessible. I guess, there are some days when we think, if the health care market community ensures payers, Congress, patients, whatever, I always say it's got to be lower cost. The health care has got to be more affordable. Here's our example. And it is. It's massively so. And so we've gone at it with that approach to make it broadly available. Broadly, in this case means 80 million people worldwide. That's unprecedented. 
 So I'm not sure that the device community has totally understood it because it's so different. But we keep saying so. And I think now as the new capacity comes online, we've also staged the capacity so that literally, every 90 days, we're adding another increment, significant incremental capacity. We will not be capacity-constrained. And that kind of release is a lot of freedom to market and push the product forward and even open up markets we haven't opened yet. So I think there's a lot of opportunity here. And I think to, I think, opportunity -- there's opportunity for a number of things like this, as I mentioned earlier, in what's called the wearables market, the more affordable and accessible technologies make products like this, then I think we're going to see a very different market expansion. 
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A video -- a webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central time today on Abbott Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-16 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Robert Ford, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks, and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, we'll take your questions. 
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2019. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Please note that first quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. 
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in our earnings news release issued earlier today. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles. 
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, Scott, and good morning. Today, we announced results for the first quarter and we're off to another good start. Our sales growth was strong and right on target, coming in at 7% on an organic basis in the quarter, and ongoing earnings per share of $0.63 exceeded our previous guidance range. Our full year 2019 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $3.15 to $3.25 remains unchanged and reflects midteens growth at the midpoint on a constant currency basis. As we've discussed previously, our emphasis today is on organic execution in the company. Today, all of our businesses have positive long-term outlooks and are well positioned with excellent products and attractive markets. At the start of the year, we issued guidance that reflected another year of strong performance. And for the first quarter, we're right on track with those expectations. We're particularly pleased with the exceptional performance of several long-term growth drivers that are leading the way, including FreeStyle Libre, MitraClip and the Alinity systems. These life-changing technologies are positively impacting lives and achieving impressive results. 
 I'll now summarize our first quarter results before turning the call over to Brian, and I'll start with Diagnostics, where sales were led by Core Laboratory growth of 10%. Alinity, our family of next-generation diagnostic systems, is driving strong growth internationally, and we continue to achieve significant above-market growth in the United States. In Europe, we are both converting existing customers to Alinity and winning competitive bids for new business at a very high rate. We also recently increased our launch efforts for Alinity h, our hematology system, and obtained CE Mark for Alinity m, our highly automated Molecular Diagnostics system along with several infectious disease tests. And we're expanding our menu of tests in key markets such as China and the United States. With a steady menu expansion on multiple different instruments across geographies, Alinity will be a significant growth driver for years to come. 
 In Nutrition, sales increased more than 6.5% in the quarter, reflecting strong execution and new product introductions. We continue to see good underlying market demand and growth, and we're achieving above-market growth in several geographies, particularly Asia and Latin America. Sales growth this quarter was balanced across our Pediatric and Adult Nutrition businesses with our core leading brands of Similac, PediaSure and Ensure all contributing to strong growth overall.
 In Established Pharmaceuticals, sales growth of 5.5% was right in line with our expectations and was a sequential improvement quarter-to-quarter. Performance in the quarter was led by a 7.5% growth in our key emerging markets, which represent the most attractive long-term growth countries for our branded generics portfolio and include India, Brazil, Russia and China, along with several other emerging countries. Underlying growth dynamics in these countries continue to remain strong and intact. 
 And lastly, I'll cover Medical Devices, where sales grew nearly 10%, led by strong double-digit growth in Heart Failure, Structural Heart, Electrophysiology and Diabetes Care. In Heart Failure, growth of 23% was led by rapid U.S. market adoption of our HeartMate 3 left ventricular assist device following FDA approval of a long-term use indication late last year. The superior patient outcomes demonstrated in the clinical trial that supported this approval have been a critical component of the growth and the share capture that we're achieving. 
 In Structural Heart, several products across our broad portfolio contributed to strong double-digit growth in the quarter, including MitraClip, our market-leading device for the treatment of mitral regurgitation, a condition caused by a leaky heart valve.
 During the quarter, we announced U.S. FDA approval for a new expanded indication for MitraClip, which significantly expands the number of people that can be treated. The formal process of seeking Medicare reimbursement for this new indication has been initiated. 
 During the quarter, we also filed for CE Mark for our new triclip device, a first of its kind minimally invasive device for repairing a leaky tricuspid heart valve. We plan to initiate our U.S. pivotal trial for triclip in the coming months. 
 I'll wrap up with Diabetes Care, where sales grew over 40% in the quarter led by FreeStyle Libre, our market-leading continuous glucose monitoring system, or CGM. Libre continues to perform exceptionally well with worldwide sales of $380 million in the quarter, reflecting growth of 80% with global leadership among CGM systems for both type 1 and type 2 users. In order to meet the tremendous demand that we're seeing for Libre, we're adding a significant amount of new manufacturing capacity, which will come online starting in the second half of this year.
 So in summary, we're right on track with our high expectations to start the year. All of our long-term growth drivers are intact and achieving significant growth, including FreeStyle Libre, MitraClip and Alinity. And we're well positioned to achieve the top tier sales and EPS growth targets that we set at the beginning of the year.
 I'll now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our results and outlook for the year in more detail. Brian? 
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Miles. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance.
 Turning to our results. Sales for the first quarter increased 7.1%, and exchange had a negative impact of 4.8% on sales versus the prior year. Reported sales increased 2% in the quarter. Regarding other aspects of the P&L. The adjusted gross margin ratio was 58.6% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 7.4% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 32.3% of sales. All of these ratios were in line with previous guidance.
 Turning to our outlook for the full year. We continue to forecast organic sales growth of 6.5% to 7.5%. Based on current exchange rates, we would expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 2.5% on our full year reported sales, with the vast majority of the impact expected to occur in the first half of the year. We continue to forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of somewhat above 59.5% of sales for the full year, which reflects underlying gross margin improvement across our businesses. We continue to forecast adjusted R&D investment of around 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 29.5% of sales for the full year. 
 Turning to our outlook for the second quarter. We forecast adjusted EPS of $0.79 to $0.81, which reflects strong double-digit underlying growth, partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange on our results. We forecast organic sales growth of around 7%. And at current rates, we would expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 4% on our second quarter reported sales. We forecasted adjusted gross margin ratio of somewhat above 59% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of a little less than 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 29.5% of sales. Lastly, we forecast net interest expense of around $150 million in the second quarter. 
 Before we open the call for questions, I'll now provide a quick overview of our second quarter sales growth outlook by business. For Established Pharmaceuticals, we forecast mid-single-digit growth, which is comprised of mid- to high single-digit growth in our priority key emerging markets along with a modest decline in other EPD sales, which reflects the recent continuation of a noncore, low-margin supply agreement. In Nutrition, we forecast mid-single-digit sales growth. In Diagnostics, we forecast Abbott's legacy Diagnostics business, which is comprised of Core Laboratory, Molecular Point of Care, to grow mid- to high single digits. In Rapid Diagnostics, we forecast low to mid-single-digit sales growth. And in Medical Devices, we forecast high single-digit sales growth, which reflects continued double-digit growth in several areas of this business. 
 With that, we will now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Matt Taylor from UBS. 
Matthew Taylor: So it was encouraging to see a lot of the big growth drivers here stay on track and really drive healthy double-digit growth. I was wondering if you could spend some time on each of those and specifically address Libre. I think a lot of investors are anticipating Libre 2 and other enhancements that you could make there in addition to all the capacity you're adding. So can you talk about the pathway for Libre and some of the other big growth drivers? 
Miles White: Sure, Matt. Thank you. I think I would say a couple things first before I focus just on Libre. We're seeing strength across the board in a lot of device and diagnostic areas. There is a geography here and there, a product line here and there that we might not be completely satisfied with. But I think if you look at us, our product areas, even competitors in various spaces in medical devices, this whole sector is doing pretty well and the growth rates have improved in a number of cases. I know that there was a lot preearnings noise out there about the continuity of the med device sector. I have to say from my perspective, I see nothing but a strong sector going forward. While we've got great pipelines and great products, I think the entire sector has a bright future ahead of us here and the markets are all pretty attractive for us. 
 So first of all, I think we're in a much healthier environment than might be reflected right now, and I think a lot of companies are actually doing really well in that environment. There's a lot of good new products and pipelines out there. I think the whole thing is pretty healthy. And then specifically to us, we've got, in our case, I think great pipeline, great new products and launches in many of the segments and sectors we're in. 
 To focus on Diabetes Care as a start, that's been a particular bright spot where, clearly, new technology and affordable technology has made a very big difference in life for diabetics, both type 1 and type 2 worldwide. Libre has been a pretty powerful leader in that segment on all accounts and all points. We've been pretty enthused about its success, its uptake, its reception by patients all over the world. In a fairly short amount of time, we've achieved global leadership in terms of continuous glucose monitoring in both type 1 and type 2. I think part of the attraction to patients is obviously not having the finger stick. The information, the continuous nature of it, the way it allows diabetics to manage their health and manage diabetes has been life-changing, and that's been reflective. And I think very importantly, it's been affordable to a degree that it's really -- it's become a very broadly accessible technology, which was our intent with it. It's got a unique ease-of-use and it's got appeal for any kind of patient. So I think that's pretty important and it's reflected in the reimbursements worldwide. 80% of sales are now reimbursed internationally over 30 countries. Well over half of U.S. lives commercially -- commercial lives are covered. So we're seeing a lot of support for the product in all ways. 
 We've mentioned a number of times that we've invested heavily in capacity expansion. That is correct. We put significant investment into that. And as we've noted a couple of times, the first waves of that come online in the second half of this year, and then there's a steady cadence of capacity expansions underway that will come online sequentially after that. There won't be any constraints to the growth that's possible there. I think it's going to be a very different kind of device or diagnostic product than we've seen in the past. Because there are so many of millions of diabetics worldwide, this is not a niche product, not for type 1s or type 2s. There's not a niche here. There's a massive population around the world that needs to manage diabetes, and this product will be broadly accessible to all of them. So it calls for quite a lot of capacity and in the second half of this year that will be initiated. 
 We have a number of things we're expecting and waiting for. You asked about Libre 2. That is under review at the FDA. We have filed Libre 2 with alarms in the U.S. as an iCGM. We're not going to forecast FDA review time lines, but we clearly have expectations to achieve that milestone. I'm trying to think of what else to tell you about that. It's already on the market in Europe. 
Matthew Taylor: Maybe just one, that was very comprehensive, and I'll give you a second to think there. I think the one follow-up I had was just on Libre 2. You mentioned iCGM. Can you talk about your confidence in your ability to get that? And I also wanted to ask about the payer dynamics. Before -- last call, you talked about some preferential co-pays. Can you talk about any developments that you're seeing on the payer side in terms of support for Libre? 
Miles White: Yes. I'll tell you what, I'll let our Chief Operating Officer, who's come from that business, answer that question for you. Robert? 
Robert Ford: Yes. So on Libre 2, specifically in the U.S., the filing of iCGM, I'll just say we know what the iCGM standards are. We know what needs to be achieved. And we filed in the U.S. as an iCGM knowing what the standards need to be achieved. So we look at what we filed and we look at the standards, and we look at what we filed and we know that we meet those standards. So to Miles' point, we're not going to forecast here as to when that approval will come through. But I think it's clear in terms of what we filed and why we filed. 
 Regarding payers, specifically in the U.S., I think that what we've always intended for this product is to remove some of the hurdles, and affordability was one of those. And if you look at a lot of the evolution of the reimbursement here in the U.S. that's slowly moving from something that was -- with a lot of prior authorizations, only going through mail order to now looking very much like the blood glucose monitoring market where we start to see less prior authorizations, formulary positions that are allowing patients to go to a pharmacy and pick that up. So a lot of our managed care strategy was focused on driving that shift, and a key part of that is the access and affordability. So we're seeing that in our managed care coverage. As Miles said, we're over 50% now of managed care life coverage in this patient population. And you see the shift into pharmacy. If you look at the script data, total Rxes, you can see that shift. You can see that occurring with Libre. And that was a very intentional strategy to accelerate adoption, specifically in the U.S., by going to pharmacy, which is something that hadn't been done before with CGM systems. And we did that, and we're starting to kind of move that category into the pharmacy. 
Miles White: Matt, I know you guys like that. You can track publicly. You can track that every week. And we've been pretty pleased with the performance going through pharmacy. The patient acquisition and so forth continues to be obviously strong, frankly, right in line with our growth rates around the world, as you'd expect, because we're not trying to drive price here. We're trying to drive the volume and acquisition of patients. And obviously, that's going pretty strongly. So there's nothing but happiness about this product. I can tell you, we're pretty happy with it. It's doing really well. I actually think we're kind of in its early stages. And at this point, there's over 1 million type 1 users of Libre around the world and those only make up 2/3 of our user base. So with this kind of a growth rate, that kind of a user base with the capacity expansion coming online, we're obviously expecting this to be a continuingly big and bigger product for us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
David Lewis: Just a couple questions for me. One, more broadly for Miles and maybe a quick follow-up. Miles, I just wonder if you can kind of share with us how you see sort of the pacing of the year from here. I think in the fourth quarter, the messaging was core growth drivers very much intact, some one-off dynamics were suppressing growth and you expected that growth to improve in the first quarter. And sure enough, that's sort of what happened here, back in sort of the 7% range. As you think about the balance of the year, you had these core growth drivers doing relatively well, a couple of businesses probably not performing where you'd like to perform. So how do we think about the pacing of the business from the first quarter on given some of these very solid businesses and some of the businesses that are not performing as you'd like? 
Miles White: Well, a couple of sort of baseline comments there. Every year, we're going to the year and the gating of earnings per share for any given quarter tends to start out lower at the front end of the year and it always looks back-end loaded and -- toward the third and fourth quarters. I'd say, increasingly, that's leveling a little bit in that it's still a climb as the year goes on. But in our case, it's reflecting growth and penetration of new products. And there's a couple of seasonalities in there, but they're not big enough to really affect the overall earnings profile. We've increasingly seen stronger and stronger first quarters. But to be honest, third and fourth is always strong, but it's driven right now by the incredible growth of Alinity, Libre, HeartMate, MitraClip. There's so much real growth in the new products that are launching that it just gets better and better as the year rolls on. So I think it's always hard to gate to the penny. We try to get our estimates to a point like that. Then we're always subject to a couple of lumpy comparisons to whatever happened last year and so on, I guess, because it looks optically weird when it's bumpy. But the fact is the growth is steady. As you said, it's not only intact, it's strong. But there are a couple of places you could poke and say, "Okay, you must not be satisfied with that." And I'd say, "Yes, you're right about that." 
 But while we've got some places we're putting a lot of more focus on and we've obviously miscalled the pace of improvement, I'd say, in general, I'm glad that what we have to work on for improvement is where it is and not in these major growth drivers. So Alinity is performing strongly. We are winning over 95% of accounts where we already have the business, and we're winning almost 2/3 of the accounts where we're head-to-head with an entrenched competitor. That's pretty powerful data when you consider that customers have to switch out mainframe systems. It's a big commitment. It takes months. There are long-term contracts. So -- but winning almost 2/3 of those new business, new accounts, that's pretty significant. That's a pretty powerful endorsement by the market of the Alinity systems and the laboratory solutions we're offering. We're seeing improvement in growth just about every place. 
 I'm really pleased with Nutrition. I had to sit here on this call a number of times and explain, well, we're expecting it to get a little better. But it's performing really well and I think consistently so across all geographies and across both major product lines there. That's been a nice story. And we've estimated to you that the growth rate of that business going forward we will look for in the 4% to 6% range. And obviously, we're a little beyond that. I don't know that we're going to constantly be beyond that. But that 4% to 6% range is all good. So anywhere in there is pretty good for us. There does tend to be some up and down with it in some countries depending on holidays and seasons and so forth. But overall, if we're not watching it week to week, that's a pretty strong business right now and we like what we see. The management has done a great job worldwide. 
 So as far as quarters coming, I'm hard-pressed to find a lot of things to point at as watchouts other than, as you pointed out, we got a couple of places where we think we've got work to do and to improve the performance of the business. I'm pleased that we can show that we know how to correct the performance of an underperforming business. But as you would probably rightly point out to me right now, there's a couple that are taking longer than I might have guessed. 
David Lewis: Okay. Miles, very helpful as we think about the balance of the year. So I guess my follow-up would just be the other major growth driver investors are focused on is MitraClip. So by our math, it looks like the U.S. business accelerated for MitraClip even before the NCD. And I wonder if you could just sort of, A, talk about your time at the NCD, what you're seeing in the U.S. And then we had this other study, MITRA-FR, in the European business and our sense on diligence is that's maybe suppressing some performance ex U.S. So maybe time of the NCD, U.S. trends and sort of what you're seeing ex U.S. and outlook for the year. 
Miles White: Okay. I'm going to have Robert take that. 
Robert Ford: Okay. So yes, we had a very good quarter in Structural Heart, and we showed growth across many of our different franchises and geographies. Obviously, MitraClip was a big driver and we're right where we wanted to be with MitraClip. The FDA approval was a few months ahead. But I think that speaks to the data and the evidence that was generated through COAPT. Label is very much in line with our expectations and reflects the COAPT patient enrollment criteria. So we're now obviously working on CMS. Process is underway. These usually take between 6 to 9 months. If you look at our experience when we achieved the primary MR reimbursement indication a few years back, that took us about 7.5 months from when we started to when we got it approved. So we know how to do this. We're currently in the process. And it'll just be a little bit difficult to forecast here, but we're very optimistic. But I'd say reimbursement is only one of the building blocks. It's definitely an important building block, but it's not the only one to really think about this business as a multiyear, double-digit kind of growth driver for us. 
 There are other building blocks here that are very important that we're currently already underway. Opening of new centers is a key aspect here, and the timing and the framework and the cycle of how we do that is important. We have currently about 350 implanting centers in the U.S. And I think over the next few years, we'll see that number get to about 550. There's a lot of training that's involved here also, sales force training, center training, implanter training. And if you look at a sales rep, it'll usually take them between 6 to 9 months until they get fully proficient on MitraClip. So -- and then there's obviously the development, support and sustaining of a patient referral network as we build awareness of the therapy and the technology amongst the physician groups and ensure that those got funneled into our implant centers. So those are some of the key blocks. 
 But I'd say we know how to do this. We've been doing it in the U.S. for the last 4 years and we're not going to wait for final CMS approval before we start hiring. We're already hiring more reps. We're expanding our sales force. We're expanding our clinical specialists so that we're going to be ready to go. So we're definitely taking an invest ahead approach here. So I like our position. The mitral is a tremendous opportunity, unmet need and an opportunity for Abbott. And quite frankly, we've been -- this position didn't happen just because of COAPT. We've been building this position for over a decade. So whether it's mitral repair or mitral repayment, we're in a pretty unique position. So I do see kind of sequential growth as we go through the year. 
 Your question on MITRA-FR, yes, we did see that impact some of our European markets. And we know it's a French study, so it did have a little bit of an impact on some of the kind of implanting rates in some key European markets. But I think that's more of a transition thing. I don't think that's a fundamental change in the market in Europe. And we had expanded internationally to other large opportunities. Japan is another market where we see a very large opportunity for us. So that is also going to help kind of drive the growth. I think the Mitra-FR study will take another quarter or so to play out, but I -- we do expect the international business to kind of continue its growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. 
Robert Hopkins: Just have 2 pretty direct questions here. One more to focus on the growth drivers. On Alinity, a question on the U.S. launch. When do you think we'll see the full impact of that launch in the U.S.? When does that really show up in results in a meaningful way? 
Miles White: Bob, I'd say show up, we expect to get the almost full menu by the end of this year. Now that's kind of a running thing and we don't want to put a whole lot of effort out until we've got significant menu. We do have significant menu now, but we'd like to get more of it approved and then go. So I think you'll start to see the U.S. show up in the numbers really in 2020 because even if we were launching now, I think you'd be hard-pressed to see it relative to the size of the business worldwide. We're growing at 9% right now in the U.S. without much emphasis on Alinity. So I'd say you're probably going to see a measurable impact from it in 2020. But frankly, right now in the U.S., growth rate is pretty high even while we expand that menu. 
Robert Hopkins: Okay. And then the other question I just wanted to ask, obviously, you've got a lot of growth drivers that are driving really strong results in devices overall. One thing that's been a little weak is on the neuromod side the last couple of quarters. So I guess my question on neuromod is, do you think the weakness in the U.S. is related to a slower market at all? Or are these Abbott-specific issues? And when do you think we could expect a turn? 
Miles White: A good question. I kind of anticipated this one. This is the one where I'm going to fall on my own sword for how fast I forecast the turn here for us. Okay, there's clearly an Abbott issue here, our own management, which I've said before. And I think we, I in particular, have miscalled the pace at which we would turn our own performance. And where we underestimated that was we're expanding our sales force by 40% to 50%, and that's been a little more disruptive than I think we had expected. But I'm confident in the business. I'm confident in the management. I'm confident in the direction we're headed. I clearly wasn't right about the timing. So I'm not worrying about it from the standpoint of, boy, this business is really broken or hurt. It's not. And so I have a lot of confidence about that. 
 As far as growth goes, I don't think that it's a high double-digit grower, but it's a double-digit grower. And I think in med devices and in some of these markets as it becomes established, to be maintaining a double-digit growth rate as a market segment, I think, is pretty healthy. So I haven't -- we're not losing any confidence in the segments or the potential in the segments or the growth in the segments. I put the growth sort of in that double-digit range. That's what we would expect. And it's not 50%, but it's not 5% either. So our performance in this particular segment is clearly underperforming what it should be. So I'd say if you want to know if the market is slowing, well, it's not 50%. But slow is a relative thing. I'd take any double-digit market, and I think this is a healthy market. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Miles, a couple of product-related questions starting with Rhythm Management and Heart Failure. U.S. Rhythm Management was a little soft. Was that market-related or Abbott-specific? And I understand you made some management changes there. How quickly can you turn that around? And secondly, in Heart Failure, that was obviously very strong. Could you talk about the sustainability of that? And I had one follow-up. 
Miles White: Thank you. I could talk about that, but I'm going to hand it to Robert to talk about. 
Robert Ford: Yes, so in our Electrophysiology business, Larry, we definitely had a lower kind of growth rate in the U.S. of about 6% when international grew 20%. And that was -- that's -- it's not a market thing. That's more of an Abbott as we get ready to launch -- as we're launching our new ablation catheter, TactiCath SE, in the U.S., which we have already launched OUS. We obviously saw some kind of inventory depletion of the older product in getting ready for the new product. So we expect that to get back to the double-digit growth rate in the U.S. on the EP side. On CRM, that is definitely another area of disappointment and obviously, focus for us. We showed some recovery in the international markets, and I think the team there has done a good job at execution. But we're obviously not satisfied with our U.S. performance. It's an important business for us and we got to do better. But what we've seen internationally is where we've deployed dedicated EP and CRM teams, the business does better. It does better in CRM. And quite frankly, it does better in EP. So we -- as you saw, we recently made some organizational changes here to sharpen our focus and create a more, I'd say, stand-alone vertical business unit in CRM. We think that's going to get the accountability and the focus that we need out in the commercial field, especially in the U.S. And we've got several new product innovations that are progressing very nicely. Our next-gen ICD and our 2 leadless programs. And now this structure will ensure that they get the focus that they need.
 In Heart Failure, as you mentioned, our sales were up 23%. U.S. was up 26%, and that was the impact of, I'd say, the rapid share capture that we achieved in the U.S. in the destination therapy, I'd say, a pretty strong execution of the commercial team with the product, achieving about 20 share points in that quarter. So we expect that share to kind of maintain. The product has done very well, not only on our, I'd say, traditional Abbott accounts, but even in our competitor accounts, that's doing very nicely also. So we look -- we think Heart Failure has got strong potential also throughout the year with CardioMEMS. It's a little bit smaller product here, but it also continues to do very well. 
Larry Biegelsen: That's very helpful. And just lastly for me, Miles, as you pay down more debt, we're starting to get more questions on capital allocation. Can you please provide us with your latest thoughts, especially as it relates to M&A? When can we expect to see a pickup in M&A? 
Miles White: You're welcome. Well, a couple of things. First of all, I think the company has done a great job of paying down debt, cash management, cash generation, et cetera. It's been a little unprecedented, I think, for as much debt as we had. I mean, when we were done with the St. Jude and Alere acquisitions, I think we were at about $28 billion, something like that. We've paid down more $10 billion of that. So -- and almost $8.5 billion of it just last year. Another $0.5 billion in the first quarter this year. So our debt -- everybody watches net debt-to-EBITDA ratio. We're down to about 2x right now from what was, I think, about 4.3 when we completed the second of the 2 acquisitions. That's a pretty rapid paydown. We expect to be about 1.5x by year-end. So I think I could declare strategic flexibility achieved. Obviously, we want to keep paying down the debt. We've got nice, strong cash flow. We've got a number of choices. We increased the dividend, as you know, back in December by 14%. And we tend to target that dividend at around 40% to 45% of EPS. And I think right now, we're at 40%, something like that. EPS is growing pretty rapidly, so probably be adjusting at some point. But the -- there's good times and bad times to purchase shares, as you know. And our share repurchases, we haven't done a lot of share repurchasing. We've done some primarily just to offset dilution, but that has not been a big consumer of capital. 
 We have made significant investments internally in our growth with Alinity expansion and with the Libre capacity expansion. And again, while those are important users of our capital with high return, we still have pretty strong cash flow. So back to the point of your question, we have strategic flexibility. We have strong cash flow. We have choice. The -- I think the question is whether or not at any point there's something out there that fits us or we're particularly interested in or that we're focused on, et cetera. And as you know, I've told you in the past, even if I have that, I wouldn't tell you, that would be true. I would say today, what is also true is we are very much focused on our internal organic execution, and that's getting sort of 95% of our attention. We're not paying attention to other opportunities. We always are tracking and monitoring other opportunities. But I have to tell you right now, I don't see a very robust target-rich environment out there. It's not target-rich. I don't think it is anyway. And I don't see a lot of meaningful adjunctive things that necessarily fit what we're trying to do. 
 So obviously, as we move forward here, one of our challenges is going to be capital deployment because we're going to have a lot of it. And I think we're going to generate a lot of cash over the coming years. I think we're going to generate a lot of profit. And we obviously want to either invest at or return it to shareholders at the highest possible return. And if it means there's opportunities in M&A, as you know, historically, we've always been pretty attentive and diligent about that. I wouldn't forecast it when or what. We -- but we are out of the range where we're constrained about our choices. We are no longer constrained. And I think that's a positive. We've gotten there pretty quickly. And that means that we can consider whatever. We don't happen to be focused on M&A right now, but M&A isn't a steady every year thing. It's opportunistic when it fits the strategy and the intent of the company and when an opportunity fits and a return can be earned. And so if something like that comes along, I'd say we're well positioned. We'd be ready to do something. But to be honest, we haven't seen something that attractive. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. 
Vijay Kumar: Congrats on a nice start to the year and thanks for taking my question. So maybe I'll start one on the guidance, and I have a follow-up. On the guidance, Miles, MitraClip approval came in earlier. I know in the last call you said you're not expecting any inflection in MitraClip, but it looks like there might be some contribution in the back half. And I think FX assumptions changed modestly. It's slightly better. We had a I/IIb. Nutrition coming in better. I'm just curious on the guidance not being tweaked or changed. I know it's not your style, but I'm just curious on your guidance for the year. 
Miles White: Yes, Vijay, thanks for the question. You kind of answered it at the end of your question there when you said it's not my style. I rarely, if ever, raise in a first quarter. I kind of feel like if I raised in the first quarter, why didn't I put it in the original plan 3 months ago or 6 months ago? But I have generally waited to consider such a thing in the mid-year because at various points in time, well, there's been a number of times we've all been burned by exchange around April, May, June or something for the remainder of the year. I don't actually expect that this year. I'm no forecaster of exchange and we're not currency traders, as you know. But just based on what we all see, we were all -- like all industries, all companies, all multinationals and so forth, we were all cautious about China trade and exchange and volatility, the price of oil, even Brexit. These were sort of the big factors everybody talked about. Oil is almost $70, and I don't think Brexit is weighing on a lot of minds. It's weighing on a lot of European minds, it's weighing on a lot of U.K. minds and it depends on how much business you got tied up in the U.K. But companies have had time to figure out how to mitigate a lot of these things and deal with them. So I'd say the reason that we didn't look at raising in the first quarter is because I just don't raise in the first quarter.
 We're obviously off to a strong start. As I told you before, all of our growth story is solid and intact, not seeing any -- gosh, I feel like I should knock on wood. I'm not seeing any threats to the growth vehicles in the business. And while some analysts have speculated that med tech or med devices is somewhat slowing, I'd tell you, I don't see that. And I don't think a lot of other CEOs in medical devices are seeing it either. In fact, if anything, I see projected growth rates rising across competitors. I take that as a very healthy signal from the industry that people are seeing positive, robust opportunity. I think a lot of people have new products and robust pipelines. And I think that's healthy for the whole sector worldwide. There's a lot of things that haven't changed, but we've been navigating those kinds of things for a while and doing well as an industry and as a company.
 So could we have raised in the first quarter? Well, a lot of you may think so. I'm a little more cautious than that. I always kind of wait until the midyear so -- to kind of assess things. I like how the company is performing. I think the company is performing really well. I'm not sure we've ever had such healthy pipeline so broadly across the line in the company. So I don't have any negatives. I'm just thinking that one quarter into the year seems a little early to me. That's about as much as I can tell, that's a honest answer. 
Vijay Kumar: That's fair enough, Miles. And so this is -- whatever it is, it's the macro, it's not the fundamental. I guess related to that, I guess, the question we're getting a lot and not maybe just specific to Abbott, but the sector, is the sector, the fundamentals that we're seeing, is this sustainable? And I think specific to Abbott, Libre -- can Libre be a north of $5 billion product for you guys longer term? And the reason I ask is sustainability. I think you guys gave some numbers on MitraClip in terms of TAM. Libre, I think you've kind of left it open ended saying it's a multibillion-dollar product. And I'm just curious whether the Libre 2 that was submitted to the FDA, is that the same product as the Libre 2 in Europe? Or was the algorithm changed for the U.S. submission? 
Robert Ford: It's a similar product. Vijay, this is Robert. It's a similar product. It's just got a different label. 
Vijay Kumar: And on the TAM for Libre, can this be north of $5 billion for you guys longer term? 
Robert Ford: Listen, we've always thought of this as a -- I mean, if you look at the amount of diabetic patients in the world where this technology tends to have a greater impact, it tends to have a greater impact with insulin users, right? Whether you're a type 1 or a type 2 on a conventional kind of injection therapy, and there are 40 million of them around the world. 20 million of them in emerging markets and the other half in developed markets. So we think this is, as we said, a multibillion-dollar opportunity. Whether it's $2 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion, $5 billion, I mean, you can look at these patient segments and patient numbers and it's very big, so yes. 
Miles White: Vijay, I'd add a couple of things to that. We're investing in capacity expansion accordingly. But there's sort of more to the story. As you know, there's a Libre 2 in Europe. There's a Libre 2 under review in the United States. There's a Libre 3 in development and has been in development for some time. And there's a lot of potential for expansion of this product to other analytes besides glucose or additional analytes to glucose for the diabetic. There are other improvements that we can make in the product. All of that is in development. We know this platform well. It is a platform. It is not just a glucose test kit. And so there's, I guess, what I'll call an R&D development innovation strategy with it that is underway, has been underway. Our capacity expansion plans are well planned. We've already got almost 1.5 million users of Libre. And to be honest, we haven't exactly let the floodgates go. So I think you can kind of back into the math of that. This product is already great. Look, it's probably $1.5 billion or more in sales more and it's growing at 80%. So it doesn't take very long to figure out the math to what you just asked. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. 
Christopher Pasquale: Miles, one follow-up on Bob's neuro question. We've seen new product launches drive momentum for a number of companies in that market over the past couple of years. You guys really haven't talked much about your pipeline there. Are there new products coming that could help turn that segment around? Or is it really just a matter of letting the dust settle on the sales force expansion? 
Miles White: Well, I'd say it's kind of like when you've got some issues with your own commercial execution and your sales force and you know you got to go fix them, it's kind of like ducking the question to go talk about your pipeline. So my own thought has been let's just address the sales force answer and not try to dodge and weave here about our own execution, which we admit we can do better and we're going to do better. Now having said that, yes, is there a pipeline in development? Robert? 
Robert Ford: Yes. So to that point, we also know that our first and foremost priority is the field execution. We also know that innovation and evidence also has an impact on our ability to kind of grow. So we've doubled our R&D investment in this business since taking it over about 2 years ago. And I do expect to see 2 new systems in the pain area come to market towards the end of this year or beginning of next year, and I think that will have a positive impact, obviously, ensuring that our sales force is getting up to speed and doing what it needs to do. Evidence is also another important driver here. So we do have trials that we're investing and working on for differentiated claims, whether it's pelvic pain or a pre-back surgery kind of claim. So your point of, yes, we are investing, we have to make sure we address the field force, but we do have a pipeline here that we know we're going to need to be able to have a sustainable double-digit growth business. 
Christopher Pasquale: That's helpful. And then my last one, just Structural Heart, already a bright spot for the company today and feels like it has the potential to get even better as the pipeline there matures. Can you just go through the latest thinking on Tendyne in Europe, which we should be getting relatively close to here, and then also Portico in the U.S.? 
Miles White: Yes. So I think that's one bright area in the device portfolio. We've made a lot of investments here. We talked a little bit about triclip that we should see towards the end of this year. Tendyne, to your point, we filed it last year for CE Mark. So we're also right now on target to see that come to market at the end of this year. We've got a fourth-generation MitraClip product that will be coming more towards the second half of this year also. So we're excited about that. And TAVR, we expect to see that in the U.S. -- Portico in the U.S. in the first half of next year. 
Scott Leinenweber: Okay. Well, good. Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-22 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission.
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.
 Miles will provide opening remarks, and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Brian and I will take your questions.
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2019. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.
 Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Please note that fourth quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only.
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which is defined in our earnings news release issued earlier today. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles. 
Miles White: Thanks, Scott, and good morning. Today, I'll discuss our 2018 results as well as our outlook for 2019. For the full year 2018, we achieved ongoing earnings per share of $2.88, representing 15% growth versus the prior year. Strong performance across our businesses, along with underlying margin expansion and our synergy capture from recent acquisitions, enabled us to achieve EPS at the upper end of the initial guidance range we issued at the beginning of last year despite unfavorable currency shifts as we progressed through the year. 
 With our recent strategic shaping completed, our focus in 2018 was on running the company we've built, and the result was an excellent year by every measure. All 4 of our major businesses performed well, contributing to overall organic sales growth of more than 7%, which is above the initial guidance range we set at the beginning of last year. At the same time, we generated operating cash flow of more than $6 billion, returning $2 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends, and announced a 14% increase in our dividend beginning this year.
 We also increased our investments in capabilities for the future, including expanding manufacturing capacity in 2 important areas that will drive significant long-term growth: FreeStyle Libre, our revolutionary continuous glucose monitoring system; and Alinity, our family of highly differentiated diagnostic systems. 
 And lastly, following 2 major acquisitions in 2017, we repaid more than $8 billion of debt, which significantly enhances our strategic flexibility going forward.
 Our performance this past year demonstrates the strength of our strategy and execution. And for 2019, we're forecasting another year of strong financial performance. As we announced this morning, we forecast organic sales growth of 6.5% to 7.5% and adjusted earnings per share of $3.15 to $3.25, reflecting double-digit growth. 
 I'll now provide a brief overview of our 2018 results and 2019 outlook for each business. I'll start with Nutrition, where sales increased mid-single digits in 2018, reflecting a notable improvement in our growth rate versus the prior year. Sales growth this past year was well balanced across our Pediatric and Adult Nutrition businesses. 
 Internationally, our focus on enhancing competitiveness with our well-known and trusted brands led to strong growth in both Asia and Latin America. In China, we saw improvement in both the market and our performance after the government transitioned to new food safety regulations in that country at the beginning of last year. 
 And in the U.S., growth was driven by our Pediatric Nutrition business, led by above-market growth of Similac, our market-leading infant formula brand; and Pedialyte, our market-leading rehydration brand. Overall, the fundamental demographic and socioeconomic trends in the global nutrition market remain favorable, and our position in the market remains very competitive.
 In Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, sales grew 7% in 2018, led by double-digit growth in both India and China. Our strategy in EPD is unique and quite simple: to build significant presence, scale and leadership positions in the most attractive emerging markets where long-term growth in medicines will be driven by aging populations and the related rise in chronic diseases, increasing incomes and expanding access to care. 
 We've built our business over time through a series of strategic steps to be powered globally but driven locally. Our global scale sets us apart and provides a unique competitive advantage versus local players, particularly when it comes to manufacturing and innovation. And our local decision-making allows us to be nimble and navigate the complexities of each country. Health care spending in most emerging markets is less than half that of developed markets, which means there's lots of room for future growth. And our focus continues to be on strong execution across all elements of our business model to capitalize on the growth opportunities ahead.
 Moving to Diagnostics, where we've consistently achieved above-market growth with our leading platforms. 2018 was no different with global organic sales growth of 7%. This past year was particularly important as we accelerated the launch of Alinity, our family of highly differentiated instruments in Europe and other international markets. Customer feedback has been outstanding, which, quite frankly, isn't a surprise to us given that Alinity was designed based on countless hours of listening to and observing the needs of our customers. These systems are designed to be more efficient, running more tests in less space, generating results faster, minimizing human errors while continuing to provide quality results. In 2019, while the international launch continues to gain momentum, we anticipate obtaining U.S. regulatory approvals for a critical mass of our test menu over the coming months, which will allow us to accelerate the launch of Alinity in the U.S. later this year. 
 2018 was also an important year for our newly formed Rapid Diagnostics business. We achieved our sales and synergy targets for the year and are very pleased with the pace and progress of the integration of this business. We also made important advancements in our pipeline with new product launches in the areas of diabetes and cardiac care as well as molecular rapid tests for infectious diseases. These new products, along with continued focus on strong execution across our portfolio, will drive accelerated growth for this business going forward. 
 And lastly, I'll cover Medical Devices, where sales grew 9% in 2018, exceeding the initial guidance range we set at the beginning of the year. Strong growth this past year was led by several areas, including Electrophysiology, Structural Heart and Diabetes Care, as well as stabilization in our Rhythm Management and Vascular businesses. 
 In Electrophysiology, growth of 20% was led by our heart mapping and ablation portfolio. During the year, we advanced our product portfolio in this area with the launch of our Advisor HD Catheter, which creates highly detailed maps of the heart. And earlier this week, we announced U.S. FDA approval of our innovative TactiCath Sensor Enabled Catheter, which will further strengthen our competitiveness in this highly underpenetrated market.
 In Structural Heart, 2018 was a landmark year for our business. We achieved double-digit growth and, perhaps more importantly, announced clinical trial results for MitraClip, our market-leading device for the minimally invasive repair of the mitral valve, which demonstrated improved survival and clinical outcomes in patients with the most prevalent form of this heart disease. We submitted this study data to the U.S. FDA during the fourth quarter to support consideration of an expanded indication for MitraClip. If approved, this advancement would further enhance our leadership position in this large and highly underpenetrated disease area and offer the potential to create a new multibillion-dollar cardiac device market over time. 
 And lastly, in Diabetes Care, we achieved growth of 35% in 2018. Growth was led by FreeStyle Libre, which achieved global sales of more than $1 billion, an increase of 100% versus the prior year. During the fourth quarter, we added 300,000 new users. As of the end of 2018, there are now approximately 1.3 million active users worldwide, of which approximately 2/3 are type 1 diabetics and 1/3 are type 2. 
 In the U.S., we saw an accelerating trend of new users as we ramped up our awareness efforts during the second half of the year, and pharmacy insurance coverage continued to increase, including an emerging trend of seeing Libre granted preferred copay status versus competitive systems due to its compelling overall value proposition. 
 In Europe, during the fourth quarter, we initiated the launch of Libre 2.0, which includes optional alarms that warn patients if glucose levels fallout range. Due to our unique product design and a highly automated manufacturing process, we're able to offer this feature to Libre users without increasing the cash pay price. This affordable and simple-to-use device is fundamentally changing the way people with diabetes manage their disease. And given the fact that more than 400 million people are living with diabetes around the world, Libre promises to be a significant growth driver for years to come. 
 So in summary, 2018 was another outstanding year for us. We achieved our strategic and financial objectives despite challenging currency shifts during the year. Our top-tier performance demonstrates the strength of our strategy, our portfolio and our execution. And for 2019, we're forecasting continued strong organic sales growth and double-digit EPS growth. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our 2018 results and our 2019 outlook in a bit more detail. Brian? 
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Miles. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance.
 Turning to our results. Sales for the fourth quarter increased 6.4% on an organic basis, in line with our guidance of mid- to high single-digit growth. Rapid Diagnostics, which was acquired in late 2017 and is therefore not included in our 2018 organic sales growth results, achieved sales of $548 million. Exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 3.7% on fourth quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar continue to strengthen modestly, resulting in a somewhat larger unfavorable impact on our results in the fourth quarter compared to expectations had exchange rates held steady since the time of our earnings call in October. 
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 59.3% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 7.2% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 29.2% of sales.
 Overall, as we look back at 2018, we delivered strong organic sales growth of more than 7%, adjusted earnings per share growth of 15% and exceeded our cash flow and debt repayment objectives. 
 Turning to our outlook for the full year 2019. Today, we issued guidance for adjusted earnings per share of $3.15 to $3.25. For the full year, we forecast organic sales growth of 6.5% to 7.5%. Based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have an unfavorable impact of approximately 3% on our full year reported sales, with the vast majority of the impact expected to occur in the first half of the year. 
 We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of somewhat above 59.5% of sales for the full year, which reflects underlying gross margin improvement across our businesses, partially offset by the impact of currency. We forecast adjusted R&D investment of around 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of approximately 29.5% of sales. We forecast net interest expense of around $600 million and nonoperating income of around $200 million. 
 Lastly, we forecast an adjusted tax rate of around 15% for the full year 2019, which contemplates the anticipated impact from U.S. tax reform. 
 Turning to our outlook for the first quarter. We forecast adjusted EPS of $0.60 to $0.62, which reflects strong double-digit underlying growth, partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange on our results. We forecast organic sales growth of a little less than 7%, which contemplates a difficult comparison versus the first quarter of last year, when we saw abnormally strong sales in our Rapid Diagnostics business due to a record flu season. At current rates, we would expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 5.5% on our first quarter reported sales. 
 We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 58.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of around 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of somewhat above 32% of sales.
 Before we open the call for questions, I'll now provide a quick overview of our first quarter and full year organic sales growth outlook by business.
 For Established Pharmaceuticals, we forecast mid-single-digit growth in the first quarter, which is comprised of mid- to high single-digit growth in our priority key emerging markets, along with a modest decline in other EPD sales, which reflects the recent discontinuation of a noncore low-margin third-party supply agreement. For the full year, we forecast Established Pharmaceuticals growth of mid- to high-single digits.
 In Nutrition, we forecast low- to mid-single-digit growth for both the first quarter and the full year. In Diagnostics, we forecast Abbott's legacy Diagnostics businesses, which is comprised of Core Laboratory, Molecular and Point of Care, to grow mid- to high-single digits for both the first quarter and full year, driven by the continued strong sales momentum across our portfolio of instruments.
 Rapid Diagnostics, which will now be included in our organic sales growth results in 2019, is expected to be relatively flat in the first quarter, reflecting the difficult flu season comparison I mentioned earlier. For the full year, we forecast Rapid Diagnostics growth of low- to mid-single digits.
 And in Medical Devices, we forecast high single-digit sales growth for both the first quarter and the full year, which reflects continued double-digit growth in several areas of the business.
 With that, we will now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Matt Taylor from UBS. 
Matthew Taylor: Wanted to ask about FreeStyle Libre to start off. You had another good quarter of patient adds, and it seems like you're expanding more into type 2 with the new disclosure. Could you talk about the trends there, what's the 2.0 adds and some of your longer-term vision for Libre? 
Miles White: Yes, sure, Matt. Well, a few things about Libre -- or actually several things about Libre. First of all, it's going extremely well. We did add 300,000 patients last quarter. That's almost equivalent to the entire user base of the #2 competitor in the space. So I'd say that's going very well. We got over 1.3 million patients now. 2/3 of those are type 1. Our intent with this device has been to serve the entire diabetic community and not niche it because we think it has mass-market potential worldwide. So we target both segments, both type 1 and type 2. And we're doing very well in type 1 segment -- the type 1 segment actually. And as our capacity expands, we'll put even more effort behind the expansion with type 2 patients. There's a constant, I'll say, cadence of enhancements, et cetera, to the product. We've recently launched 2.0 in Europe. That should come to the U.S. shortly. We're -- we've obviously invested a fair bit in capacity expansion. And at the rate we're adding patients, obviously, that's something we started paying attention to a couple of years ago. And I'd say, a significant quantum of capacity will come online in the second half of this year. And from my perspective, that allows us to open the floodgate much wider. At this point, we're having a tremendous amount of success with Libre without putting much push behind it. And at that point, we're going to have an ability to turn on a lot of push. So -- and then we've got steady cadence of capacity additions after that. And because of the magnitude and the size of the diabetic market, both for type 1 diabetics and type 2 diabetics, our view was this had to have a value proposition for patients and for the health care system that was accessible and affordable by everybody and not just driven by a rebate system and so forth. So we've got a very low cost position. We've got a good value access price point. And I think all of that is playing through our markets and our patient groups and influence groups and so forth very well. The product obviously is getting all the emphasis in development, et cetera, that anybody would like to see. I think this is a very big, long-term, sustainable growth product for the company. I don't have any other way to say it. This is a happy, happy topic. 
Matthew Taylor: Yes, it's been phenomenal growth. I was just curious, as you look forward in segmenting the market, you now have Libre 2 with alarms. You have partnership with a pump company. Can you talk about how you might bifurcate your strategy to go after different segments, whether you need low-cost offering and a higher feature offering as you kind of expand through the Libre portfolio? 
Miles White: Well, I think -- I'm going to be careful how much I say publicly on the phone. I think you can assume that we're obviously developing every aspect of this product that you can imagine. And that's all going very well. I wouldn't communicate what I would forecast as time lines. I think that the current growth rate speaks for itself. The current submissions and features of the product that we're adding speak for themselves. We're pretty highly focused on bringing that capacity online, and not because we're constrained yet, but right now, we're adding as, I said, 300,000 patients a quarter and growing. And so you have to pay attention to keeping that momentum increasing. And at this point, with that many patients and the magnitude of the opportunity, our intent is to make this very much a mass-market product. But with 40 million type 1 diabetics out there, mass market means every one of those type 1 diabetics ought to be able to access this product economically, and that's worldwide. And then of course, there's an enormous type 2 market beyond that. So this is not a product that's targeted solely at type 1 or solely at type 2. Its accuracy and performance obviously has meaning and efficacy in all segments. Our low -- our cost position is as low as anything in the industry. We have probably #1 cost position, #1 volume of patients position. I think we can pretty easily declare ourselves the leader in continuous glucose monitoring and growing faster than everybody else. So I'd just say that all of the things that you would expect us to be doing, including working with other third-party partners who would benefit from this technology, all underway, have been for some time. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Miles, maybe I can ask a guidance question. So Abbott's guidance for 2019 is 6.5% to 7.5%, basically in line with 2018 and a bit better than The Street was expecting to start the year. So maybe you could give us a little background what your confidence is at the starting point? And maybe specifically, touch on some of the key growth drivers for 2019 that people are focused on. MitraClip, you talked about Libre, and maybe hit on an Alinity. 
Miles White: Yes. Well, I think you've touched base there on several of them already. What you should read into that guidance is we had an outstanding '18 and we just gave you guidance that's even better than '18. And the underlying growth rates are strong. The pipelines are strong. It's all organic growth. It's not dependent on lapping an acquisition. It's not driven by lapping an acquisition. It's not dependent on acquiring something. And all the things that are driving our growth are coming right out of our own pipeline and launching globally. So if I take that a piece at a time, Libre as a story just gets better and better and better. So obviously, that's a pretty big and high-growth driver. That's a good thing. The Alinity program has had an outstanding year rolling out in the Core Lab, which is primarily driven by Europe. And we haven't really unleashed it yet fully in the U.S. or even fully in Asian markets. And as that menu reaches what I'll call critical mass, that will tip up as well. And so far, everything we've seen with the rollout in Europe has been exceptional. Our share capture, our retention of rolling over a lot of our own customers and our own installed base, our price point and value point were, I'd say, extremely competitive, but it's better than that. And so that's going well, and that momentum only gets better as we expand geographies. And frankly, there's a couple of aspects to that program that haven't really gone to market yet fully, our hematology piece, et cetera. So I think those are strong drivers. When we acquired Alere in the diagnostic space, it was a declining to slightly best -- at best, flat business. And that's been a nice story for us in terms of integrating it. We're going to be looking for now improving the growth of the new product pipeline and momentum going forward in that business, which is incrementally positive for the business. As I already mentioned, Nutrition, compared to the prior 4, 5 years, has a nice, steady, sustainable forward-looking growth in the, let's call it, 3% to 5% range, somewhere in there. And that's a plus, that's an upside. The pipeline in devices is strong. It's good. I mean, we spoke earlier in the year about the COAPT trial driving MitraClip in Structural Heart. And there's a nice pipeline of products and enhancements coming behind that. We just launched or got approval for HeartMate 3 for destination therapy, some additional catheters in our Electrophysiology business that help us be even more competitive than the 20% growth rate we've got now. Just everything across the board gets better. Where do we see problems? Well, we got a couple of places that we're not too happy about our own performance in. We know neuromod is a super good growth business. We expect to see sequentially improving growth out of that business over the course of the year. I've talked about that on previous calls. We believe we're in control of our destiny there. And if we -- if anything, I probably estimated the speed at which we could correct our direction there wrong. It's taken a little longer than I would have guessed. But that's going to get sequentially better, and I think that's a plus. The Point of Care business that's part of our Diagnostic business, not Alere but the -- our own Point of Care business, we had some corrections to make in our strategy, and we've done that. And so I'm quite optimistic that our management team there has a good path, a good management team, et cetera. That'll improve. 
 So if I had a concern at all, it's the things I can't control. I think our fundamental underlying strategy in the pharmaceutical business is solid. I think the underlying growth rates in emerging markets are solid. I know the world worries about the volatility of those markets and the reliability of those markets and, in particular, currency. And we're all going to live with currency if we're a multinational company, and I don't think we're any different. And to be honest, we're not that differently indexed now with the addition of the Medical Devices and Diagnostics and so forth in the company. So while we may have, let's call it, individual spotty circumstances in any given emerging market in any given year, which we kind of expect, I think the underlying growth of that business, driven by the development of those economies, the health care systems, is solid. So I look at all aspects of the company. Whenever we're not performing where we think we should in a given business, we do take corrective steps. And as I look across the portfolio, every single business which had such a great year last year actually had a little better one this year or a lot better one this year and on a sustainable basis going forward. So as I look forward into '19, I note that there's a lot of caution in the world about economies and any number of other things. We base our growth rates and our growth projections on our products, on the market dynamics we see in each of our product areas in the segments we compete in. And we've got a rich portfolio of products right now and a rich portfolio of products coming out of our organic R&D and a lot of longevity on the driving of those products in the market for years to come. So whatever the windiness of the currency markets or other things may be, we've demonstrated through '18 and will demonstrate into '19 that we can power through that and continue to deliver the kind of growth that our shareholders reliably expect. 
Robert Marcus: Great, that's really helpful. And maybe one for Brian. On the bottom line, EPS guidance implies growth of 9% to 13% on a reported basis, closer to mid-teens on a constant currency basis. This is higher than what we've seen in the past from Abbott but also off the higher starting top line. So as we go through the year, if there's incremental upside, how should investors think about the willingness to allow that to fall to the bottom line versus reinvesting in the business at these growth rates? 
Brian Yoor: I'll defer to Miles on that question because I know he makes the choices ultimately between the balance of growth, the sustainable growth versus what we give back to shareholders. But I think we've shown a good propensity to be balanced in that. We showed that demonstration even last year as we gave some pennies back to The Street when we had a variable tax rate but invested heavily in the growth opportunities that Miles talked about that creates the kind of sustainable growth that we're looking for. 
 Your math is right. I said back on the October call that exchange would be around 4% to the bottom line impact. It's just a little touch above 4%. You could imply that, that would mean about mid-teens EPS growth. And even as you look at our quarters, I mentioned in my script that FX would be more front-end loaded. It's a first half phenomenon. But underlying growth that we're portraying here for the first quarter and the full year is pretty range-bound in that underlying double-digit earnings per share growth of the mid-teens, plus or minus a couple of points. And there's a lot of underlying gross margin improvement still going on across our businesses. There's a lot of synergy still being captured in gross margins as well as in SG&A as it pertains to our continued integration with St. Jude and also with Rapid Diagnostics. So you're seeing the margin expansion come through in our op margin line in our guidance. 
Miles White: Yes, I'd reiterate a couple of things. This is Miles. First of all, Brian mentioned, exchange, as we know it right now, is factored into our guidance, and we're still at a double-digit EPS growth. The exchange that we're, I don't know, seeing in our guidance is a factor of last year, meaning '18, that we've got to lap. And so it's that roll-through that is currently taking us from what otherwise would have been 15% to what at the midpoint would be 11%. So we're still at healthy double digits and it's, in effect, caused by lapping last year's guidance. None of us are currency traders, so there's no way to kind of predict what's going to happen with the year, and I hesitate to do so for fear that fates strike us down. But with regard to profits and performance and so forth, I'd say the company has always been fortunate that it's had strong profits and strong cash flow. And with regard to forecasting and so forth, we start every year with a double-digit target and a high bar, and that's our aspiration every single year. And gosh, more often than not, that's where we start with our guidance. Now having said that, out of the last 11 years -- and why do I not go back further than 11 years? I don't have the data, but I could get it. But in -- out of the last 44 quarters that we have reported, we have beat 39 of them, exceeded the investors' expectations, beat 39 of them and met on 5. And so I think the company has demonstrated that if it exceeds its expectations, if it exceeds Wall Street's expectations, if it exceeds in performance, we do share that back to our investors in increased profitability or increased return to the investor. And there's no reason to see a change to that. We've got strong cash flow. We are able to cover all of our cash and investment needs from a capital standpoint, from a dividend standpoint. We have the capacity to buy back shares to offset dilution and, frankly, buy back shares if it's the best investment that we can make. We have the capacity to do M&A. We've obviously been able to pay down a lot of debt and very, very rapidly so that we would have the balance sheet flexibility that we want. So we had very strong performance, strong profitability, strong cash flow. And so if we exceed our expectations and our performance, then obviously, we have the decision -- and that's a nice place to be. We have the decision to share that with our investors, which is exactly what our investors would expect. And you can tell that 90% of the quarters for the last 11 years, investors have benefited. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
David Lewis: Miles, just a couple for you. In thinking about or listening to your commentary on 2019, the one comment that comes to mind was balance, your commentary that most businesses get better or a lot better. That being said, a lot of investors are still very focused on Libre and MitraClip. So as you think about the guidance and how it was formulated, how dependent is 2019 guidance on a significant inflection for MitraClip or a Libre 2 product launch? 
Miles White: Zero. 
David Lewis: Okay, that's pretty clear. I guess we can leave it at that. The second point, so... 
Miles White: No, it is. I mean -- I think, I mean, to be honest, I'm not trying to be coy with you. It's very hard to predict what the regulatory timing will be, for example, on MitraClip. So -- and there's no reason for us to kind of play with the number and play with something that we're not sure we can predict. So what we do know is when it comes, which is very compelling -- there's a number of things that have to happen. FDA has to approve it. We obviously would want CMS to reimburse it and so on. And I think it'll have that kind of compelling story with the regulatory bodies. It's obviously -- the COAPT study was very powerful, and I think the regulatory bodies will give that all the right consideration. But trying to pin that down and trying to pin down timing and so forth is not something that's easy to do. And I'm not sure we'd be doing our investors any good service by trying to predict that. What I do know is it's compelling. When it comes, it'll come and it'll have impact. And rather than put it in our estimates, we haven't. 
David Lewis: Okay, very clear. And then just following up on another point you made in this morning. Thinking about the balance sheet, I mean, you went from 2 years ago an overlevered company to now, frankly, relative to peers an underlevered company. I think debt paydown and free cash generation were sort of unsung heroes of last year. So many of other companies have picked up the relative pace of M&A. You're still growing at a pretty robust 7-plus percent rate without significant M&A the last couple of years. So where do you stand now as you think about reinvestment for growth? How active are you likely to be in '19 relative to '18 on the M&A front? 
Miles White: Well, I'd say a couple of things. First of all, you earn your highest return on organic growth and not your highest return on M&A. And then I mean, as you know, a lot of M&A deals struggle to return a good return to shareholders. We've had, let's say, an excellent track record -- going back deep in our history with Knoll and Humira and so forth, we've had a really good track record with the M&A we've done over time. And we've managed those companies and their products well over time. So I'd say, first of all, you make much higher return on your organic growth. The growth we're getting from all of our businesses and even St. Jude is coming out of pipeline, and it's coming out of our own organic development, et cetera. And right now, those are the highest returns, those are the highest, biggest opportunities, and we certainly don't see gaps right now that we have to fill with M&A. So we're able to return a pretty good sales and profit growth rate across the business. We've also been careful over time. There's times to be in the M&A markets and there's times not to be. And when multiples are really high, bad time to buy. And -- but to be honest, I don't see anything right now that is so appealing that we feel like that's necessarily a good direction for us. And the kinds of things we might look at, well, I would never tell you anyway, and you know that. But right now, our opportunities are so good with our own organic products and execution that we don't need it. And there's not something that's so attractive -- all of the various investment banking houses that you can imagine have put many things in front of us as opportunities as they do every company, et cetera. So it's not like we're not aware of what opportunities may be out there. It's just they wouldn't meet our criteria. I don't see something compelling. I don't see something that we need. And right now, we're in a fortunate position where we've got very strong products and pipelines and strategies across all of our businesses. 
 I will say we can execute better in some places, but you can't buy that. So we fix our own execution with our talent and strategies and so forth. But it's just not necessary for us to put our money into M&A right now because I don't think we'd turn a better return for our shareholders now or at least in the foreseeable future doing that. We're going to make a lot more money for our shareholders, investing in our growth, investing in the products we have, investing in our expansion, investing in our own capital. And as you know, we have plenty of cash flow to do that, and we have plenty of cash flow that we can still return increasing dividends. And at some point here, we'll have a choice. We're going to keep paying down debt because I think it's a good idea. Our debt -- net debt-to-EBITDA ratio now is below 2, and as you know, it was more like 4 to 4.3 when we completed the Alere and St. Jude deals. That wasn't that long ago. So to have brought our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio down that far and that fast, and particularly, as we look forward in a rising interest rate environment or potentially so, depending on what you believe, I think we're doing the right things in the management of our balance sheet. I wanted to get that debt down fast; we have. I wanted to have strategic flexibility; we have it. What I really want is capital allocation flexibility to earn the right returns and the optimal returns for our shareholders, and I think we're in that position. So I just don't see M&A right now as a high priority. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets. 
Joanne Wuensch: I'm going to take the flip side of David's question. Instead of thinking about M&A and adding things, how do you feel about having all 4 legs of the stool remain in the Abbott house? I think there was some lay press discussion regarding a possible sale of the nutritionals business. 
Miles White: Well, I get that speculation, jeez, if I don't get it every quarter, it's almost every quarter. So thanks for asking the question, Joanne. We like our mix right now. There's a role to everything in our portfolio. And the one I'm asked more frequently about than anything is Nutrition. And you can transact, you can try to make money for your shareholders with transactions, but I would say this: as you know, Joanne, I've been in this job a long time. And earlier in my tenure, there was a role for Nutrition in our portfolio. And I got the same question then. And one of the roles was it's got a global presence, global infrastructure. It's highly profitable, generates a lot of cash. And a lot of the M&A activities and other things that we did back in my earlier years benefited from the cash flows and position of Nutrition. And even today, there are great benefits to our Nutrition business to the company. And that's not to say that any given part of the company has to be part of it. It's clearly a different business as is our pharmaceutical business, et cetera. But today, I'd say, look, it makes sense as part of our company. I don't think we need to be considering a transaction just to do it. We're well valued. We're performing well. I don't honestly think I would create more value for our investors by separating it. If everybody asks you about it often enough, you go look at it. Okay, I've looked at it. I don't think we can create differential improved value for our shareholders than what is already being executed by us. I think that's a plus. I think that in general, while a lot of people might ask me about it, it's also performing well. I'm happy that it's performing a lot better than it did for a couple of years there. So it's just not on my radar screen. I don't think we're going to improve Abbott. I don't think we're going to create value by considering it. And I think we'll distract ourselves with that at a time we don't even need to be distracted. So it's just not on my radar screen as a way to create value for shareholders because I don't think it will. And I think it's being well valued as part of Abbott as is the rest of Abbott. So it's just not on my radar screen and -- nor do I think it's necessarily beneficial to us. I guess that's the simplest thing to say. 
Joanne Wuensch: Okay, appreciate that. As a follow-up, 2 businesses I just want to talk about the pipeline. Neuromod, what does it take to reaccelerate that growth rate? And then you talked about an Alere pipeline, which I don't think The Street is really focused on. If you could just give us some highlights there. 
Miles White: Yes. So first of all, the single biggest thing that immediately will change how we're doing in neuromod is actually our sales force expansion in the U.S. and our training and execution there. And that's what we're focused on. Then longer term, we put a lot of emphasis in our R&D pipeline. We have a number of new people, new management, broader pipeline under development, I'm not going to give you any kind of insights to it and so forth because I don't really want to get the world focused on it. But it's an area where we think there's a lot of opportunity in the types of products we have. We don't think we've sort of fully gotten the benefit of the 2 main products we have now. And so I'd say it's got our attention. We've doubled our investment in R&D there. And I think in the coming years, we'll see that roll out. What was the second part after neuromod? 
Joanne Wuensch: Pipeline in Alere. 
Miles White: Rapid Diagnostics. We've reorganized the Rapid Diagnostics business into 4 segments. Each of them has their emphasis, their target. Each has an R&D plan. Each has a new product plan. We are increasing our investment in R&D also there. I can give you a couple of high points and examples. Infectious disease product, ID now, which we think has got a lot of potential that we're rolling out. The Afinion 2 cardiometabolic platform, another opportunity that we're putting emphasis behind. But I think there's -- generally speaking, there's a lot more possibility for us in incrementally updating and renewing a number of these platforms, and then there's newer stuff than that. And so when we took over the company, which we've now had in our possession a little over a year, one of our targets was to get our hands around the R&D of each of these segments and make sure we had an R&D plan in place, so there was a steady cadence of improvements and new products in each of these businesses. That does take a little time. In our first year, a lot of our focus was stabilizing the organization, its structure, the management, people, execution of what we've got, synergies, et cetera, which we've talked about. Now our attention turns to this, and it has been. I mean, we've been increasing our spending and increasing our focus on this. And that's what the management team is focused on now, is that new product cadence. So beyond that, I don't want to be more specific. Otherwise, we'll be tracking it all here. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. 
Robert Hopkins: Just wanted to follow up, if I might, on the commentary earlier on MitraClip given its visibility. Can you just give us a sense as to what the growth rate of MitraClip was in the fourth quarter? And then to be clear, relative to your earlier comments, do you really not assume U.S. approval and reimbursement for MitraClip in FMR at all in 2019? Is that -- that's not assumed at all? 
Miles White: No, that's not what I said, and that's not what the question was. I'm not assuming that. But the question was whether or not that was pivotal to making our earnings guidance for the year or our sales guidance. And the answer was, it has no bearing on our sales and earnings guidance for the year. 
 But you're asking me a different question now, do I expect approval? And I'd say, well, we'll see. I mean, we're certainly hopeful that we'll get that kind of consideration. And is it possible? I suppose it's possible, but we don't know. We just don't know. Scott? 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. With respect to the MitraClip growth rate, MitraClip grew about 30% in the fourth quarter. 
Robert Hopkins: Okay. So it accelerated a little bit. Okay, I hear you on MitraClip. 
 And then the other sort of product-oriented question that I wanted to ask is that you mentioned in your remarks that Libre is getting some preferred copay status. And I was just -- I found that intriguing. I was just wondering if you could expand on what that means specifically, how broad the program is. Is that just because Libre is a little lower cost? Or are payers trying to incentivize patients to use Libre? So maybe just a little color on the copay status. 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. I mean, as you think about copay status and the way payers use it, that is essentially what they're trying to do, is they're trying to incent a preferred offering with respect to the value proposition that, that offering brings. So as we progress in the second half of the year in our payer dialogue, we saw that certain payers were starting to put Libre in a higher tier, Tier 2, which would result for the end patient in a lower copay, quite frankly. And again, I think as they look at the overall value proposition, the outcomes data and whatnot, they see a compelling argument to do it, and we're starting to see that trend. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets. 
Glenn Novarro: Two device questions. First, on Rhythm Management in the quarter, down 2% to 3%. Is that market softness? Or are you guys just losing share to Boston Scientific because of their HeartLogic feature or losing share to Medtronic because they've got Micra, the leadless pacer? So that's the first question. 
 And then the Vascular business, down 5% in the U.S. That would -- that's surprising to me given you're launching XIENCE Sierra. So similar question, is this just the market is weaker in drug-eluting stents for the U.S.? Is it more pricing pressure? Or is the product simply not gaining traction? 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. I'll start with Rhythm Management here. And as you know, when we acquired that business, it was declining at a fairly heavy clip. We've been able to stabilize it. The overall market, to your point, is down modestly, and our performance is generally in line with that. 
 When it comes to Vascular, same thing. Again, the market is down modestly. XIENCE Sierra is doing well. It's capturing share. In fact, we gained about 5 share points since the launch of XIENCE Sierra. Pricing in the space remains a challenge for all of the market, but XIENCE Sierra is definitely performing there. And quite frankly, our performance overall is a little bit above the market. 
Miles White: Glenn, what you're also seeing there is a reduction in third-party royalty revenue, not share. The stent and the system, XIENCE Sierra, are capturing share, but what you're seeing is the roll-through of loss of a third-party revenue. 
Glenn Novarro: Okay. And one follow-up. Can you give us an update on both your TAVR and mitral program? TAVR, specifically Portico, when do we see a U.S. filing and approval? And then mitral, update on Tendyne enrollment and then maybe comment on the latest acquisition. 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. On TAVR, we would expect to file that here in the second half of this year. We're wrapping up that trial as we speak. With respect to Tendyne and Cephea, obviously, we're expanding them. We've had a long-term vision here in the mitral space to really build a toolbox. Tendyne, we filed actually for CE Mark before the end of last year. So we could possibly see approval here this year. The U.S. is still several years away. And the Cephea program looks like a really great program, but again, still several years away. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Rick Wise from Stifel. 
Frederick Wise: Maybe just one big picture and one product question. Brian has done and the team has done a fabulous job paying down debt. You highlighted some thoughts about the -- your comfort in not doing M&A in today's portfolio. Obviously, that suggests share buyback and dividend. You've touched on it a little bit. But just wondering, are you feeling strongly about taking your excess cash and dividing it equally depending on stock price? I mean, do you have a priority? Is there some -- how are you thinking about it? 
Miles White: No, I don't think about it as dividing it equally. There's -- for any particular capital use, there's a timing, and there's -- or there's a need. If we got to invest in capacity internally and manufacturing and so forth, obviously, that's a good thing. And as I've said, we can afford all of that and more. We're keeping our dividend healthy. We target our dividend generally in a range 40% or higher of our EPS as a payout ratio, a nice healthy range. And a number of our peer group don't do that at all. So I think we've got a good healthy dividend. And that matters to us because we have a large segment of investors that care about that. With regard to M&A, M&A is necessarily opportunistic. It depends on the product, the company, the business, the timing, market values, multiple, all sorts of things. And right now, I don't see any of that lining up to say, "Wow, there's something we're dying to go look at." And then with regard to share buybacks, Rick, it sort of depends on valuations in the market. There's times when share buybacks aren't that economical and other times when they're high return. And on our case, right now, we've got the flexibility. If we want to do any kind of share buyback just to offset dilution and so forth, we can do that. And -- but I think you kind of -- you got to look at it and say, "Is that my best use of cash?" I still want to pay down debt. I don't want to assume we're just going to carry this forward. We paid down a lot of debt fast. It would actually be in our interest to keep doing that, to keep paying it down. I think we're well into a reasonable range now of debt, but we still want to keep paying that debt down. And our cash flow is strong enough that we do have choice. We do -- we have the ability to pay the dividend. We have the ability to do all these things. We can satisfy our capital needs internally. So I think -- I guess the best thing about it is we don't think about it in any mechanistic or formula way, dividing it in half or whatever. We kind of look at where the best -- where the need is and where the best return is. And I think it behooves us to leave ourselves also in a very strong position at a lower debt level. So we got places to use it and places to use it economically. When -- before tax reform, when so much cash was trapped overseas, we were fortunate that we had M&A opportunities to invest that cash for good return. We're not stuck like that now. We can manage cash, manage the cash flows of the company and so forth far more efficiently in terms of the best returns or the best needs. And that's kind of how we look at it. If we find that our best use of the cash or a strong use of the cash is share buybacks, we'd certainly consider that. But right now, I wouldn't say that's our highest priority either. It's still a high priority to just keep paying down the debt. And a couple of years down the road here, depending on what happens with interest rates and so forth, we'd probably be glad we did, and we'll have tremendous strategic flexibility and still have very strong cash flow. So I think it just depends on circumstances at a given point in time. 
Frederick Wise: Yes, that's a great answer. And just last, maybe quickly, I know you love to talk about what could push you to the upper end of your 6.5% to 7% guidance for '19. But there were some wild cards that helped out. You exceeded your initial 2018 organic growth guidance in '18. Maybe just touch on quickly, if you would, what could push you to the upper end or above for your '19 range? 
Miles White: Oh, I think there's -- Rick, I think there's a number of product things that could do that. We've already mentioned MitraClip is a possibility. And it wouldn't take a whole lot, a couple of ticks in any of these businesses of improvement. Last year, our Nutrition business actually did better than we expected. We thought it would do better than prior years, but it did better than that and better than we expected. And some of those tick-ups make a big difference. And so I think if we turn the corner as we expect to and plan to, things like neuromod and other places where we know the fundamental underlying business is strong, it doesn't take a whole lot to sort of correct the underperformance of some businesses, whether it's our Point of Care business or neuromod or some of individual countries in the pharmaceutical business. And the upside here is fairly strong. 
Scott Leinenweber: Very good. Well, thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-16 23:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations, Licensing and Acquisitions. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks, and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Brian and I will take your questions.
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2018. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, through our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that third quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. 
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which adjusts the 2017 basis of comparison to exclude the impact of exchange and historical results for Abbott's Medical Optics and St. Jude's vascular closure businesses, which were divested during the first quarter of 2017 as well as current and prior year sales for Alere, which was acquired on October 3, 2017.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles. 
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, Scott, and good morning. Today, we reported results of another strong quarter with ongoing earnings per share of $0.75 along with sales growth of approximately 8% on an organic basis, reflecting well-balanced growth across all 4 of our businesses.
 I'm particularly pleased with the continued productivity of our new product pipeline and would like to highlight a couple areas where our products are creating and fundamentally shaping markets.
 I'll start with Structural Heart, where we're the world -- or the global leader in minimally invasive treatments for mitral regurgitation or a leaky heart valve. We've recently made several significant advancements in this area. In July, in the U.S., we initiated a pivotal trial for Tendyne, our device that's designed to replace damaged mitral heart valves without the need for open heart surgery. We also received U.S. FDA approval for our third-generation version of MitraClip, our market-leading device for the repair of mitral heart valve. And in September, we announced the results of our landmark COAPT trial, which demonstrated the MitraClip improved survival in clinical outcomes for patients with functional mitral regurgitation, the most prevalent form of this condition. We expect to submit this study data to the U.S. FDA in the coming weeks to support consideration of an expanded indication for MitraClip. These advancements will further enhance and strengthen our leadership position in this large and highly underpenetrated disease area and will bring new therapies to patients where effective treatment options are currently limited.
 Diabetes Care is another area where our technologies are making a big impact, specifically FreeStyle Libre, a revolutionary glucose monitoring system that eliminates the need for routine finger sticks. In the U.S., we received FDA approval for a 14-day sensor with a shorter 1-hour warm-up, making Libre the longest lasting wearable glucose sensor available. And in Europe, we obtained CE Mark for our FreeStyle Libre 2 system, our newest generation 14-day system with optional real-time alarms.
 In a relatively short period of time, FreeStyle Libre now has more than 1 million users across the globe, a testament to the mass market appeal of this product, which is fundamentally changing the way people with diabetes manage their disease.
 I'll now summarize our third quarter results in more detail before turning the call over to Brian. I'll start with Diagnostics, where sales grew 7.5% in the quarter. Alinity, our family of highly differentiated instruments, is achieving accelerated growth and strong competitive win rates in Europe, where more than 50% of our Alinity instrument placements, thus far, are coming from share capture. The global rollout of Alinity positions this business for consistent above-market growth for years to come, as we capture share and bring the full suite of systems to additional geographies, including the U.S.
 In Rapid Diagnostics, third quarter sales were driven by cardiometabolic testing. We just completed the first year anniversary of our acquiring this business, and we're pleased with the progress we've made to position ourselves for growth and margin expansion going forward.
 In Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, sales were led by double-digit growth in several geographies, including Russia and China. As expected, sales growth in the quarter was impacted by a difficult comparison versus the prior year when we saw channel restocking across the market in India following implementation of a new tax system in that country.
 Our unique branded generics business focused specifically on key emerging, markets continues to execute its strategy and grow faster than the market in several of our priority countries, including India and China.
 In Nutrition, sales increased 6% in the quarter, led by a strong performance in our international business. In Pediatric Nutrition, global growth was well balanced across infant and toddler nutrition as well as above-market growth in the U.S. and double-digit growth broadly across our international markets. And in adult nutrition, growth was led by our market-leading Ensure and Glucerna brands, most notably internationally, where we achieved 7% growth overall in adult nutrition
 Lastly, I'll cover our results for Medical Devices, where sales grew 10% in the quarter led by double-digit growth in Electrophysiology, Structural Heart and Diabetes Care.
 In Electrophysiology, growth of 20% was led by double-digit growth across our heart mapping and ablation portfolio as well as Confirm, the world's first and only smartphone-compatible insertable cardiac monitor.
 In Structural Heart, we achieved strong growth across several areas of our portfolio, including more than 20% growth of MitraClip and double-digit growth of AMPLATZER PFO, our minimally invasive device that plugs life-threatening holes in the heart. 
 And in Diabetes Care, sales grew 40% in the quarter, led by FreeStyle Libre, which achieved sales of over $300 million in the quarter, an increase of more than 100% versus the prior year.
 So in summary, this was another very good quarter with all 4 businesses contributing to strong growth overall. Our pipeline continues to be highly productive, including significant recent advancements in Structural Heart and Diabetes Care that are creating and shaping markets.
 And lastly, we're forecasting EPS and organic sales growth at the upper end of the range, as we said at the beginning of the year.
 I'll now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our results and outlook for the year in more detail. Brian? 
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Miles. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance.
 Turning to our results. Sales for the third quarter increased 7.8% on an organic basis. Rapid Diagnostics, which was acquired late last year and is therefore not included in our organic sales growth results, achieved sales of $481 million. Exchange had an unfavorable year-over-year impact of 2.7% on third quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar strengthened versus several currencies, resulting in a larger unfavorable impact on our results this quarter compared to the expectations had exchange rates held steady since the time of our earnings call in July.
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 59.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 7.3% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense is 29.7% of sales.
 Turning to our outlook for the full year 2018. We forecast organic sales growth of approximately 7%, at the top end of the guidance range we provided at the beginning of the year. At current rates, we expect exchange would now have a slightly negative impact on full year reported sales.
 In addition, we continue to expect Rapid Diagnostics to contribute sales of a little more than $2 billion.
 We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 59.5% of sales, which includes underlying gross margin improvement across our businesses. We forecast adjusted R&D investment of a little less than 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 30.5% of sales.
 Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2018. We forecast an adjusted EPS of $0.80 to $0.82. We forecast organic sales growth of mid- to high single digits. And at current exchange rates, we'd expect exchange to have a negative impact of a little more than 3% on reported sales.
 In addition, we expect Rapid Diagnostics to contribute sales of around $500 million in the fourth quarter, which, as I previously mentioned, is not included in our organic growth rate this year. 
 Before we open the call for questions, I'll now provide an overview of our fourth quarter organic sales growth outlook by business.
 For Established Pharmaceuticals, we forecast mid-single-digit sales growth, which reflects the difficult comparison in our noncore other business segment relative to the fourth quarter of last year when sales increased strong double digits.
 In Nutrition, we forecast low- to mid-single-digit sales growth. In Diagnostics, we forecast mid- to high-single-digit sales growth. And in Medical Devices, we forecast high-single-digit sales growth, which reflects double-digit growth in several areas of this business.
 With that, we will now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
Scott Leinenweber: We cannot hear the question, operator. 
David Lewis: Can you hear me now? 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. 
David Lewis: So Miles, 2 questions for you. Obviously, a lot of business momentum here in 2018 and meaningful drivers ahead, like Libre 2 and MitraClip. So as you think about sort of sustainability, is sort of 6% to 7% range sustainable over the intermediate term? And how are you feeling about Abbott's ability to deliver double digits or low teen earnings given the currency environment in all of these various opportunities to grow? 
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, David. Let me take the first part of that. The answer is sort of definitively and absolutely yes on the sustainability of earnings. In fact -- rather, sales top line, and I'll get to earnings in a minute. In that 6% to 7% range, I say yes. And frankly, I'm even looking at 7% and better. But if you look at the underlying momentum of each of these businesses today and the underlying growth of each of these businesses, there's actually some places, I think, it could get better. There's places we're, obviously, trying to improve. I wouldn't forecast it yet, but I still see plenty of growth, plenty of opportunity, frankly, with the new product pipeline for years to come. And you're seeing the evidence of that right now in the performance of all the businesses. The Diagnostics business growth rate is clearly turned up. That is clearly the impact of Alinity taking hold. It's having great success in Europe. Libre is doing super well. And on top of that, we haven't really put a lot of promotional emphasis behind it. So I see a strong future for both of those. The new product cadence coming out of Medical Devices is really good. And frankly, we expect another approval imminently here in the U.S. So I think that in terms of the sustainability of top line, I feel very good about that. I feel really good about the underlying growth of the company, the sustainability of it, et cetera. The little elephant in the room is clearly exchange. And I think that's true for practically every multinational out there. I think all of us, all investors, all companies doing business in international markets are experiencing the upturn in exchange now. And frankly, a bit of uncertainty about how long it lasts because every time we enter a new year, we kind of think we've got a notion of what exchange and currency and so forth is going to do, and it never last the entire year. We always see a change once or twice during the year. And some of that is just driven by news. Some of it is driven by trade talk and other things. But it's -- I think, for all of us, it's a little hard to forecast. So we see that -- in the third quarter, we've seen a tick-up in currency impact. We're clearly moving into a headwind here. We'll see that in the fourth quarter. And I think that's going to continue into next year. The question is, how far into next year? And how heavy is that headwind? And on our case, we look at the overall business and say, "Look, the underlying growth rates, the underlying strength of the business is really strong." And we've been able, historically, to absorb exchange, mitigate exchange, deal with exchange, et cetera, and be a very reliable performer for our investors. And that's always our goal. We always start the year with a double-digit earnings goal every year. And it's the rare year when we don't achieve that, hit it or exceed it. And this is no different. I think, right now, we're a few months ahead of next year. And a lot always happens in the first quarter. So we don't have any way to reliably tie down what we think currency is going to do. I don't think anybody does, obviously. I know that it will be a headwind starting out. What happens from there, who knows? But we go into the year looking at double digits. And with underlying growth like we have in all of our businesses, I'd say, that was pretty solid. 
David Lewis: Okay. Miles, very clear. And the second, just a follow-up for you is just, can you help us put the Robert Ford announcement into perspective and sort of share your thoughts on what it means for you over the intermediate term? 
Miles White: Well, what it means to me over the intermediate term is I get a lot more help, which I'm happy about. Look, it's obviously a succession step. And one of the things that I think any good leader's got to do with his company is make sure that there's always good, strong succession, building, growing, et cetera, in the company. And that applies to me, too. So I think, for the continuity of the performance of this company, the continuity of its strategies, the continuity of it sustainable growth rates and so forth going forward, that's important. Robert Ford has been in this company this entire year. I've known him 22 years and pay a lot of attention to his career, as you might imagine. And he's been an excellent operator. He's handled our entire St. Jude integration, done a terrific job with Medical Devices. And consequently, I want all of those Medical Device businesses continuing to report directly to him, even as he takes on more responsibility. And I'd say, with time, this will develop pretty nicely. And I think it's a very good strong move for the company. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus from JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Miles, wanted to ask you about COAPT. A lot of us were at the TCT conference in San Diego last month and saw the great data there to a room of standing ovation, which we don't see in Medical Devices that often. So us on The Street, we can think about big numbers with such a large patient opportunity. Maybe tell us how you're thinking about MitraClip over the next few years and how you think The Street should be thinking about it. 
Miles White: Well, I'll tell you what. Obviously, the performance of MitraClip in that study was a real home run. And it's not often that studies are so definitively positive and so good in terms of their impact for patients. So we're, obviously, very happy about that and very proud of that. Our objective will be to move through the regulatory processes as rapidly as can be done and make it available for that use as rapidly as we can. I think the medical community sees tremendous medical benefit in that. And when you can make that kind of a difference, it's obviously big, important, good thing. And how rapidly we go through that regulatory process, hard to predict. We have not got a lot of -- well, we don't have any particular impact for next year in our roadmap for next year, at this point, for any impact from that product, so anything that happens is upside. And obviously, beyond that, I think it's got a pretty sizable opportunity. And it's not a broad mass market product, but the number of patients that will benefit from the product is significant. And so I think it will clearly make a difference in the overall performance of the company, this Medical Device business, the company, et cetera. It's not one that's going to get lost in rounding error, I can tell you that. Scott, do you want to add anything to that? 
Scott Leinenweber: No, that's fair. We'll submit, as Miles mentioned in his prepared remarks, to the FDA in the coming weeks. And after that, it's in their hands, and we'll let that process play out. 
Robert Marcus: Okay. Great. Maybe a follow-up on Libre. This is a product that's been wildly successful and now over $100 million run rate in the U.S., over $1 billion globally. And you really have one major competitor here that's, let's call it, at the upper end of the technology scale. And Abbott, I view as the low cost, easy to access, very easy-to-use product in continuous glucose monitoring. So as we think about the evolution of Libre over the next few years, how do you think about Libre staying at the lower end of the cost and ease-of-use curve versus moving up and trying to compete with your main competitor there? 
Miles White: Well, I'll tell you, interestingly enough, I don't actually look at it the way you just described. I think Libre is a pretty different product. It's a -- it's got tremendous capability. But given that value point that we have it priced at, it is accessible to patients all over the world. And when we first launched in Europe, we launched without any government reimbursement. And for the first time, glucose monitoring was patient pay. And it had wildly great acceptance just on that basis, which actually encouraged governments to reimburse the product. So I think with health care today, a lot of things that come to market are very expensive, whether they are pharmaceuticals or devices. And in this particular case, it was important that this have a medical and a -- an economic value proposition that made it accessible to all patients or as many as possible. And there's tens of millions of diabetes patients out there. Obviously, there's type 1s and insulin-dependent patients and there's type 2s trying not to be. And so the product has a much broader appeal across a much broader patient base. And in our case, we have a much lower cost and far greater automated manufacturing capability to not only allow that cost, but to allow for mass production. And that's the path we've taken. And we've gone at this from an access standpoint that's far more retail and direct-to-consumer-oriented. It's made a big difference. So I'd say, at this point, we're making healthy profits on this product. We have no intention of changing the value proposition at all. I mean, your question sort of suggests that we would raise price in order to be competitive. I'd say, you ought to be asking the other side what are they going to do to make themselves a value proposition because this product is an incredibly good value proposition, which is why it's got such high demand. And to be honest, we don't even measure ourselves relative to any competition, including finger stick, at this point. We know how many potential patients that are out there. And it's our intent to capture the vast majority or possible maximum of them that we possibly can in just a few years. So I look at Libre right now, and a lot of people call it a wild success. I kind of think we're just getting started. And we're investing heavily in capacity to allow even more rapid expansion. And people will say, "Well, how do you model that?" And I think I'm not sure we can model it. It's that good. So I'd tell you, you probably need to think about this a little differently in terms of value proposition and the kind of access that affords. And I think the future of health care kind of demands that from us, from all companies. There are certain products, obviously, there are small volume, there are niche medical treatments and so forth that are costly to develop, costly to make and provide and so forth. But there's others that have much broader impact and much broader appeal. And part of the future of health care and the necessity for companies like ours is making those things as broadly accessible as possible. And we still, obviously, have to earn our return. And I could assure you, we're making a nice healthy return on Libre. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. 
Robert Hopkins: So 2 quick questions. First a product question and then an earnings growth question. On the product side, obviously, the context here is that Abbott is a company delivering absolutely top-of-class revenue growth. But the one thing in the quarter that I wanted to ask about was Neuromodulation. That was a little slower like the last quarter. I'm just curious, is your outlook for that business changed at all? Or this is just still temporary hiring issues? And when do you think you can return to more like double-digit growth in that division? 
Miles White: Okay. Thanks. I think it's more of the same from last quarter. And I do think this is temporary. I think it's going to take us couple of quarters to work through, let's call it, the commercial execution issue we have. And you don't fix that overnight, but we will fix it and fix it in the near term. And I do think that this is a business that should return to double-digit growth. So I can look at that as something that gets better for us. It was, obviously, very strong last year. It hit a stall point during this year. But I do think that upside is there. And it's strictly in our hands at this point. So yes, I'm pretty optimistic about it. Do you go to bed happy about it? No. Can you fix it? Yes, and we are. 
Robert Hopkins: Okay. Two other quick little things. What was the U.S. -- imminent U.S. product approval you guys were highlighting in your prepared remarks? And then I also wanted to just follow up really quickly on David's question on earnings growth. And I realized you start every year at 10%. The Street is modeling roughly 12% earnings growth for really the next couple of years. Given all the puts and takes, is that a reasonable place to start? Or could currency make that a little challenging? 
Miles White: Okay. First question is really easy. I was referencing HeartMate 3 and a new claim. Second question, good question. I know The Street is where it is. The Street, generally, in its consensus, hasn't tried to factor in or tried to model exchange. And we're all looking at the same exchange trends right now, even The Street. So I'd say, look, if I privately pull the 20 analysts or so that -- on the sell side that cover Abbott, or any company for that matter, you'd probably all say, "Well, this is my current estimate based on underlying growth, but I'm not sure how exchange is going to impact it." And secondly, I'm not sure how much everybody is going to try to absorb in their P&L and how much they're going to pass through in their estimates and so forth. I think we're all kind of in that boat together right now. Do I think that 10% to 12% range right now is reasonable? We start every year at double digits. And whatever -- I think, as I said earlier, the underlying growth of these businesses is there. There's puts and takes. There's ins and outs. There's not just product ins and outs. There's tax rate. Everybody that experience tax reforms is going to experience some adjustments in tax rates this year. There's puts and takes. We, obviously, made a change in some of our debt cost with euro debt. That's a positive for us. So there's a bunch of pluses and minuses we've got to sort out. The one that's hard to forecast in some way is exchange. And yet, we were on the dot to the penny or penny above or better every single quarter. So we tend to like a lot of precision on our forecasting. And the hardest thing to forecast here is exchange. So do I think that could be a bit of a mitigator here? It might be, but we're all going to know a lot more about that in a few months when it's time to set our guidance for next year. Historically, as you know, we have always tried to offset in some fashion or mitigate as much exchange as possible, so that we can reliably deliver what our investments -- what our investors expect. I mean, there's -- look, there's a lot of moving parts in the world, and we're always trying to synthesize all those moving parts and give you, the investor, reliability to the penny every quarter. And so far, I think for the last 15 to 20 years, we've been pretty damn good at that. Going into next year, our goals will be no different. And right now, I think that even analysts and their estimates that inform that 12% consensus that you referenced as being out there now is subject to change by analysts factoring in exchange or any number of other things. But in our case, we're always trying to mitigate that. I don't know where it will come out. But I think somewhere in that range is probably right. We'll be starting at 10%. And we'll see what happens after that. I would tell you this, if exchange mitigates and we suddenly see a weak dollar, we're not going to have a problem making you happy. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar from Evercore. 
Vijay Kumar: So Miles, maybe the first one on the sustainability question. If I'm looking at '19, you have MitraClip FMR indication, which is incremental. Libre continues its strength. You have HeartMate 3, which is incremental. Portico U.S. launch, which is incremental. A stable CRM outlook. Neuromod, your comps get easy. Alinity, it should be ramping in the U.S. It really feels like all the strength we've seen in '18, they should continue into '19. So maybe can you just talk about some drivers or how we should be thinking about the pluses and the minuses? 
Miles White: Well, Vijay, you forgot to mention Alere. You forgot to mention COAPT. You forgot to mention some improvements in EPD. It's interesting. I've never, in my career here, seen such breadth across the company in new products, new product launches, market conditions, et cetera. Even Nutrition, right now, is doing considerably better than it has the last couple of years. I wouldn't forecast better for Nutrition, but I like what it's doing right now. And EPD, it's in high growth or, at least, moderate to high growth markets with great tailwinds. It of course has a currency headwind, like everything else. But all of these things are performing really well. And even the ones that you can see and forecast and track pretty well, like Libre or Alinity, et cetera, they're actually accelerating. And that just gets better. So I think the sustainability of the growth and the diversity of it is a huge plus. It's not like we're reliant on a single product or a single country. We're not highly indexed in China. And we're not overdependent on a single product. There's just great diversity of growth opportunity across the board. And I think the -- I'm really proud of the company from a productivity and pipeline standpoint. That goes for St. Jude as well. As I've said a number of times, St. Jude, in the course of our acquisition negotiations with them continued to talk to us the veracity of their pipeline and how good it was. And to be honest, they were right, and that's proven. So I'm pretty bullish on just the diversity of opportunity here. And while we can try to point at 1 or 2 of them, I think Libre and Alinity stick out. But incremental matters. And incremental in any business here, whether it's HeartMate 3 or Neuro or even EPD or Alere or anything us, Portico, all of these things contribute to the growth of the company, and that's how we like it. We like every bit of this company performing well. 
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful. And maybe one for Brian. Brian, when you look at the guidance for Q4, any implication for '19? So gross margin is at 59.5%. That would imply an acceleration to Q4. Any particular reason why GM sequentially should step up? How much did FX cost you guys in the EPS? There was a lot of questions on why guidance was not raised for the year. And it looks like, at least, $0.05 cents hit in the back half here. And is that sort of a similar number we should be thinking about just given where FX is right when you think about for '19? 
Brian Yoor: All right, Vijay. Let me start with the gross margin. Our underlying gross margin improvement has been strong. It's ticking up nearly about 0.5 point year-over-year, and that's largely the effect of our synergies that are going on, both with respect to Alere and its integration. And also contained synergies with St. Jude. And every year, we put an emphasis on improving our underlying gross margin of all of our businesses. So we had the healthy reinvestment back into the business. FX really not -- it mixes -- it moves around a little bit here and there. It changes every day, but it's not really having too much of an impact. So we're seeing close to 40 bps of gross margin improvement. That's all underlying for the year. Your observation on FX as far as earnings is pretty spot on. If you recall, we came out at the beginning of the year and we thought that FX would actually be a tailwind of about $0.05. It's probably now closer to that $0.03 to $0.04 down on a full year basis. So we're powering through that. We're powering through that with all the underlying performance that Miles has talked about with respect to all the businesses. So when you look under line, it's outstanding, very strong performance that carries momentum into 2019. 
Miles White: I would just add one comment that blame it on the CEO comment. I don't get overly worked up about raising in the fourth quarter. We've been ahead all year. We're performing strong. Like you, I'm looking at next year and the continuity and sustainability of it all. Whatever the fourth quarter is, it will be. And we're not going to miss -- that's incredibly unlikely. We are all observing that exchange is a bigger headwind. But when you get to giving guidance for the fourth quarter or raising, I think, generally, one is tweaking. And at this point in the year, I think tweaking for one quarter is kind of -- I'm looking at next year. And so I wouldn't read too much into that other than, look, the obvious. We all know exchanges is getting headier. And -- but beyond that, I think the story here is the underlying growth, and that is pretty strong and pretty sustainable. So don't read too much into it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Raj Denhoy from Jefferies. 
Raj Denhoy: Wonder if I could maybe ask about one of the areas in Medical Devices that continues to be sort of a little slower, and that's Vascular. So couple questions there. One, is there anything you can give us in terms of how the initial launch of the XIENCE Sierra stent is doing? And second to that, also the PHP, your percutaneous pump is still -- that trial is still halted. So any updates in terms of when that might get restarted? 
Scott Leinenweber: Raj, this is Scott. Yes, I would just say with respect to the Vascular business, I think the big news item earlier this year was the U.S. approval of our XIENCE Sierra stent. That's off to a very good start. When you're going in to that, that physician feedback, I know it was very positive to our experience in Europe there. So we've added Sierra to a number of our contracts here in the U.S. We've actually recaptured several share points in the U.S. during the quarter. We also launched a product in Japan recently, and it's performing there very well. So the business had some momentum. But honestly, Sierra stent, it's is a very good product. There's a little bit of masking of that growth with respect to some of the noncommercial royalty revenue that we get, but that's noise. The commercial side of the business is really performing quite well with respect to that launch. With respect to PHP, that's a program we're still committed to very much so. We have not provided any updates on the time line of late. I would expect we will in the future at some point. 
Raj Denhoy: Okay. Fair. Maybe just -- for my second question just kind of a broader one on kind of the tone and outlook for the business broadly. Obviously, it depends a lot on the portfolio that various companies have. But is there anything you can offer in terms of how procedure volumes and pricing broadly are tracking in the industry right now? 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. No change, really. I mean, procedures and demand volume from that side of things are fairly constant to the way they've been running and trending for the last several quarters. Pricing in some of the segments, such as CRM and Vascular, is a modest headwind. But demand is strong, offsetting most of that. Those are really the only 2 areas of the Medical Device business where we think about price. The others are very healthy. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets. 
Glenn Novarro: Two quick questions. First, Miles, on Alere, you'll do $2 billion in revenue this year. I think that's hitting expectations. But Alere is going to be folded into organic growth in 2019. So can you help us think about Alere growth in 2019 and beyond? That's first question. And then quickly on Libre 2, can you give us an update on the U.S. approval timing? 
Miles White: Yes, let me do Alere first. So our first year -- you're spot on, on all your observations. Our first year was obviously stabilized, integrated, organized, put management in place, et cetera. All done, all done well and so on. And we benefited in this last year from -- and probably one of the stronger flu seasons in a long time, so the infectious diseases business in Alere, the infectious disease testing business did well in that context. Going forward, obviously, we now need to turn to driving growth. And I can't give you a forecast or prediction on that for '19 yet, or even '20 beyond that. But that's where the attention turns. I think we're mostly through all the disruption and/or transition synergies, et cetera, all that activity. In fact, I've got an update on that after this meeting later today. And at this point, our entire emphasis turns to what kind of sustainable growth rate we can now generate and trend out of that business. So I don't have a specific answer for you yet, Glenn. But I think that's one of our growth drivers of the future. And that's kind of next steps with it. And I'm sorry, what was the second half of your question? 
Glenn Novarro: Timing, Libre 2 in the U.S. 
Miles White: I might have to ask Scott for some help on that because I'm not sure we can give you timing on that. 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes, that's right, Miles. We haven't provided timing yet on Libre 2 in the U.S. Obviously, we will bring an alarm version to the U.S. at some point in time. The current version is obviously doing quite well as well. So that's just another opportunity in the pipeline, but we have not provided specifics on time line yet. 
Miles White: I would tell you this. It should take a lot less time than it seems to. The U.S. lags Europe and the rest of the world on some of these approvals in a way that I find hard to explain, but it is what it is. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: One on capital allocation, one on Nutrition. Miles, you've been paying down debt. You've been quiet on the M&A front in 2018. Do you expect that to change in 2019? And I just had one question on Nutrition. 
Miles White: Okay. Let me deal with that one first. Well, first of all, I think the organization has done a terrific job on cash generation and debt pay down. And I give Brian Yoor and the management team total credit for that because what we've done for cash management, debt management, debt pay down and stuff has been led by him and terrific job. And to be honest, when we took all the borrowing down in order to do the St. Jude and Alere acquisitions, our debt to EBITDA ratio was, gosh, I think, like, 4.3, something like that. And we made commitments to the rating agencies that we would get that down pretty fast. And we're down to, I think, 2. So we've obviously paid off a lot of debt very fast. And we're happy with the rate of that. And it gives us a lot of flexibility from a capital allocation or strategic flexibly standpoint. But will we continue to pay down debt? We will. But I think we also -- we have other capital needs, where, for example, we want to target our dividend in a certain range as a percent of our EPS. And we are completely able to do that and meet those targets and those goals for dividend payouts. Some of our capital attention has been paid to growth. And we are investing in Alinity, and we're investing in Libre. We're making a large investment in capacity expansion for Libre that, I think, you'll see drive even more growth out of Libre than you can see now and fulfill kind of the larger mass market ramp-up we see for that product. We're putting a fair bit of investment into the expansion of Alinity. So when we can invest our capital in growth not only near term, but long term with high return, that's a good use for our capital. And we're obviously doing that. We haven't, to be fair, seen a lot on the M&A front that interests us. And as I've indicated in the past, we always keep our ear to the ground. We're always doing our homework on what possibilities may or may not be out there and what might interest us, what might fit our portfolio. But right now, we haven't seen anything that draws our attention that way. So we don't have anything on our radar screen from the standpoint of M&A that, we think, is beneficial to us. We've got so much more opportunity in the company organically and out of our pipelines and the expansion of all the things we've talked about earlier that, that's really where our focus is. And fortunately, for us, it can be and ought to be. So we just haven't seen anything to draw our cash or capital investment from the standpoint of an M&A. I mean, there may be little things here and there, but nothing that I would say is particularly needle moving on a big scale here in any near-term way. And then finally, I suppose the fifth, last opportunity is -- or that I haven't mentioned is not last and priority, but -- is share buyback. And right now, we haven't been. What you're seeing in our EPS growth and so forth is pure growth and not enhanced at all by share buybacks. And to be honest, as we've all seen during the year, that hasn't been a high return investment for a lot of companies. And we've had better uses for our capital that do have high returns for us. And so consequently, it doesn't rule it out. It doesn't rule out that we could do it, but we'll only do it if it's got a good return for us and our investor, et cetera. And right now, our best investment is us. So we're directing our cash that way. I think our cash flow is strong enough that we've got a lot of good choices. We will continue to pay down debt. But we're at a point where we've got strategic flexibility. It's just a question on where we'd use it. And I think that's all good. 
Larry Biegelsen: Very clear. And just last for me, Miles, on Nutrition. A year ago, that was the slowest growing business. That's clearly turned around. The international Pediatric Nutrition business is doing really well. Any color on what's going on in China? And lastly, on that, the Adult Nutrition business in the U.S. has been a little weak recently. Is that still private label competition? What's the outlook there? 
Brian Yoor: Okay. Yes, I'll take the last first, Larry. This is Brian. With respect to the U.S., what you're seeing is the impact of a wind-down of a noncore product line for us. You'll see that here in Q3. Otherwise, the U.S. business will be growing. You'll see in Q4 as well. It's noncore to us and it's -- we've just decided to wind it down. That's the only thing going on in the U.S. With respect to China, the transition is going smoothly. The food safety law transition is going smoothly. I think behavior has been rational in the market. The market growth rates in China have been strong. And we're always fighting there to grow share. But our greater China business has done quite well this year. And we expect the markets there in China to remain strong and stable going forward on the pediatric side of the business. 
Miles White: Yes. I would only add that the whole Nutrition business, obviously, is doing a lot better this year than it did last year. Where it is right now, there's various countries or various segments of business where we want to do better. There's ups and downs. But overall, if you take it as a whole, a lot happier where it is today than where it was a year ago. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. 
Christopher Pasquale: I wanted to follow up on the FX commentary and try to make sure we're all on the same page. As we think about next year, Brian, if rates were to stay where they are right now, what would the earnings impact from currency be in 2019? 
Brian Yoor: It's going to be somewhere probably between 3% and 4% of our earnings. And we've seen that before. And as Miles said, we always work to mitigate as much of that as possible. And the great news is that we have a lot of underlying growth in the businesses and the sales growth that we're going to power through as much of that as possible. 
Miles White: And I would add to that, Chris. It always comes as a judgment trade-off. If you could predict currency for the whole year or beyond, that would be one thing, but we can't. And so we take a lot of different actions to mitigate the volatility of it or the impact of it. We've got a very sophisticated and, frankly, complex rolling hedging program on the currencies that we can hedge, so we take out a lot of the unpredictability with that. Obviously, over the long term, we're not currency traders and we're not trying to be, but we're trying to be able to make our earnings and our sales more predictable, more stable, more reliable in terms of what our investors want to see and, frankly, the impact on us, so we can plan and manage. That said, gosh, today's currency rates, if sustained, it'll be a heavy headwind. Do I think all of that somehow passes through to the investor? I do not. Do I think that the currency rates will be the same 3 months from now or the same 6 months from now? I do not. If you ask me, do I think they will be up or down? I have no idea. All I know is, as I told you earlier, we look at the right balance of what is right for us to try to mitigate or hedge or whatever we're going to do to perform to the investment identity that our investors expect of us and where are we in a prudent range of how we manage that balance and how we deal with exchange and so forth in the performance for our investors, and we always start with a double-digit target of growth. So a lot of moving parts, and we'll see. Right now, I think that's kind of the only elephant in the room for us. And everything else looks positive and strong and -- or is in our hands to manage. And the one that's not entirely in our hands to manage is what currency hands us. But then, we do have a lot of things to do to try to minimize its impact on the overall performance of the company for our investors. 
Christopher Pasquale: And Brian, just to make sure that I'm hearing you correctly. You're saying about $0.10 headwind for next year, give or take. 
Brian Yoor: It's a range. Exchange currency moves every day, if you look, 3% to 4%, about that. 
Christopher Pasquale: Sure. Okay. And then Miles, just one last one on Alinity in the U.S. What's the latest on the timing there and when you think you'll have a broad enough menu in place to really make a big push domestically with that product? 
Scott Leinenweber: Chris, this is Scott. I would just say, as you know, that the clinical chemistry and immunoassay instruments, the core business there, the instruments are approved. And we are building our test menu at a pretty ratable kind of rate quarter to quarter, so to speak, and making progress on that front. It will still take a few more quarters until we get what we consider a critical mass there. So you'll probably looking back half of 2019 on what we feel like we're really going to have the menu and the systems we need to go out and get business.
 Okay. Well, thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-17 22:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.
  I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks, and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Brian and I will take your questions. 
  Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2018. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, through our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.
  Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that second quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only.
  On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. 
  Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which adjusts to 2017 basis of comparison to exclude the impact of exchange and historical results for Abbott's Medical Optics and St. Jude's vascular closure businesses, which were divested during the first quarter of 2017 as well as the current and prior year sales for Alere, which was acquired on October 3, 2017. 
  With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles. 
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, Scott, and good morning. Today, we reported ongoing earnings per share of $0.73, above our previous guidance range. We also raised our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance and narrowed the range to $2.85 to $2.91, which now reflects 15% growth at the midpoint. All 4 of our businesses exceeded expectations in the quarter and contributed to 8% organic sales growth overall, above our previous guidance range. 
  Over the past several years, we've executed a very deliberate strategy of shaping our portfolio, both adding and pruning. At the same time, we've also invested organically in growth areas that have resulted in game-changing technologies such as FreeStyle Libre and Alinity. These steps have created leadership positions in attractive areas in health care, where innovation makes a big difference for the customers we serve and consequently for our performance. 
  The strong results we're achieving are a direct result of this strategy. Over the past 4 quarters, we've averaged more than 7% organic sales growth, a true differentiator for a company our size. And with synergies from recent acquisitions and our focus on margin expansion, we're able to fully fund our growth opportunities while at the same time, growing earnings significantly faster than sales. We continue to forecast strong performance for the remainder of the year, as evidenced by the fact that we're raising our full year earnings guidance despite the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Clearly, we'd be raising guidance a bit higher if based solely on the underlying performance of our business. 
  I'll now summarize our second quarter results before turning the call over to Brian. I'll start with Diagnostics, where we achieved sales growth of 6.5% in the quarter, including 8% international growth in our core laboratory business. The pace of our Alinity launch in Europe continues to accelerate, driven by strong competitive win rates and even stronger retention rates. This business, which is already a global leader and growing faster than its market, is well positioned for sustainable growth for years to come as we capture share and roll out the full suite of Alinity systems across additional geographies, including the U.S. 
  In Rapid Diagnostics, second quarter sales were driven by infectious disease and cardiometabolic testing. The management team has done an excellent job integrating and stabilizing the business, identifying and realizing synergies and implementing strategies to drive long-term growth. 
  In Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, where we built leading positions in the fastest-growing pharmaceutical markets in the world, sales grew more than 12% in the second quarter. EPD continues to execute its unique strategy and is growing faster than the market in several of its priority countries, including India and China. Our focus on enhancing the depth and breadth of our product portfolios and local capabilities continues to strengthen our position and long-term growth opportunities across these markets. 
  In Nutrition, sales increased 6.5% in the quarter, led by strong performance across our international business. We've now achieved several consecutive quarters of improving performance for this business. 
  In Adult Nutrition, growth was led by our market-leading Ensure and Glucerna brands, most notably internationally, where we saw double-digit growth. 
  In Pediatric Nutrition, strong performance was led by balanced growth across several countries in Asia, including Greater China and Latin America. 
  And lastly, I'll cover Medical Devices, where sales grew more than 8%, led by strong double-digit growth in Electrophysiology, Structural Heart and Diabetes Care. 
  In Electrophysiology, growth of 22% was led by our advanced cardiac mapping and ablation portfolio as well as Confirm, the world's first and only smartphone-compatible insertable cardiac monitor. During the quarter, we further strengthened our product portfolio in the U.S. with the launch of our Advisor HD catheter, which includes a first of its kind configuration to create highly detailed maps of the heart. 
  In Structural Heart, strong growth across several areas of our portfolio was led by MitraClip, our market-leading device for the minimally invasive repair of mitral heart valve. Earlier this month, we received U.S. FDA approval for our next-generation version of MitraClip, which includes design enhancements and an additional clip size to enable more patients to be treated. 
  In Vascular, during the quarter, we received FDA approval for XIENCE Sierra, the newest generation of our leading coronary stent system, which will enhance our competitiveness in the U.S. market. And we also received national reimbursement for XIENCE Sierra in Japan during the quarter. 
  Lastly, in Diabetes Care, sales grew over 30% for the third consecutive quarter, driven by FreeStyle Libre, our highly differentiated sensor-based glucose monitoring system. Libre offers a true mass-market opportunity with its unique combination of affordability, accessibility and ease of use, and it's achieving a level of patient adoption that's unprecedented in the industry with more than 800,000 current users globally. 
  So in summary, this was another very good quarter as we execute on our strategic priorities. All 4 of our businesses exceeded expectations for the quarter and contributed strong growth overall. And lastly, we started the year with strong double-digit EPS guidance. And despite recent currency shifts, today, we're raising our outlook even higher based on the strength of our underlying performance. 
  I'll now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our results and outlook for the year in more detail. Brian? 
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Miles. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with our previous guidance. 
  Turning to our results. Sales for the second quarter increased 8% on an organic basis, above our previous guidance range. Sales in Rapid Diagnostics, which was acquired late last year and is therefore not included in our organic sales growth results, achieved sales of $484 million. 
  Exchange had a favorable year-over-year impact of 1.7% on second quarter sales. During the quarter, we saw the U.S. dollar strengthen versus several currencies, resulting in a less favorable impact on our sales this quarter compared to expectations had exchange rates held steady since the time of our earnings call in April. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 59.2% of sales. Adjusted R&D investment was 7.1% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 30.7% of sales. 
  Turning to our outlook for the full year 2018. Based on our strong performance and momentum, we're increasing our organic sales growth forecast to 6.5% to 7.5%. At current exchange rates, we would expect exchange to have a favorable impact of around 50 basis points on full year reported sales, which would be around 170 basis points lower than expectations based on exchange rates in April. 
  In addition, we continue to expect Rapid Diagnostics to contribute sales of a little more than $2 billion. We continue to forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of somewhat above 59% of sales, which includes underlying gross margin improvement across our businesses. We forecast adjusted R&D investment of around 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of somewhat below 30.5% of sales. 
  Turning to our outlook for the third quarter of 2018. We forecast an adjusted EPS of $0.73 to $0.75. We forecast organic sales growth of mid- to high single digits. And at current rates, we expect exchange to have a negative impact of approximately 2% on reported sales. 
  And in addition, we expect Rapid Diagnostics to contribute sales of approximately $500 million in the third quarter. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 59% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of around 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 29.5% of sales. 
  Before we open the call for questions, I'll now provide an overview of our third quarter organic sales growth outlook by business. For Established Pharmaceuticals, we forecast mid- to high single-digit sales growth, which takes into consideration our strong third quarter results last year when quarterly sales patterns in India were impacted by the implementation of the new tax system in that country. 
  In Nutrition, we forecast mid-single-digits growth for the third quarter and are increasing our full year forecast for 2018 to mid-single digits as well. In Diagnostics, we forecast mid- to high single-digits sales growth. And in Medical Devices, we forecast high single-digit sales growth for the third quarter and are increasing our full year forecast for 2018 to high single digits as well, which reflects continued double-digit growth in several areas of the business. 
  With that, we will now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
David Lewis: Miles, 2 dynamics that really stand out to us this quarter in addition to, obviously, the stronger organic number. Just international Nutrition recovery and obviously, the Libre progression. So can you just give us some details on sort of the drivers of Nutrition acceleration, the sustainability in the back half of the year? And then Libre, where it is relative to your plan and your comfort with maybe $100 million number in U.S. Libre this year, and I had a quick follow-up. 
Miles White: Okay. In the Nutrition business, I'd say, first of all, we're pleased with the success in performance. It's across the board. It's not in any one place. We've been through pretty detailed reviews and plans by geographic area and so forth. A lot of times, we're talking about Nutrition in terms of either the U.S. or China. In this case, it's actually not concentrated that way. It's really across the board in all the countries we're in. So I'm pretty pleased to see a uniform increase in performance and our plans taking hold and working in a lot of countries internationally. And like a lot of things, it's small things and a lot of them in coordination, blocking and tackling and just doing a better job with our marketing, our positioning in products and so forth. So as far as sustainability goes, I feel like this business ought to be able to perform in a, call it, low to mid-single-digit range on a fairly sustainable basis. And if we can stay in the range we're in, that's pretty good. I feel pretty good about that. And it's up and down depending on promotions and given geographic areas from time to time. We'll see a competitor put on a heavy promotion in something like adult nutrition in the U.S., and it goes away. Share doesn't change much in that case. But long-term sustainable growth here. We continue to maintain our position as the market leader and even advance it in a number of cases. So I feel like it's pretty solid and look forward to it staying at a, call it, a mid-single-digit level. With regard to Libre, we can't be anything but pleased. It's going extremely well. We're on track with where we want to be in terms of patient acquisition and growth, et cetera. We have nothing to compare us to. No real market dynamics to compare ourselves to other than the acquisition of patients, and we expect to go out of the year with over 1 million patients, which is unprecedented and unseen. We think this is a mass-market sort of a product as opposed to a very niche-y medical device type product because there are so many people that are either insulin-dependent or trying not to be insulin-dependent. And so I think the opportunity here remains enormous. I think the growth is quite sustainable. There's quite a lot more to do to keep enhancing not only the product, the offering, the market, so forth. We like the mix of patients we're getting. We like the geographic mix. We like the geographic advancements. The reimbursement has been very good. Just about everything about this is going better than planned. So I think this is one of the key big sustainable growth drivers of the company, along with the system family Alinity in the diagnostic area. We got a number of growth drivers here. Either big innovative products like this or a collection of, call it, smaller innovative niches like we've got in  a niche is probably, to describe it, too small, but a lot of places where innovation makes a big difference in medical devices. And then you've got market growth. And in spite of the volatility at currencies with -- that affect our pharmaceutical or Nutrition business, the underlying market still had very strong growth. And I -- so I think all of our growth drivers look very reliable for the long term. 
David Lewis: All right. And just another quick focus for me was the neuromod focus for the quarter. I mean, you're kind of anniversarying some fairly explosive growth in that business. But can you just discuss the relative change in neuromod growth this quarter, the drivers of it, what you're doing to address it? And do you believe this portfolio can get back to market growth? 
Miles White: Yes, good question. I think you've got a couple of things going on here, one of which you observed. Explosive growth last year, which is actually interesting part of the problem, I think this was a bit of a self-inflicted wound. We did -- this is a business where the business is very dependent on the involvement of the representative, the sales representative, et cetera, not only with the physician but also with the patients. And we did not expand our sales force in concert with the rate of explosive growth we experienced. And when we finally did expand our sales force recently, it turns out to be pretty disruptive to do that the way we did it. And I'd say the issue we created for ourselves was disruption in our own sales here with the additions of new salespeople and new service people in the field and so forth. You recut territories, you have a lot of training and so forth. So I think we've added to our comp issue here. So do I think it gets back to market growth? Yes, absolutely. I think this is a temporary condition created by us. It will be fixed by us, and we'll figure out how to successively expand our sales force in concert with our growth in a, let's just call it a much smoother fashion in the future. I think we did this to ourselves. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: So it looks like based on the guidance, you're forecasting similar growth in the second half once -- adjusting for the Indian GST benefit that we saw in EPD in the first half. So I guess my question is, Miles, why do you feel confident you can sustain similar underlying growth in the second half given that the comps get significantly tougher in the second half? And I had a follow-up. 
Miles White: Well, first of all, the underlying dynamics of our markets underlying are pretty strong. Our single biggest, I guess, forecastable -- or not forecastable concern, is currency. And I think you're going to hear that from a lot of companies. I think we're all seeing a stronger dollar. And in our case, I'll speak for us, we have a significant portion of our business in high-growth markets, most of which are unhedgeable currencies and are volatile currencies, emerging markets, et cetera. And we like the growth and we like the underlying trends and dynamics of those markets, and I think those have proven to be pretty robust and beneficial. But they also come with the unpredictable volatility of currency from time to time. So as I said in my opening remarks, we'd probably be raising guidance even further here, but for currency headwinds that we see for the remainder of the year. And having been through this cycle a number of times, you're always cautious about the second half of the year until you get to about now and see what the currency is doing because the first half of the year, you think you know what it's going to do, but you really can't predict that far out. And it's clearly made a big change since the first quarter. So we've absorbed a fair bit of that negative currency headwind already, and we'll probably end up absorbing more here in the second half. But we think we've got a pretty good handle on what we face. But the underlying dynamics of the real business are all pretty good. Now that said, things never go exactly like you except them to go. And you take a business like our pharmaceutical business, it's lumpy. It's got -- if you've got a year with GST or other factors that create oddball comparables from year later quarters and so forth, you're automatically going to be lumpy the following year again. So in a business that has a mix of emerging markets, it's almost always up-down, up-down, up-down. The good news is even when it's down, the growth rate is still pretty high. So we go from a good growth rate to a great growth rate, to a good growth rate back and forth because it's a bit volatile. One -- last quarter, it was some dynamics in Russia. This quarter, it's comparables to GST. We'll probably have the same thing because, as you recall, that created a sequential quarter comparable issue in the EPD business last year. So we're going to see ups and downs that way in some of these businesses. And like you guys, our first question is, is there something fundamental about the performance of the business, the performance of the market? Or have we just got timing dynamics or volatility dynamics and so forth? The underlying growth rates in EPD remain very strong across our collection of emerging markets. So I think we tend to look at it that way. We address everything we see. I think we're going to see ups and downs here in a lot of these businesses. Look, we see neuromod at a slower growth rate this quarter, as David just pointed out. Do I think the underlying growth dynamics of that market are somehow unattractive? Absolutely not. That market remains very attractive. And do I think we'll do well in it? Yes, we'll do really well in it. But next year, we'll be referring back to this quarter from a comparable standpoint and so forth. So I am quite confident that what I see in the underlying trends of each of these businesses is pretty good. I'm very pleased with Nutrition, very pleased with the acceleration in Alinity, in Diagnostics. I'm pleased with the steady ramp, which only gets better and better with Libre. And those are big, big growth drivers across the board. So while they may go up and down a couple of percentage points here and there, the underlying overall growth rate is pretty strong. And like I said earlier, we'll probably raise guidance further, but for the concern about exchange. 
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And then for my follow-up, I had to follow up on David's question. Within med tech, there was some pockets of strength like Diabetes and Electrophysiology, but there were a couple of soft spots, like CRM. You've already addressed Neuromodulation and Heart Failure. So any more color on CRM and Heart Failure, how we should be thinking about those segments in the second half of the year? 
Miles White: Yes, there's a couple of dynamics going on with CRM. That one gets a fair amount of my attention, I would tell you. First of all, we got a little bit of a tough comparison to last year because we launched the low-voltage MRI-compatible products then and obviously, had stocking dynamics in the second quarter and so forth. But beyond that, there's also sort of an underlying battery replacement timing thing going on here because when St. Jude, prior to us in '15, '16, had its battery issues, it pulled forward a lot of replacements and -- to replace those batteries. And so you see fewer replacements now because they were pulled forward. Whereas, in the de novo segment, where we got new patients, we're doing extremely well. So when you kind of take it apart, you look at it and say, "Well, if we're right about our diagnosis and analysis here, we should see this pick up in the future with a bit of a tailwind once we get past this replacement phenomenon relative to 2016." So we've looked at that. I think for the rest of this year, we're probably flat in CRM, but that's not a satisfactory position for us. So my expectation is we keep improving the growth rate here. We're not happy with what the growth rate looks like, but we think we understand why. With regard to Electrophysiology and others, geez, they're doing great, as you pointed out. Heart Failure, we need a destination therapy claim, and I think we're going to be in great shape. I think it's that simple. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. 
Robert Hopkins: I just have 2, one kind of big picture and one on a divisional level. From a big picture perspective, I think you guys have been very clear on the topic of durable revenue growth. I have a question on durable earnings growth. And the reason I ask the question is that your earnings growth has obviously been running well above your targets. As we go forward, if you're successful in driving the kind of revenue growth you think you can drive in this business, what does a durable earnings growth outlook look like for the company? Is it closer to 15% than 10%? Just any thoughts on that topic would be appreciated. 
Miles White: Many times in these calls, somebody tries to get me to forecast future earnings growth, and I think we start every year with a goal of, in fact, even a long term of double-digit earnings growth. And that -- you might say, well, that sort of backs you into 10% or 9.999% or whatever. And we don't necessarily hit it every single year, but pretty darn close. In some years, it's a lot more than that. So I would tell you that our overall strategy is we want to grow at a double-digit rate. Otherwise, difficult to call yourself a growth company. We got a lot of pieces in this company. We've tried to position it in growth markets, growth segments, growth products, innovative areas and so forth. And we also have some extremely profitable cash-generating legacy businesses that grow slower, but they're still growth. And those businesses, we do look for incremental growth and the kind of delivery of profit that's above the sales growth rate. And overall, that mix has to deliver that double-digit target for us, which is why we've shaped the company as we have over the last 6 years to add growth and prune away some things that may not fit us over the long term. We've tried to put ourselves in the right geographic markets, the right innovative spaces, the right growing health care areas and so forth so -- we've talked about. So -- and we always look for leverage on the bottom line by improvements in margin, gross margin, even our spending efficiency and so forth. So I don't know that I can predict whether it's 10%, 11%, 12%, 13%, 14%, 15%. But I can tell you, we start every year with the presumption, that's our identity, that's our hallmark, that's the mix of our businesses, that's the mix of our products. And we build our product strategies and business strategies to deliver that. There's a lot of things that change, as you know, over the course of the year. A year never goes quite like you expect it to go. And I'm eliminating exchange for a minute here, even just the dynamics of markets, trade, whatever it may be, new product approvals or delays, et cetera. So we got a lot of moving parts. And I think that as a mix of businesses, we've got a really robust, strong, powerful mix of innovative, profitable businesses. We're in a really great new product cycle of launches. Every piece of this has a nice, sustainable long term ahead of it here. And the businesses, you can see the evidence of it growing. So beyond that, I'm not sure I can predict more accurately for you what it's going to be other than we put a lot of growth drivers here. We're not organically getting a lot of growth out of the Alere business this year, as you know, because we're settling that in, but I'm really pleased with its performance. It's above our expectations. And we haven't even begun to see how that's going to deliver for us in the coming years. So I just look at the way we're managing the delivery of the various pieces of our business. We always got a lot of shots on goal here and a lot of products to expand. So I'd tell you, our goal is always double digits. And beyond that, I'm not ready to tell you how many double digits for next year. 
Robert Hopkins: Fair enough. But I appreciate the detailed answer. And then one other thing I wanted to touch on really quickly was just if there's one business that seems like it's really done better than you thought at the beginning of the year, it's maybe nutritionals. So I was wondering if you could just talk about what's driven the improvement and how sustainable that is. 
Miles White: Well, I think I'll go back to there's no one thing. Our markets are all a little different. You'd think that infant formula and Ensure wouldn't be that complicated, but it actually is at some level. And the dynamics of each market are a little different. And some -- we've got, in some ways, the same multinational competitors in most of our geographies, but even they don't have the same strategies or even the same products in every market. And then there's always a lot of local or regional competitors. And in a country like Vietnam, we had a very strong state competitor there in Vinamilk. A fine company, and they execute very well. They happen to be really strong in rural areas. We happen to be very strong in big cities. That's a dynamic that's unique to Vietnam. The dynamics we face in the Middle East or other markets in Asia are different. It's -- so it's no one thing, I'm afraid. We can try all those consultant 4-box matrices to sort of say all of these countries are like this and put them in the upper left-hand corner box and so on. But even doing that, that's artifice. It's -- each country is a little different. I'd say, overall, we needed to improve several things. The focus of our products. You can have too many. You can have too few. But you got to have certain ones, you got to have certain innovations, you got to have certain ingredients, and you got to have marketing that appeals to the consumers and/or physicians or hospitals that you're trying to appeal to. It's a little tailored to each market. We literally went country by country, call it, top 15 countries and went through a detailed analysis and new strategies and so forth. You say, well, "Was there a lot of management change?" Actually, not. In a few places, yes, but not that many. It's really us and our execution, and we took that bar up and it shows. It shows. We've got a pretty strong business there. I think we slipped off the rail a little bit for a while. And I'm pleased to see that the top management, which -- some of which is new, has established pretty good direction for each of the major geographies now. And beyond that, it gets to be a lot of little details that you got to execute better. We've seen a lot of channel change. We've seen a huge impact of online or digital marketing, digital shipment, et cetera, as channels. We've seen specialized channels of all baby stores and so forth. We've -- so we've -- I think we were slow to adjust and adapt to that. I think others did it faster than we did, and we got left behind. We now understand what we missed. We understand what we needed to do about it. And we've either done it or we're doing it, and it clearly shows and makes a difference. So I think we had to be pretty honest with ourselves about mistakes we'd made or things we'd missed. And now we're correcting that with a vengeance and running hard here. So I think the execution is a lot better. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets. 
Glenn Novarro: Miles, 2 questions on Libre. First, can you give us a little bit more color on the U.S. rollout and where you are with commercial coverage? And are you still comfortable with your Libre guidance for the year, which, in the U.S., I think is $90 million to $100 million? And then I had a follow-up. 
Miles White: Yes. A real quick answer to that, yes, we're absolutely comfortable with the guidance for the year. I'd -- we're on track, Glenn. It's -- yes, I'd like to go even faster. As I've said before, we're even investing heavily in capacity expansion and so forth to anticipate even greater growth in the future. And I -- it's -- there's really nothing to compare it to. There's -- I think the whole space is getting increasing attention. And we have, as you know, carved out a very economic position that's extremely profitable for us, but we're in a very, let's call it, economically accessible price point, which has made the uptake and the reception by the patient or the consumer or even reimbursing bodies pretty attractive. And I think we found a real value proposition point here with the product. Our manufacturing is extremely automated. It gives us a big advantage in terms of cost. And everything is kind of working well here. I'm pretty excited about this product. This -- it's got so much potential because I think a lot of times, whether it's a pharmaceutical or medical device, et cetera, they can be expensive in the health care system for recovery of cost and so forth because the numbers of patients may not be that great. And yet, there's a lot of diabetics in the world, including me. And there's millions that are insulin-dependent and millions that don't want to be insulin-dependent, et cetera. This product hits the sweet spot. And to be a mass-market product, it's got to be accessible. It's got to be affordable. And it's got to be affordable in a way that it's not hard for people to commit to it, use it and find out what it can do for them and so forth. So I'd say that's all going super. We like the split we're seeing of type 1s versus type 2s. We're probably globally about 2/3 type 1s and 1/3 type 2s. I think that's a pretty good mix, and it speaks to the clinical efficacy and the benefits of the products and the 2 different types of users that benefit from it. So at this point, it's all about how fast can we run. And I think the uptake by consumers, the retention, the repeat, all that, all of our data says this is going well. And as I indicated to you, we'll go out at the end of the year with more than 1 million patients worldwide, a significant number in the U.S. I think we'll probably be -- well, we are so far and away the global leader in this space now. It's almost -- there's no way to kind of look at share. We've looked at, what you call, sensor days. How many -- if you take the sensors, numbers of patients, whatever, and how many days of testing you get out of that, we're already well above 90% globally. And it's -- there's nothing to compare to. It's -- and it's a huge market. So I think that just the opportunity here -- we're comparing to us and how fast we can run. And that's really an exciting product, I'll say. It's nice to see a product that has that kind of impact, and this one is just fun. It's just fun. 
Glenn Novarro: And then let me just one quick follow-up. Can you discuss what's next in terms of features for Libre and timing? 
Miles White: I could, but I'm probably going to -- I'm probably not going to set any expectations around that because I don't want to create trigger points or talking points or whatever -- catalyst. I don't know all the terms you guys like to use. There are a number of things that we have planned in place, done the work, et cetera, for enhancements to the product, obvious ones, some of which are already available overseas. It's a little different challenge working through the FDA here in this country. And so I don't want to get into the space, but -- or the discussion. But yes, we got plenty of enhancements and thoughts here for advancing the product still further, Glenn. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Rick Wise from Stifel. 
Frederick Wise: Maybe starting off with a big picture question. You, in some of your earlier comments, sort of lightly touched on this. But when we think about your priorities right now, should we imagine that you're focused, now that everything is coming along, should we expect you to be largely focused just on continued execution with the portfolio you have? Or do you think the portfolio is in good shape as it exists? Or are you thinking about not just M&A? And of course, I'm always interested in hearing about your interest in opportunistically adding technology or inorganic growth. But with your existing portfolio, are you more -- now more aggressively looking at the pieces you have and thinking you might be more actively thinking about trading out, the net benefit of which would be to enhance growth and/or margin? Both ways, in and out. 
Miles White: I get this question in one form or another on every call and every visit to investors and so forth, and it's always a fun, speculative question. But the honest answer is, look, I think we did some very deliberate shaping of the company, let's say, since the AbbVie split over the last 6 years. And that's not been accidental or reactive or opportunistic. It's been with intent and a plan and so forth. At this point, I also think companies can get a little too transactionally oriented. Everything is a transaction as opposed to you got to run it and run it well. So philosophically, here's how we operate. Our first baseline is we've got to operate and execute well organically as a company. I know it's a word we've used a lot today, but I want to make a distinction between what we do as part of the ongoing operating of the company versus transactions one way or the other. And our whole goal has been to establish the company with its own internal growth drivers, productive R&D, productive innovation, productive positioning in the right markets, the right segments, the right growth things because our investors expect us to make them money and do well with their investment and grow the company. So we position ourselves pretty deliberately and intentionally in those kinds of spaces across the board. I don't know that you're ever done and I don't know that you ever feel totally comfortable. You shouldn't, but I think we're in a pretty good place that way. We've got a lot of what I would say was our intentional repositioning done. That means for us that we got to integrate it all. We've pretty much done that. I mean, the integrations of St. Jude and Alere, pretty well done. I mean, it's finished. There's not -- other than capturing synergies as we go and establishing R&D pipelines where they may not have existed and so forth, speaking primarily of Alere, they are not St. Jude because St. Jude has got a robust pipeline. Those kinds of things, it's all about the ongoing delivery of new technologies, new products, new innovations, improvements in the ones you have and so on. So over these last 6 to 8 years, those R&D pipelines and everything have been well established, not just within Abbott but within St. Jude, too. So we like the hand we're holding. And that means you got to make sure that, as a baseline, you can deliver your company's strategic goals. And in our case, it does. So that means any transaction for us becomes opportunistic. And does that opportunity fit us strategically? Is it something we're prepared to react or respond to? We'd like to be in a position where it's a choice, not a necessity per se. And I think that's where we are. And right now, we've said, for this period of time, because we took on a lot of debt to conclude the St. Jude and Alere acquisitions, we wanted to pay down that debt. Well, we're way ahead of schedule paying down our debt, as you know. And shortly here, we'll -- we wanted to pay back $8 billion this year. We're just about there. And we'll be there well before year-end in terms of debt paydown because we've had really good cash management, really good cash flow, et cetera. We've been able to pay a dividend. We'll raise our dividend at some point. We'll have a steady march with our dividend, like we always do. We've been able to fund the capital expenditures internally that drive our growth in our business. We've got some heavy capital investment right now in both Libre and Alinity, and I anticipate that will continue to be the case. But it's not an affordability issue for us. So I think our priorities in terms of cash use and investment internally, we're easily making. We're easily making those goals. So we can afford to be opportunistic if something attractive comes along, but I would tell you that I haven't seen anything that compels me or is sitting on the edge of our radar screen at this point. The single biggest opportunities we've got are all in our own pipelines and in our businesses now and in the markets we're in. The biggest opportunities we've got are right in front of you. The question is, how big and how fast and those trends -- what we think we see going forward looks awfully attractive. And if at some point, well, how far would you take debt down? How far would you pay down debt? What are you going to do when you hit the point where you think that, that's enough? And I think there's a couple of answers to that. A lot of people seem to get comfortable somewhere between $15 billion and $20 billion. I remember with $15 billion of debt, still a hell of a lot of debt. And so I think -- and I also observe, as many of us have, I think you analysts as well, share buybacks right now aren't particularly economic. And they're not paying off all that well in the market. So you try to make your moves at prudent times. I think right now, prudence for us, we've got -- we always have our periscope up looking at what's on the reader screen out there. I think there's places in Medical Devices and other things where we might opportunistically think there's something that would be a nice addition to our portfolio. But I don't think anybody should be holding their breath waiting for a great big move here. I like the portfolio we've got. I'm always questioned about the portfolio because everybody wants to help me tweak it, but it's a pretty strong portfolio because all the businesses are operating well. And for the most part, they're at the early stages of growth cycles driven by new product innovations and technology innovations and so forth that are pretty healthy. Because we've got a higher index in emerging markets than a lot of companies, we're going to endure that bumpy road, but the underlying development of those economies in health care systems has been a big plus for us, both for pharma and nutrition. And honestly, it is in devices and diagnostics, too. There are some of those markets that don't economically work in those businesses, but some do. So I think our platter right now says we can afford to just be opportunistic. I don't have big M&A on the radar screen or big transactions on the radar screen. I'd say from a capital or cash allocation standpoint, I'm going to keep paying down debt because I think that's a prudent path for now. I always like having maximum strategic flexibility for the company. I think our path here is clear. We've been prudent about when it's good to buy back shares and when it isn't. I think our capital allocation has been pretty good. And the good news is we got plenty of cash and capital to have choice, and we can afford to be that discretionary about it. There's a constant stream of friendly investment bankers in and out always telling us what's coming on the radar screen, so I don't think we're missing anything. And right now, I like our portfolio a lot better than I like somebody else's. 
Frederick Wise: Yes. Appreciate that comprehensive answer. Just last for me. You had a couple of notable... 
Miles White: That means I talk too much, right, Rick? 
Frederick Wise: I would never say that, Miles. No, really, it was very helpful. You had a couple of notable new product approvals this quarter, the next-gen MitraClip and XIENCE Sierra. XIENCE Sierra is coming in the context to a vascular business that did slightly worse this quarter than the first quarter. Structural Heart, obviously, incredibly strong, accelerated. Just -- so maybe a little color on what we should think for MitraClip. Does the bigger reach open up more procedures? Does it accelerate growth? Does XIENCE Sierra get you back on track in Vascular? I'll stop there. 
Miles White: Okay. Sure, thanks for the question, Rick. Yes, I think MitraClip definitely opens up to more patients just because of the size changes and so forth that we've got more flexibility with that product. And any time you can do incremental improvements of products and enhance them further, you're extending their reach, extending their life, their -- the competitiveness, et cetera. So I think all that's good for our Structural Heart business, and then we got more things in our pipeline coming. The XIENCE Sierra, okay, early returns in Europe. Excellent and performance excellence. I think same with Japan. We've just launched in the United States, so all I've got is anecdotal feedback. The U.S. and Japan and Europe, they're not the same, but they're close. So I expect Sierra to do well in the United States. When you say, "Will it get you back on the track?" I think the track in the stent business is the low single digits at best. I don't think -- there's always a lot of competition in this business. We've talked about that. There's 3 or 4 pretty strong competitors here. I think the market has kind of said, look, the multitude -- the magnitude or the base magnitude of innovation has been had. There's incremental improvements we can all make, but it's a very competitive space. So I think being on track here is low single digit. And that's at least right now what I'd kind of expect out of this. And I expect XIENCE Sierra to claim its share of the market, do well, be more than competitive, and we'll see that. We're seeing it in Europe. We're seeing it in Japan. So I expect to see it in the U.S., too. But I don't think this is a space where there's gigantic quantum leaps in offerings. But it's one of those very strong, very profitable important legacy cornerstones of the device business that's important for us to maintain our leadership in and our competitive position in. And I think XIENCE Sierra definitely kind of puts us back on that track. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets. 
Joanne Wuensch: Can we spend a moment or 2 looking at the Diagnostic business? Alinity has been launched in Europe for over a year. It's rolling out in the United States now. How should we think about that contributing and also the whole business holistically now that Alere is part of it? 
Miles White: Well, Joanne, Alere is part of the Diagnostics business, but it's not integrated in the core lab business. What we got here is kind of a collection of businesses by major segments. So I think -- and let me just take that last part first. I think the space that Alere expands us in, point of care and your patient testing, distributed testing, et cetera, which is also kind of a collection of spaces, I think we're in a very strong position. One of the things we'd like to do, obviously, is renew or update or enhance a number of products and so forth, and others put a lot more in innovation and R&D there. But we've got, I think, a very, very strong portfolio. Right now, I'd call it a stable portfolio that's at a low growth point, but that's not where we ultimately expect it to be. And since the time we acquired Alere, we've said for a while here, that's not going to be a high grower, but we expect it to be, and we do. And I'd tell you that so far, everything that you'd have to do to integrate a business, make it part of the company, put management in place that hasn't been there before, and so that's all gone exceptionally well, way faster than we might have thought. So we're really pleased with that business. We're really pleased with it in the portfolio. We're super pleased with how the management team there is doing. All good. All good all day, and we look forward to its contribution to our growth and innovation over the future here because I think that's exactly what it's going to do. Back to Alinity, there's a couple of things to kind of understand about this space or spaces. We don't always determine when the customer wants to buy or when the customer has to make a decision. So first of all, because these are big mainframe systems, core laboratories, blood screening, enterprises and so forth, they tend to be contracted or tenders that are 5, 7 or even 10 years. They're usually longer-term contracts. They're big installations. The change from one competitor to another, old systems, new systems, so forth, it's not quick. It'll take a couple of months and so forth. So these are big mainframe sorts of enterprise decisions, and we're kind of on their schedule. So we can do a lot to enhance that or even speed it up, which we're doing. The receptiveness to something new, if you're replacing old systems, depends on the completeness of your menu so that you can do a full swap-out and not have to run 2 different systems at the same time, et cetera, even though a lot of labs do. So those are just dynamics we deal with in the market every day. I'd say our menu in Europe is full and robust. It's a big menu in the U.S. and other countries. Not as big as Europe, but coming fast. And we're talking anywhere from 150 to 200 different tests here that have to be on that box, each of which have to be individually approved and licensed, et cetera. So that's -- we're in a really strong position that way in Europe. That menu ramp-up obviously takes a little bit of time. It takes a little bit of time in the U.S. and everywhere. So we're getting through that or past that now. The -- we're tracking, like you would in any capital business, prospects, which I think has more than, gosh, quintupled in the last several quarters here. And we're tracking close rates. If we're in a competitive situation where we are already in there, I think our win rate is about 97%. I mean, we're keeping everything that we've already got and then expanding beyond that. In places where we're trying to replace competitive systems, our win rate is well above 50%, and that's really good. From the standpoint of -- those accounts have to make a decision that they're actually going to swap out everything that they've had for a number of years. And to have that kind of initial win rate here is pretty strong. And so we like the win rates we're seeing both in retention and new instruments and new placements and expansions and so forth. And a lot of times, you'll get the first installation, then it expands from there. So I would say, all the metrics that we would track, including how fast it is to get up and running, test the record and so forth, they're all tracking exceptionally well. We're expanding our sales and service organizations in Europe as we speak. That hiring is going very well and very fast. It's a lot better than we did in neuromod, I can tell you that. We'll take a lesson there. And so the ramp-up is moving faster and faster now. We've got a very specifically detailed plan about how many, how fast, on what pace, et cetera, gosh, for years ahead here. And we've pretty well got every country mapped, every account mapped, et cetera. So now it's just a question of execution and how fast we can execute, and all that's doing really well. So I'm pretty excited about the path ahead here in the Diagnostics business on all fronts. 
Joanne Wuensch: And my follow-up question is on your MitraClip franchise. We have the next generation product, which was just FDA-approved, and the COAPT trial reading out in September. Can you just give us an update on where that business is? 
Miles White: Yes. I'm going to ask Scott to help me with that, Joanne. 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. With respect to MitraClip, you can see the performance in the numbers there, and Structural Heart is doing quite well. We will get a read-out rate out on the U.S. COAPT trial data later this year, very likely at the TCT Conference in September. So that will be a big event for us. We're also doing quite a bit with respect to geographic expansion as well. We received national reimbursement in Japan here in the second quarter. That's a nice opportunity for us, too. That market is quite sizable. So MitraClip is hitting on all cylinders with a lot of growth in front of it. 
Miles White: So Joanne, I'd wrap up. I like the way Scott wrapped that up. It's hitting on all cylinders. Obviously, in a company our size and diversity, everything doesn't hit on all cylinders all the time. But I'd say right now, I think for the markets we have and let's call it, the exchange and the currency volatility we've all got out there and so on, I think the company is performing exceptionally well and feel pretty good about all the underlying performance and the strength going forward here. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. 
Christopher Pasquale: Miles, just a couple quick ones here for me. One on the EPD business and the situation in Russia, I think you had previously said you still expected that to be a headwind in 2Q. Did that come back earlier than expected? And then just quickly on Diagnostics, the legacy Abbott Point of Care business has slowed a little bit over the last few quarters. Is that a function of the integration work being done there? Or is there something else happening? 
Miles White: Well, let me take the Point of Care first. Yes, there's a couple things going on there, and I'd say a little bit of it in integration. We had a number of management changes because we were populating the new Rapid Diagnostics business. So we had a lot of new over new over new there, and we may have lost touch with ourselves a little bit in the transition. And yes, there's a couple customer dynamics, big accounts and so forth, where we had some challenges that have since been addressed. So I expect that to improve. I don't think that's a long-term condition. But yes, we've had a couple of, let's just call it, slip-ups here that slowed our growth rate. And I think we'll be seeing that come back to much healthier growth rate. With regard to Russia and EPD, I'm going to get a little bit of help here from Scott and Brian. But generally, I'd say, look, yes, it's as predicted. I think it's -- we're seeing the cycle pass through here in the second quarter, but I don't know that it's completely done. But everything we kind of thought would play out is or has. And so we're seeing that come back to, let's call it, a better position. You guys can add anything. 
Brian Yoor: Yes. I would just add, our end customer demand remains in line with our expectations. We're tracking that. And I'd say, this quarter, we actually returned to growth in Russia, which is a good sign based on the stabilization we're seeing and how the destocking has progressed as we had planned thus far. 
Miles White: I'm actually kind of surprised we got it that close. Usually, you try to break these things and you're never right. And it's actually turned out to be more right than we thought. 
Scott Leinenweber: Well, thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of the call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-17 23:15:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission.
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning and thank you for joining us. 
 With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Brian and I will take your questions. 
 Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2018. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, through our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Please note that first quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. 
 On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com.
 Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to organic sales growth, which adjusts the 2017 basis of comparison to exclude the impact of exchange and historical results for Abbott's Medical Optics and St. Jude's vascular closure businesses, which were divested during the first quarter of 2017, as well as the current and prior years sales for Alere, which was acquired on October 3, 2017. 
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles. 
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, Scott, and good morning. 
 Today, we reported the results of a very strong quarter. Ongoing earnings per share were $0.59 at the high end of our guidance range and reflecting 23% growth. Sales increased 7% on an organic basis in the quarter, led by continued strong growth in Medical Devices and improving performance in our Nutrition business. Our full year 2018 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $2.80 to $2.90 remains unchanged and reflects mid-teens growth at the midpoint. Back in January, I commented that we were entering the year with strong momentum, which has continued as we forecasted. Strong growth we're achieving is a direct result of the steps we've taken to position the company in the most attractive areas of health care as well as the outstanding productivity of our new product pipeline. 
 I'll now summarize our first quarter results before turning the call over to Brian, and I'll start with diagnostics where we achieved sales growth of 5.5% in the quarter. We remain focused on accelerating the launch of our new Alinity systems in Europe where we've made good progress on test menu expansion and where we're seeing increasing competitive win rates. Diagnostics has been our most consistent growth business over the past several years, and Alinity is a highly differentiated platform which will build upon that strong track record for years to come. 
 In Rapid Diagnostics, which we created in the fourth quarter of last year with the acquisition of Alere, we achieved sales of nearly $560 million, somewhat ahead of our expectations and partially due to the strong flu season in the United States. This is a very attractive area of diagnostics testing and our integration of this business into Abbott continues to go well as we put in place the building blocks to drive sustainable growth and margin expansion. 
 In Nutrition, sales increased more than 4.5% in the quarter, marking the fifth consecutive quarter of improving performance. Sales growth this quarter was balanced across our Pediatric and Adult Nutrition businesses. In Pediatric Nutrition, above-market growth in the U.S. was led by Similac, our leading infant formula brand. Internationally, performance improved across several countries and we continued to see stable market conditions in China following the implementation of a new food safety -- of new food safety regulations in that country at the beginning of this year. In Adult Nutrition, sales growth was led by our market-leading Ensure and Glucerna brands in both the U.S. and internationally. 
 In Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, sales growth of 7% was led by double-digit growth in India, China and Brazil. Our unique branded generics model was built to focus specifically on key emerging countries with socioeconomic and competitive conditions that provide a favorable environment for long-term growth. We serve each of these markets with a broad product offering tailored to address local needs. This unique and successful approach positions EPD to continue delivering superior performance in the fastest-growing pharmaceutical markets in the world. 
 And lastly, I'll cover Medical Devices where sales grew nearly 10%, led by strong growth in Electrophysiology, Structural Heart, Neuromodulation and Diabetes Care. In Electrophysiology, growth of 19% was led by market uptake of several recently launched products, including our EnSite Precision cardiac mapping system and Confirm, the world's first and only smartphone compatible insertable cardiac monitor which helps physicians remotely identify cardiac arrhythmias. 
 The first quarter
 [Audio Gap] 
 by our market-leading portfolio, which includes several recently launched products that offer improved relief for patients suffering from chronic pain and movement disorders. 
 I'll wrap up with Diabetes Care where sales grew over 30% in the quarter, driven by FreeStyle Libre, our highly differentiated sensor-based glucose monitoring system. Libre now has over 650,000 users across the globe which represents an unprecedented level of patient adoption in the industry. As we've discussed previously, we're investing significant capital to expand manufacturing capacity which will allow us to meet anticipated demand over the coming years. Libre offers a true mass-market opportunity with its unique combination of affordability, accessibility and ease-of-use, and we're positioning ourselves to maximize its impact. 
 So in summary, as expected, the momentum we carried into the year has continued as reflected by our strong first quarter results. We continue to see significant growth contributions from a number of recently launched products across our portfolio and we're well positioned to achieve our financial objectives for the year, including top-tier sales growth and mid-teens EPS growth, as we continue to make investments to sustain our growth momentum into the future. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our results and outlook for the year in more detail. Brian? 
Brian Yoor: Okay. Thanks, Miles. 
 And as Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis, which is consistent with the guidance we provided back in January. 
 Turning to our results. Sales for the first quarter increased 6.9% on an organic basis and exchange had a positive impact of 4.2% on sales. The favorable impact of exchange rates on sales this quarter was driven primarily by strengthening of the euro and other developed market currencies which considering our cost base and hedging program, has minimal fall-through and impact on our earnings. 
 Regarding other aspects of the P&L. The adjusted gross margin ratio was 59.3% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 7.4% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 33.2% of sales, all in line with our previous guidance. 
 Turning to our outlook. For the full year 2018, we continue to forecast organic sales growth of 6% to 7%. And based on current rates, we expect exchange to have a favorable impact of a little more than 2% on full year reported sales with more than half of this impact driven by strengthening of the euro. In addition, we continue to expect Rapid Diagnostics to contribute sales of a little more than $2 billion. We continue to forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of somewhat above 59% of sales, reflecting underlying gross margin improvement across our businesses. Adjusted R&D investment of around 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of somewhat above 30.5% of sales. 
 Turning to our outlook for the second quarter of 2018. We forecast an adjusted EPS of $0.70 to $0.72. We forecast organic sales growth of 6% to 7% and at current rates, would expect exchange to have a positive impact of a little below 3% on reported sales. In addition, we expect Rapid Diagnostics to contribute sales of approximately $500 million in the second quarter. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 59% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of around 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of somewhat above 30.5% of sales. 
 Before we open the call for questions, I'll now provide an overview of our second quarter organic sales growth outlook by business. For Established Pharmaceuticals, we forecast double-digit sales growth. In Nutrition, we forecast low to mid-single-digit sales growth. In Diagnostics, we forecast a modest sequential improvement in sales growth of around 6%. And in Medical Devices, we forecast sales to increase mid to upper single digits, which reflects continued double-digit growth in several areas of the business. 
 With that, we will now open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. 
Michael Weinstein: Let me start, if I can, on a couple of product launches. I was hoping you could provide some additional color on how the U.S. launches are going for both Libre and Confirm. And then second, the EPD business had a slightly weaker quarter this quarter than was expected. Brian commented in the second quarter guidance that he expects the business to rebound to double digits in the second quarter. So if you can just call out if there -- anything in particular that might have impacted the first quarter that you would view as one-time in nature. 
Miles White: Okay. Thanks for the question, Mike. And before I go into those answers, I'd like to take a minute and just acknowledge you as an analyst in our space for just the terrific job you've done over the years and acknowledge your change of career. We won't have you on these calls anymore, but you've always had great questions and you always hit the right points. And good luck to you in whatever you're going to do and we'll miss you here. 
Michael Weinstein: Thank you, Miles. 
Miles White: Let's start with Libre. The Libre launch, I'd say, has gone exceptionally well at the -- and is going exceptionally well. We obviously expected to keep going exceptionally well worldwide. As I mentioned, we're up to over 650,000 patients at this point. We're adding over 50,000 patients a month. We added about 150,000 just over that this last quarter. So if I look at the acquisition rate of patients, we expect to obviously be over 1 million patients at year-end and trending in a pretty healthy fashion. And then, I'm pretty gratified by that growth. It's true globally and I'd say in terms of color, the mix of patients is very strong. Our reimbursement is -- I think we're reimbursed at about 2/3 of all sales now internationally. That's strong. We keep getting reimbursement approvals in countries. I think that the value proposition of Libre, the affordability is particularly strong and appealing to patients as well as the performance, ease-of-use of the product and so forth. We get a lot of feedback that way. About 2/3 of the patient base are type 1 diabetics and about 1/3 are type 2 patients. So we've got -- we're seeing validation of the appeal and use of the product in both segments. We're investing a significant amount of capital in capacity expansion, anticipating that the growth legs on this product are going to be long because it's got a real mass-market appeal and fit. And there are, as you know, tens of million of diabetics and tens of millions of insulin-using diabetics, the majority of which are actually international. And in our case so far, the vast majority of our patients are international, but we're off to a strong start in the U.S. as well. At this point, we're a little over 50,000 patients in the U.S. and trending strong. And I think as far as starts go and continuations and expansions and so forth, I guess that's all good news. So we're running hard and the reception of patients here and abroad has been exceptional. I think that the opportunity in the category is quite large. And the category gets a lot of attention and for us is a future growth driver. We think it's pretty strong. I'm not sure what other detail to fill in, but nice thing is it's the kind of growth challenge you like to have, we are not having to overinvest in SG&A because the customers are our strongest marketers. And given social media and so forth, that's been a huge plus. So everything about it is doing really well. And I think we'll see this be a major growth driver for the company for quite a long time. With regard to Confirm, also off to a strong start. The -- we're capturing share, physician feedback has been very positive. It's a simple procedure. And I think one of the appeals, it is the only device that is smartphone compatible. It's a nice market opportunity and it's been a nice bump up in the growth rate. I know there's competition out there, there's competition in every category we're in and competition always makes you pay attention to innovation and next steps and next improvements and so forth. And I suspect we'll see response to the success of this product but in the meantime, doing quite well. And then finally, EPD. You know it falls into the category for me of it's always something. And given the focus on -- whether it's emerging or high-growth markets, we seem to have a given market that affects our EPD or even our Nutrition business from time to time somewhere. And in this particular case, it's Russia. And in the case of Russia, the market has been -- the market growth rate has been slowing. We still see that in our IMS data and so forth. As you know, we have 2 businesses in EPD there, the EPD brand and the Veropharm brand. The Veropharm brand has withstood that slowing market growth rate far better than the EPD brand because a lot of it is hospital-based whereas the EPD brand is more pharmacy-based. There's been a lot of expansion on pharmacies, but that doesn't mean that there's expansion of prescriptions. And so the overall market, I think, is one of temporary distribution channel dynamics as those pharmacies expanded. And that has now ceased to -- at that rate. And the market, I think, will stabilize in terms of distribution channels, outlets and so forth. But that's created a little disruption in that market temporarily. And that's all this is -- is that in Russia. And without Russia, we'd be in the 8.5% to 9% range as a business, and this would look healthier. So I'd say, you got that and then maybe a small dynamic in Mexico where we've seen a couple of distributors consolidate. And when distributors consolidate, there's a little more negotiating power and so forth. So we've seen a little bit of disruption in Mexico. But to be honest, that one hardly makes the radar screen of impacting the overall global growth of EPD. The biggest issue was this quarter Russia. I think we'll still see Russia impacting the numbers next quarter. So I'd say, we're probably going to look at the same kind of a number, particularly given the Russia impact next quarter, and then I think we'll start to see it turn. 
Michael Weinstein: That's good color. Miles, let me just ask one follow-up. So you grew 6.9% organic this quarter. Your guidance for the year is 6% to 7%. If there's probably a bigger-picture question people will have, it's on sustainability. So would you mind just spending a minute? It's obviously only April of 2018, but just -- could you just give us your thoughts on your ability to sustain this type of revenue growth. 
Miles White: Yes. I think, overall, I'd say this range of revenue growth we're going to sustain. I know that I indicated on the last call, I expect to be at the higher end of this. And each day that goes by, whether you have a Russia or a tweet or something that affects the expectations in the market, it adjusts. I'm less concerned about a couple of tenths of a point of growth and I'm less concerned about the details of each quarter. I mean, I pay attention to that because obviously it matters to investors. I'm much more concerned about the long-term sustainability of the overall growth trajectory of the company. And that, I'm pretty confident in. I'm not sure I can predict every quarter to the 10th. And -- but I would tell you that the overall sustainable growth of the company, I feel pretty confident about and particularly in this range for now for this year and beyond because there is so much new product launch and so much sustainable launch. I mean, just between the series of Alinity analyzers and Libre and the new products launched by our Medical Device groups, there's an awful lot of new product tracking here. And so -- and that's not just a temporal thing that goes a couple of months or a couple of quarters. Our objective was to make sure that we had really healthy, robust R&D pipelines and a good cadence of new product launches so we could sustain growth organically. And then, whether we ever do anything else opportunistically in M&A and so forth becomes purely that: opportunistic and very strategic. So I think with the underlying baseline, I'm pretty confident of the current sales trajectory of the company. And I think we've got some pretty solid validation points here with the performance of the new products that have launched that are quite visible, quite trackable, quite predictable to validate the growth prospects going forward. So whether it's 6.5%, 6.7%, 6.9% might vary quarter-to-quarter because lots of things happen quarter-to-quarter. But overall, I think that growth range is pretty doable. 
Operator: And our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
Scott Leinenweber: [indiscernible] David's having some technical [indiscernible]
 [Technical Difficulty] 
Operator: Our next question will come from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: I wanted to start with Nutrition and then ask a couple of follow-up questions on Libre. Obviously, the bright spot here in the quarter was the acceleration in Nutrition. So Miles, can you talk about the sustainability of that? The International Pediatric Nutrition improved and also the Adult Nutrition business in the U.S. also improved. Those are areas that saw some challenges last year. And I was just curious as to why you're guiding to low to mid-single digits for Q2. And then I had a follow-up on Libre. 
Miles White: Okay. Let me deal with Nutrition first. I think for the long term, I'd be cautious about setting expectations much higher than low to mid-single digits in this business because markets around the world have slowed to a degree. They're not growing at as high a growth rate as they have historically. There are still healthy markets and I think particularly some international, call it, emerging markets and so forth still have some hefty growth opportunity. The -- but I think overall, when you put it altogether, it's probably a low to mid-single-digit business from a growth standpoint. It is profitable. It does generate a lot of cash and it is a fundamentally very strong and valuable business. So I'm happy about that. I would say that we've seen some sequential improvement because we've been attending to what I think have been adjustments to how we market, how we sell, adjusting to digital, digital channels or online channels and so forth in some markets where there's been a tremendous amount of distribution channel shift and change. China sticks out. But it's been true in a lot of places. So I think that it's a highly competitive business in a branded space. We've reacted to that pretty well. I give our U.S. team a lot of credit for how well they've done in the pediatric and adult space. It's extremely competitive and it's competitive in both pediatric and adults, not just pediatric in the U.S. And we will see from time to time a competitor try to pulse advertising or other things to take momentary share. But I think overall, we've not only sustained our position, but steadily grown it from a share standpoint. We certainly see that in the U.S. So I'm feeling pretty good about how the U.S. is doing overall. And in some markets where we've had some either competitive issues or just disruption like the disruption in China for the last 2 years over this change in food safety and so forth, the law, I think we've responded to that pretty well. And I think we're seeing that stabilize. As I said, we're making adjustments in how we market, what channels we go to, where the emphasis is. I think we've got some stability in China. But I would tell you, we also have a lot of ambition to do better competitively in China which we're getting our hands around. So right now, I think if we're able to see steady, stable growth in this business at the rate we're at or even sequential improvement going forward, that'd be pretty good. I wouldn't want to get out over the tips of my skis on that and predict a whole lot faster or higher. Right now, I'm happy that it's stable and headed north. 
Larry Biegelsen: That's very helpful. And then on Libre, clearly, the launch is off to a good start in the U.S. and the international numbers have been spectacular. But I think investors want to get some confidence about the sustainability of that. So I guess my question is, first, earlier in the year, you seemed comfortable with $50 million to $100 million for the U.S. in 2018. Is that still the case? And second, what can you say on the pipeline? I know you don't want to disclose much, but investors obviously want some visibility beyond 2018. Is there anything you can tell us to give investors confidence that there's more to come here? 
Miles White: More to come on Libre? 
Larry Biegelsen: On the pipeline. I mean, you have collaboration with Bigfoot, you're expected to deliver next-generation device to them with alarm, that kind of thing. So the pipeline and the sustainability. 
Miles White: Got it. Got it. Yes. Okay. So let me go back to your first question about the -- we previously said $50 million to $100 million of sales in year 1 seemed reasonable and so forth. Absolutely. And we'll be at the higher end of that range and we're tracking that way now. And it's very early in the year as you know, so yes, I have no concern about that at all. And let's just say, we're ahead of our expectations here. And you can see that in the growth rates and the numbers and the patient acquisition rates and so forth. I think we'll go out at the end of this year, $1 billion or more on run rate and 1 million patients or more. In fact, I think we're going to have well over 1 million patients at that point because our patient acquisition rate right now is pretty steady and rising. So yes, I think all of that is pretty reasonable. I'd validate that for you. And then with regard to pipeline, the product improvements and so forth, yes. I mean, as you know, we've got a pediatric claim in Europe. We'll have that in the U.S., that'll file this year. There's improvements, alarms and so forth that will be -- that's coming. I'm trying to think of all the things coming. But I would just say, yes, there's plenty coming and other dimensions of it in -- coming out of R&D that we'll have announcements for this year and next year. So there's a steady cadence of improvements, variations, claims, et cetera, in the product going forward that I think keep this going for a long time. 
Operator: And our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
David Lewis: Okay. Can you hear me? 
Miles White: We can now. 
David Lewis: Perfect. Glad we got that fixed. So Miles, wanted to start with Diagnostics. Two things to focus on there and maybe a follow-up on the balance sheet. Two things, Alere to our model kind of recovered faster than, I guess, we expected. So can you talk about Alere recovery and how the integration is going? And then secondarily, Alinity and how you see the pipeline building there, U.S., ex U.S. throughout the balance of the year? 
Miles White: Yes. I'm just the making notes so I can remember all that okay. All right. I'll start with Alere. Yes. I'll tell you what, I'm really pleased with our management team. We've -- I'd say the integration, the bulk of hard work of the integration of that and St. Jude is pretty well complete. I mean, there's a lot of things we'll keep improving in both businesses over time, investments we want to make and so forth, but I think the notion of making it part of the company, getting everything under control, getting a management team established, getting strategies and directions established and so forth, that's all gone exceptionally well. We're on track with all our synergies. I think we've benefited. We've -- it's been a blessing there's been a particularly strong flu season. And a big chunk of Alere's business, probably 15% or so, Alere sales is seasonal and somewhat dependent on things like the flu season, it's not the flu season in particular. So we saw an obvious upshoot in our flu-related and strep-related testing and so forth from late fall into the winter, and that's clearly reflected in the numbers. That will vary from year-to-year depending on morbidity and the flu season and so forth. But some years it will probably be lighter. But this year it was particularly strong and that was a big plus. Now underlying that interestingly enough, as we've told you, and we think they have a lot of good product lines that were undermarketed. We've had increasing success with a number of those product lines and strategies. One of the things that's on our radar screen that we're working at and we want to put a lot more money into R&D, product refreshments, product improvements, that sort of stuff. That's a multiyear thing. That's not going to be next quarter kind of evidence. But I think we've got our hands around the commercial opportunities, there's places where we see room for correction, improvement, et cetera. But I think we've got the management team stabilized. I think it's financially stabilized. I think the uptick in sales, while largely driven in this particular period by the flu season, there's also underlying improvements in key product lines and key sales that I think are going really well that we're pretty, pretty happy about. Then Alinity... 
David Lewis: Okay. It is... 
Miles White: Yes. Go ahead. 
David Lewis: No, sorry. Just Alinity, yes. 
Miles White: Alinity. We've taken some pretty deliberate steps to dramatically tip up our launch activity. The -- with these large systems and their multitest menus, it's really important to have full or nearly full menus at launch because customers when they switch over a lab or switch over given instruments and so forth, want to be able to switch all the tests on that product and not to have to run 2 different systems and so forth. And we're sort of hitting stride now on the completion or breadth of the menu offerings, particularly Europe, U.S. is coming along, et cetera. Our blood screening system, Alinity s, has a full menu, that's up. So we've got some pretty ambitious plans about not only conversion of the existing install base, but share capture and account capture. I would say about 15% of accounts come up for renewal or contracting each year. So this will be a fairly steady multiyear rollout and trend. But if I -- I track things like our prospect list or prospect bank, how many prospects, how many actively in the sales process, what's our win rate with existing accounts, what's our win rate with new accounts and I'd say, the magnitude of the prospect banks and accounts that we're in has increased about sixfold. And our win rate in our existing accounts is extremely high, up in the -- well over 90% category, which you'd expect because we've got happy customers and they're always easier to sell to than new ones. But our win rate in new accounts is quite high also. And so that's been pretty gratifying. And that's -- so far, Europe [ end ] is evidence. And so we're investing in expansion of sales force and expansion of installation, service teams, expansion of support. It's well underway and it's going well. So we're pleased. 
David Lewis: Okay. Miles, very clear. And then just a quick one from me. I think a lot of commentary this morning on growth drivers, but one of the big successes for us this year is debt pay down. It looks like you could be at 1.5, 2 turns net debt to EBITDA by the end of the year. I just wonder how capital priorities could change towards the end of the year. And do you have capacity for sort of growth-oriented M&A towards the back half of the year? 
Miles White: Yes. In terms of debt, we paid down $6 billion already this year, it's April. And we -- I'd say we expect to pay down another $2 billion before year-end. And cash flows are strong. We've paid a lot of attention to that because it is our intent to bring our debt down. As you know, when we completed these 2 acquisitions, we had about $28 billion in gross debt, and we're already at $22 billion and we'll be $20 billion or a little lower at year-end. That will put us at about 2x net debt-to-EBITDA ratio, not 1.5, but 2. And I still think that's pretty healthy, and it's a pretty rapid rate of pay down on the debt. So the -- do you start to change your capital priorities at that point? As -- I can tell you right now, we think the dividend is important for a category of our investors, and we like to target our dividend in 40% of EPS to maybe a little more than 40% of EPS range, 40% to 45% of earnings. And we like to maintain that range and we've been steadily raising the dividend. And I think that remains a priority. Obviously, debt pay down remains a priority. But we're in a -- we're getting rapidly to a very healthy range and healthy balance. Would we keep paying down debt? We would. And yet I think to answer your point, will we have capacity if we choose to? We would. But I would tell you right now, that's not my priority. And we're not looking at M&A. We're not looking at anything. It's not in our priority list just now. I do want to keep paying down debt, do want to pay a healthy dividend. And frankly, we've got some organic capital opportunities here internally both between the launch of Alinity and the capacity expansion with Libre that are worthwhile. And I don't see that impinging on us so much that it squeezes us. We have the flexibility you refer to. And of course, as we get into '19, we clearly have flexibility. But right now, I don't feel constrained, but I also don't have anything on the radar screen that I'm particularly interested in pursuing because we've got so much organic growth opportunity as it is. And I'm feeling pretty good about the debt balance, feeling pretty good about the ability to fund our internal needs, our dividend, all of those things. We're in a good spot. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Rick Wise from Stifel. 
Frederick Wise: Miles, just a big question to start off with. Maybe you could talk a little bit about your internal investing priorities. It seems SG&A stepped up a little higher than I might have thought. You're clearly investing in R&D, and you've highlighted some topics, Libre, Diagnostics. But maybe where are your priorities more broadly? And do you see that extra investment or that extra opportunity to investment as sustaining or accelerating the kind of 6% to 7% organic growth outlook you're talking about? 
Miles White: Rick, I don't have an investment at Abbott that doesn't think they can use more money or a business at Abbott. It's actually a good problem to have. They all believe with more sales and marketing expense and resources that they can expand faster, run faster, et cetera. And of course, there's always kind of a prudent balance to that. But I'd say we're kind of lucky. We've got a lot of things that are launching, a lot of new product opportunities and we've got some market expansion opportunities in EPD and so forth. So -- and the combination of it is, adding sales reps, adding service and support and increasing our penetration in a number of places. So we're very fortunate I think with Libre in particular that it's not as sales and marketing intensive from an expense standpoint as you might think. We get a lot of benefits. It's extremely, let's say, productive, what I'll call the digital world, social media world, et cetera, the places that I think would benefit from a lot more resource. Obviously, there's various device areas that would, but you also got -- make sure you've got the product ready to go and so forth. So we've got a nice steady pipeline. I'd like to put more money behind it. And Nutrition, it depends. It's dependent on given countries and given channels. It's more selective. Would I put more money behind it? Yes, I think so. I think our spend rate could stand to improve in some areas of Nutrition. I think it could stand to improve in EPD. If I put more behind Libre, I don't know. I mean, the growth rate right now is pretty hefty. So the good news is we're always going to be in this balance between how much we beat earnings by and how much we feedback into the business. And what I've tried to do over the years is find the balance there, a balance for the investor and a balance for the business to keep sustaining it and keep up with it. We watch on a percent of sales basis and where our opportunities are. I think right now, I'm going to put a lot more into Alinity. And because I think that clearly gets a bit of a boost and it's labor intensive. So I know that's a bit of a ramble, but the good news is I don't have a problem figuring out where to put money. It's a bigger challenge at making sure I always keep the balance between what the investor would like to see and what we keep plowing back into the business because I know you guys want to see sustained growth. I'm confident we have sustained growth and then it's just a question on how hard to push on the gas pedal. 
Frederick Wise: Got you. And just last from me, that, on a more focused basis. Maybe you'd reflect a little bit about the current dynamics in cardiac rhythm management, CRM. The business was flat this quarter. We had assumed a low single-digit growth. Your portfolio's filled out. I assume you were -- did well on the de novo side, maybe not so well on the replacement side. But just -- what's the outlook from here? What are you expecting? Is this -- can this business grow? And just how are you thinking about this longer term? 
Miles White: Yes. Thanks for the question. The business can grow. And you're exactly right, that's a tale of 2 different situations, the de novo and the replacement. We're doing very well in de novo, to be honest. And that's pretty gratifying. And it's a little slower in replacement for a reason that some of that got pulled forward when there was a battery issue a couple of years ago. So a lot of that replacement got pulled forward. So it's a little bit out of the sync of the normal rate of sales that come from replacement versus sales that come from de novo. So I do think that's kind of a temporary phenomenon while we move out of that zone. But the de novo side is quite robust, and I'm pretty happy about that. So as we move forward, do I think this business grows more than 1% or 2%? I think it can. So -- and I think we see that evidence and we've given that attention. I also think we've got a lot of opportunity in Electrophysiology. I mean, there's parts of this business that whether it's stents or CRM, they're lower growth rates because they're mature and established markets. And you say to yourself, can you grow these at a little healthier growth rate than 1% or 2%? In both cases, yes. Our Vascular business was slower this quarter. We lost a couple of share points in the United States over the last few quarters. And yet with the approval and launch of XIENCE SIERRA in the United States, I think that changes. So we've got plans. You run your more legacy and mature businesses one way and your new product launches another way, but you can't ignore the large, established positions you've got in CRM and stents and so forth. And we're not, we're not. It does go up and down with different competitive launches or improvements and so forth from time to time. It pulses a little here and there. But we believe we can drive CRM and our vascular stent business at better rates than we see right now. The CRM numbers you see are exactly the anomaly you called out between de novo and replacement. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. 
Christopher Pasquale: One question on Libre and then one on the Neuro business. First, can you give us any color on who's using Libre in the U.S. today? And I'm thinking in particular about how the patients you onboarded so far break down in terms of type 1 versus type 2 and then CGM naive versus competitive wins. 
Miles White: Yes. Okay. I'm going to have Scott take that question for you. Go ahead, Scott. 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. I would say in terms of the mix, it generally as best we can tell, it's a little bit harder with data in the U.S. than some of what we get out of Europe because we sell a lot through our web shop in Europe. But we're getting -- we estimate around 2/3 type 1 and 1/3 type 2 in the U.S. just like we are internationally. We think that would hold. And we're also getting -- we feel a nice balance of competitive wins versus people that are trying CGM for the first time and expanding that overall category. So a nice balance kind of across both dimensions. 
Christopher Pasquale: Okay. And then Neuro continues to be a really strong segment for you. Last year, you actually became the market share leader in the SCS space in the U.S. I'm curious with all the focus on the opioid epidemic in the country right now and pain management in general, do you see an opportunity to move spinal cord stimulation up the treatment continuum to reduce the dependence on drug therapy for those patients? 
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. I would say -- look, that has been a great space for us and we're now the #1 player in chronic pain. So certainly, we have a great portfolio, and that's playing out with physicians and with patients and they're seeing great results and whatnot in the real world. So I do think that, that category continues to expand. I think it will take some market development certainly with respect to reimbursement and guidelines and things of that nature. So it may build itself over time. It's not going to be a spike. But certainly, we feel that's a really nice space longer term. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets. 
Glenn Novarro: Miles, I have two questions on China. The first is relating to all this tariff noise that we're hearing. Abbott has a major presence in China, but I don't believe you manufacture a lot in China and then send manufactured product back to the U.S. So maybe can you discuss the impact of any of these tariff threats between the U.S. and China on your sales and EPS? And then the second question is on China nutritionals which did perform better than our expectations. Is China recovering sooner than you expected and why? 
Miles White: Let me take that one first. No, it's not recovering sooner than I expected. I expected it earlier than this. But I'm glad that it is it stabilized now. I think we expected stability much sooner than this. But we're there now. So I think we've got a reasonably stable predictable market. Are we doing as well as we'd like? Well, we'll see that over time here. We're doing better, but I'd like to do better than better. So there's still room to go to improve performance and improve share gain, improve channel shift and so on. But yes, I wouldn't tell you that this is ahead of my expectations or whatever because mine may have been running a little ahead of where we are. Then with regard to production in China, I hate to disabuse you of this notion, but we do produce in China. And we do bring product to the U.S. from China. And that happened because Alere produced a lot in China or at least a reasonable amount. So what we manufacture in China that is exported from China or imported to the U.S. is almost entirely diagnostic products in the Alere acquisition. And so there could be some impact financially on that if something were to happen from a tariff standpoint. We have done that analysis. And ironically, we've got a lot of business in China. We export a lot to China. We do manufacture infant nutrition in China as it is. So we've got a balance. We've got a balance of things that we manufacture, import, export, et cetera. When we net out the impact of potential tariffs, the tariffs we might experience exporting to China or into China are minimal. The tariffs we would experience coming back to the U.S. from products manufactured in China are where the impact would be. And I would say that based on everything I've seen so far, total magnitude of impact on us if it were to happen at all, about $0.01. And so we think we've got a highly manageable circumstance if what we've seen and estimated and the degree of tariff, tariff rates, products they apply it to and so forth, about $0.01. And so I put that in the category of I'm always solving for $0.01 somewhere. So that's a manageable outcome. 
Scott Leinenweber: Very good. Well, thank you, operator. And thank you for all of your questions. This now concludes Abbott's conference call. A webcast replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Miles White - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer  Brian Yoor - Executive Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer Scott Leinenweber - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Mike Weinstein - JP Morgan Matthew Taylor - Barclays David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Joanne Wuensche - BMO Capital Markets Josh Jennings - Cowen & Co. Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbotts fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer portion of this call. During the question and answer session, you will be able to ask your question by pressing the star, one key on your touchtone phone. Should you become disconnected throughout this conference call, please redial the number provided to you and reference the Abbott earnings call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question and answer session, the entire call, including the question and answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbotts written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you and good morning. Thank you for joining us. Id like to apologize here at the start for the late start - we had a few difficulties with the phone connection. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Brian and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2018. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbotts operations are discussed in Item 1a, Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law.  Please note that fourth quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On todays conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com.  Unless otherwise noted, our 2017 commentary on sales growth refers to comparable operational sales growth, which adjusts the 2016 basis of comparison to include results for St. Jude Medical and to exclude the impact of exchange, the current year and historical results for Abbotts medical optics and St. Judes vascular closure businesses, which were divested during the first quarter of last year, as well as the current year sales for Alere, which was acquired on October 3, 2017. Comparable growth also reflects a reduction to St. Judes historic sales related to administrative fees paid to Group Purchasing Organization in order to conform with Abbotts presentation.  With that, Ill now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Thanks Scott, and good morning. Today Ill discuss our 2017 results as well as our 2018 outlook.  For the full year 2017, we achieved ongoing earnings per share of $2.50, representing 13.5% growth. Strong performance across many of our businesses enabled us to achieve adjusted earnings per share well above the midpoint of the initial guidance range that we shared at the beginning of last year. This past year was a very good and important one for our company. We performed well and our new product pipeline was highly productive, and we took some very important strategic steps forward, as you know. Also, a key element of our long-term success has been our ability to proactively shape our company to ensure were in the right businesses that provide the best opportunities for growth. This past year was important in that regard. It began with the acquisition of St. Jude in January followed by the sale of our medical optics business and in the fall our acquisition of Alere. The additions of St. Jude and Alere will enhance our leadership, scale and presence in attractive areas of healthcare. Weve long been a major global player in diagnostics, and Alere adds rapid diagnostics to our existing leadership position in the $50 billion global diagnostics market. St. Jude, on the other hand, made us a leading player in medical devices, particularly in the very important cardiovascular area, where were previously had leadership in only certain focused areas. Adding St. Jude made us a major player in nearly every area of the $30 billion cardiovascular device market. St. Jude also brought us into a promising new area, neuromodulation to treat chronic pain and movement disorders. While we were adding these pieces, we sold AMO, our medical optics business. Though this business was very successful for us, we didnt see a path that would move us into a broader leadership position across the larger vision care market, so we sold the business to J&J who is already in that position, which allowed us to focus on other priorities and growth opportunities.  As we enter 2018, were more diverse and better balanced than ever before. Weve sharpened our focus and enhanced our leadership positions and opportunities for growth. Importantly, our R&D productivity is at a new high. Over the past several months, weve launched a number of products that will increase our competitiveness, open new markets and contribute to growth in 2018 and beyond. Great products are coming from our pipeline, which Ill highlight as I review each of businesses in just a moment. All of this translates into our expectations for another year of strong financial performance in 2018. As we announced this morning, we forecast adjusted earnings per share of $2.80 to $2.90, which reflects 14% growth at the midpoint.  Ill now provide a brief overview of our 2017 results and 2018 outlook for each business. Ill start with nutrition, where sales grew low single digits in the fourth quarter, reflecting a modest sequential improvement versus the prior quarter. In the U.S., growth this quarter was balanced across our pediatric and adult businesses. In pediatric nutrition, growth was led by Pediasure and Pedialyte, and in adult nutrition growth was driven by our market-leading Ensure and Glucerna brands. Internationally, while much has been discussed regarding market dynamics in China, particularly the evolving regulatory environment and ongoing channel dynamics, Id note that weve continued to see improving market conditions there. As expected, the new food safety regulations went into effect in that country at the start of this year. We were well prepared for this change and the market is in the early stages of transitioning to new products.  As we look at the overall $30 billion global nutrition market, we see a market that remains attractive. Favorable demographic and socioeconomic trends remain intact, which provides strong foundational support for market growth going forward. Our position within the market remains highly competitive with well known and trusted brands in both pediatric and adult nutrition and a great global footprint that spans both developed and emerging markets. Our focus is to continue enhancing our competitiveness and to capitalize on future growth opportunities in this market. Turning to established pharmaceuticals, or EPD, where we achieved another quarter of double digit sales growth led by broad-based performance across several countries, including India, China, and Latin America. As you know, over the past several years weve shaped this business through a series of strategic moves. These actions not only shaped how we participate by adding scale and strengthening our product portfolios, but also fundamentally enhanced where we participate. Our business is unique in that we are focused exclusively on emerging markets. There is no other business like it in the world. Emerging markets are growing rapidly, their populations are aging, their middle classes are expanding, and their healthcare systems are developing. Our strategy to build significant presence and scale in these fast-growing markets is unique and has been highly successful. Moving to diagnostics where weve consistently achieved above-market growth with our leading platforms in core laboratory, molecular and point of care testing, the fourth quarter was no exception with sales growth of nearly 7%. This past year was important for this business on two fronts: first, the addition of Alere expands our presence in one of the few areas in diagnostics where we werent already a leader, the highly attractive rapid diagnostics market. Over the past few months, the team has made good progress integrating this business and we continue to see several levers for growth acceleration, including opportunities for geographic, platform and test menu expansion. Secondly, we initiated the launch of the Alinity platform of instruments, an integrated family of next-generation diagnostic systems for every area of diagnostics in which we compete. As we previously discussed, the global launch of Alinity will be a multi-year process. We initiated the launch last year in Europe and will launch in additional geographies, including the U.S., over time. This highly differentiated platform promises to be a significant sustainable growth driver for this business over the coming years. Lastly, Ill cover medical devices, where sales grew nearly 10% in the fourth quarter led by strong growth in electrophysiology, heart failure, structural heart, neuromodulation, and diabetes care. As I mentioned earlier, adding St. Jude was truly a game changer for us, instantly transforming us into a broad-based medical device leader with scale, presence, and a great pipeline of next-generation products. One area in particular that shined this past year was our new product productivity.  In rhythm management, we closed the MRI safe product gap across our portfolio in the U.S. including FDA approvals of our pacemaker, ICD, and CRTD devices. These approvals enhance our competitiveness tremendously in this area. In electrophysiology, we launched EnSite Precision, our best-in-class cardiac mapping system. We also launched our next generation Confirm insertable cardiac heart monitor in Europe and the U.S. With its slimmer product profile, easy insertion procedure, and smartphone connectivity, initial customer feedback on Confirm has been very positive. In heart failure, we launched HeartMate 3 in the U.S. This lifesaving system helps pump blood through the body for advanced heart failure patients as they await further treatment, including heart transplant. We also have an ongoing development program to expand our indications here to include destination therapy for patients where transplant isnt an option. In vascular, we launched Xience Sierra, the newest generation of our leading Xience stent system in Europe. Initial market feedback has been positive and we anticipate bringing Sierra to the U.S. in the next few months. In structural heart, in addition to double digit growth, we continue to advance our pipeline in several areas, including minimally invasive new approaches for mitral and aortic valve replacement as well as tricuspid valve repair. As you can see, the combination of Abbott and St. Jude created a best-in-class cardiovascular device portfolio with depth, breadth, and innovation to help patients restore their health and deliver greater value to customers and payors. We had a long-term strategy to become a leader in cardiovascular care. We laid the foundation over a number of years and the combination of Abbott and St. Jude brought it to completion. St. Jude also brought us into neuromodulation where several recently launched products led to 30% growth in the fourth quarter through both share capture and market expansion. This leading portfolio of products offers (indiscernible) relief for patients living with chronic pain and helps those suffering from movement disorders. The positive effects of these products are nothing short of amazing. In diabetes care, sales grew 28% in the fourth quarter led by Freestyle Libre, our highly differentiated glucose monitoring system. Over the course of last year, we also achieved a number of important regulatory and reimbursement milestones for Libre. Notably in North America, we received regulatory approvals in the U.S. and Canada. On the reimbursement front, we obtained national coverage in the U.K., France and Japan, and earlier this month we announced that Freestyle Libre obtained Medicare coverage in the U.S. In summary, 2017 was a very good year for us. We performed well, our new product pipeline was highly productive, and we took some very important strategic steps forward which yielded both immediate results and strengthened our long-term growth opportunities. Were entering 2018 with very good momentum, were more diverse and better balanced, our leadership positions are stronger, and importantly a significant number of recent and upcoming product launches position us for strong growth in 2018 and beyond. Ill now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our 2017 results and 2018 outlook in more detail. Brian?
Brian Yoor: Okay, thank you, Miles. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to 2017 sales growth, unless otherwise noted, are on a comparable basis and do not include results from our earlier acquisitions, which is consistent with the guidance methodology we utilized all of last year.  Turning to our results, sales for the fourth quarter increased 7.7% on an operational basis. Exchange had a positive impact of 2% on sales, resulting in reported sales growth of 9.7% in the quarter. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 58.8% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 6.9% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 28.9% of sales. Overall as we look at 2017, we delivered strong adjusted EPS growth of 13.5% and significantly exceeded our cash flow objectives with full-year 2017 operating cash flow in excess of $5 billion and free cash flow in excess of $4 billion.  Turning to our outlook for the full year 2018, today we issued guidance for adjusted earnings per share of $2.80 to $2.90, which reflects 14% growth at the midpoint. In terms of our 2018 sales forecast, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on an organic basis. On this basis, our 2017 sales baseline would be $26.7 billion, which excludes sales from Alere, or rapid diagnostics as we call it, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of last year, and also excludes sales from our former medical optics and vascular closure businesses, which we sold during the first quarter of 2017. So for the full year 2018, we forecast organic sales growth of 6 to 7%. In addition, we expect rapid diagnostics to contribute sales of a little more than $2 billion for the full year 2018.  Based on current rates, we would expect exchange to have a favorable impact of a little below 2% on our full year reported sales with more than half of this favorable impact driven by strengthening of the euro. As weve discussed previously, when the euro moves, the fall through impact on our results is modest, taking into account our European cost base and our hedging programs.  Before I review our outlook for the P&L, Id note that weve reclassified certain pension-related items in order to comply with recent changes in pension accounting standards. As a result, approximately $150 million of net pension-related income has been removed from operating lines of the P&L, primarily cost of goods sold and SG&A expense, and now will be reported as non-operating income. With that in mind, we forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of somewhat above 59% of sales for the full year, which reflects underlying gross margin improvement across our businesses. We forecast adjusted R&D investment around 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of somewhat above 30.5% of sales, which reflects the pension-related reclassification I just mentioned as well as incremental investments in the businesses to support recent product launches and to further strengthen our pipeline. We forecast net interest expense of around $775 million. This forecast includes the net interest impact of $4 billion of debt that was repaid earlier this month as well as anticipated additional debt repayments throughout 2018. We forecast a gain of approximately $5 million on the exchange gain/loss line of the P&L for the full year 2018, and around $110 million of non-operating income which includes, as mentioned earlier, pension-related net income in accordance with the recent changes in accounting guidelines. Lastly, as a result of U.S. tax reform and our forecasted mix of global income, we forecast an adjusted tax rate of 14.5 to 15% for the full year 2018. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter of 2018, we forecast an adjusted EPS of $0.57 to $0.59. In terms of our 2018 first quarter sales forecast, please note that the first quarter 2017 organic sales baseline would be $6.15 billion which, as we commented earlier, excludes sales from our former medical optics and vascular closure businesses which we sold during the first quarter of last year. On this basis, we forecast organic sales growth of 6 to 7%. In addition, we expect rapid diagnostics to contribute sales of a little more than $5 million in the first quarter. At current rates, we would expect exchange to have a positive impact of around 3.5% on our first quarter reported sales. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of somewhat above 59% of sales, adjusted R&D investment around 7.5% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense of around 33% of sales. Lastly, we forecast net interest expense of around $200 million in the first quarter. Before we open the call for questions, Ill now provide a quick overview of our first quarter and full year organic sales growth outlook by business. For established pharmaceuticals, we forecast high single digit sales growth for both the first quarter and the full year. In nutrition, we forecast low single digit sales growth for both the first quarter and the full year. In diagnostics, we forecast organic sales growth of mid-single digits in the first quarter and mid to high single digits for the full year; and in medical devices, we forecast sales to increase mid to high single digits for both the first quarter and for the full year. With that, we will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Weinstein from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Mike Weinstein: First off, congratulations on a very nice close to 2017. I think itd probably be helpful, because the fourth quarter of 16 to the fourth quarter 17 has some moving parts, what do you think the clean organic performance was for 4Q17?
Scott Leinenweber: Yes Mike, I would just chime in - there are a couple but theyre relatively modest. As you know, St. Jude had a battery recall in the fourth quarter of last year which suppressed that baseline a bit, and we had a little bit of timing in EPD, but other than that, thats about it. Our organic growth would be around 7% this quarter - really strong.
Mike Weinstein: And the confidence in the 2018 outlook, Miles, that the 6 to 7%, which I think if you would have surveyed the street before, they would have said you guys would have said mid-single digits, so obviously this is at the upper end or more bullish than that, is it the momentum that youre seeing particularly in the device side of the business, and could you speak specifically to a couple of product launches? One of them I think everybody would like to hear about is Libre; another one is Confirm, which our check suggests is off to a very nice launch.
Miles White: Yes, Ill tell you, look - the forecast we put out, its a strong forecast. It just is, I mean relative to peer groups, competitors, segments, the whole thing, and even relative to us. To be honest, even looking at that, yes, I feel pretty confident about it. I dont know the unknown, I dont know what exchange may or may not do - thats always unpredictable, but based on everything we know at this point, my view is yes, 6 to 7, and probably closer to the high end of that. If I look at the underlying performance of the business and in different segments, and Ill just recap some of this, the drag on some of the growth here has been in nutrition, and even that is sequentially improving. The situations that weve seen that have set that business back a little bit have all improved and are all improving, so I think first of all, thats a good omen. Secondly, in all the other areas, take EPD, very sustainable growth. They had a very strong fourth quarter - I think it was 14%. I dont expect 14 for the whole year 18, but lets face it - theyre running strong. Then I look at diagnostics and devices and theyve both got just a tremendous bunch of new product launches, and theyre not flash in the pan product launches. These are going to sustain growth over a number of years because these are big and broad product launches. The Alinity product launch, I think is going to make a big, significant difference in diagnostics. I think were going to see increasingly better performance out of Alere. But look, Alinity is across six segments of diagnostics, so I think thats a pretty sustained momentum. Theyve been doing a terrific job, frankly, in the 6 to 8% growth range with a lot of, Id say, aging systems and older systems, and now theyve got an entirely brand-new product line out there in all categories, so I think that bodes well. Then, I finally look at the whole cardiovascular device area. Youll recall, Mike, many people challenged whether St. Jude was really growth, and there was a lot of grumbling a year ago about that acquisition. Sequentially over the course of this year, St. Judes going from first quarter 2.4% to 4% in the second quarter, 4.2% in the third quarter, and 10% in the fourth quarter. I wont tell you that I think 10% is sustainable for the year, but they had a 10% fourth quarter and they didnt have to stretch to do it, and the product launches and approvals, mainly the product approvals particularly in the U.S. that I forecasted to you in both July and October, all happened, and there was some skepticism about that because of the situation in Somar but, frankly, our team has done a terrific job in Somar and a terrific job communication with our U.S. regulators, and we got all those product approvals and those launches are all out of the blocks and going well. So you know, knock on wood - I looked into 2018 and it all feels remarkably strong and sustainable, and I think thats terrific. Tax reform was a nice boost, and theres a lot of things here that are all looking up. Then I finally come to Libre, which--you know, I enjoy the fact that every time something is announced with Libre, its a surprise to somebody because everybody seems to have such low expectations for it, and I think were going to continue to surprise people in that category. Were investing several hundred million dollars in expansion. This is a big product. I think you estimated at one point $50 million to $100 million in the U.S. this year - I think thats a good range of estimate. But you know, frankly, its going strong. Were adding probably 50,000 customers a month right now and thats increasing, and that was primarily Europe. That doesnt even reflect much U.S. yet. So as we came out of the fourth quarter, the growth rate of that product is just tremendous and weve got a series of enhancements and approvals and additions to it coming that only make it better. As I said, its not an niche product - its a mass market product, because there are tens of millions of Type 1 diabetics, and frankly the same in Type 2s trying not to be Type 1 diabetics, and Im one of them, so I wear the product, I live the product, I know the product, and I think this product has a long track road ahead of it. So as I look at all the growth drivers of the company and then some of the elements of St. Jude, like neuromodulation and structural heart and other things, I think there is just an awful lot of growth here. So I go into 18, I look at the numbers that we forecasted, and yes, I feel pretty confident about it, so at this point Im looking at the success were having with cash flow and the balance sheet, investment in expansion, investment in capacities, investments in R&D and SG&A, which I put more money into, and everything looks pretty good. 
Mike Weinstein: Miles, if I could ask--
Miles White: I realize it was a long answer, but you kind of asked a big question.
Mike Weinstein: No, no, that was perfect, thank you. Just so you guys know, the sound quality isnt great on our end, so just FYI. Miles, I did want to ask you about capital allocation and the benefit of tax reform. Tax reform is going to lower your overall tax rate in 2018 by 150 to 200 basis points. Youre also getting access to previously trapped cash in your global cash flows going forward. Can you just talk about what you plan to do with the trapped cash and then how the access to global cash flows changes at all your capital allocation plans? And then Ill drop, thanks.
Miles White: Yes well, its not trapped anymore. Its terrific to have access to it, I have to say. Im pleased with where tax reform came out. As a multi-national and a company that had a lot of debt in the last two years because of the acquisitions, I had concerns about some of the structures they were looking at, but it all turned out pretty good. I think it will stimulate a lot of growth and investment in the U.S. in particular, and you can see that in a lot of the things that companies are communicating, and the same is going to be true for us. As far as capital allocation, Brian mentioned in his remarks we were up to a gross $28 billion of debt because of our acquisitions of St. Jude and Alere, and a little bit of lingering debt we had just over time, and we just paid off $4 billion of that so were down to $24 billion. Over the next six months, well pay off probably $3.5 billion to $4 billion more, and well be down to $20 billion by the end of 18. The cash flows in the company are strong. Brians run a program with our EVPs to be very conscious of cash generation, and thats been extremely successful, and our cash flows and profits and so forth right now are as strong as theyve ever been. So as Ive said, were going to make a priority out of getting that cash or getting that debt down to a more balanced level. We will--weve already exceeded the targets that the rating agencies had for us, and well be below--on debt to EBITDA, well be below 3 at year-end, and on a net debt basis well be below 2. So well be in a very strong metrics position at year-end, and that puts us in, lets say, a position to be at a more normal capital allocation viewpoint at that point. We raised our dividend in December by 6%. Id anticipate well raise it again at the end of the year probably more than that, because we like to maintain a payout ratio of a little better than 40% of EPS. So I think our capital allocation, our cash flow is strong, were pushing down the debt fast, faster than we anticipated by at least 18 months, so all of that right now is frankly looking quite good, largely due to the tax reform and the management of cash flow here.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Taylor from Barclays. Your line is open.
Matthew Taylor: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. The first question I wanted to ask was specifically on diagnostics. I guess I was just a little intrigued by the fact that the guidance you gave for the year implies some improvement, and you also talked about that in your comments. I wanted to explore two things. One is can you talk about how the Alinity roll-out could cadence through the year, and then secondly, now that you have had Alere or rapid diagnostics under your belt for a little while, can you talk about the state of that asset and how you expect that to grow over the coming years?
Miles White: Yes, thanks Matt. Let me start with Alinity. First of all, its six different systems, two in particular that are in the core laboratory, one that will address transfusion, one that will address point of care testing, one that will address hematology, and one that will address molecular diagnostics, so theres multiple dimensions to this. Youve got approvals around the world. Theyre all approved in Europe at this point. A couple are approved in the U.S. We expect more approvals the following year. We tend to be pretty much on those approvals. The menu expansions in our development have gone extremely well in the last, say, 10 to 12 months, so theyve got very full menus, and therefore the pace of introduction can go much faster because accounts dont really want to address change until theyve got full menus, or close to it, so that momentum picks up. Then youve got to deal with the life cycle of contracts that are out there in the world. Now, today weve got, I want to say, 25, 26, 27,000 instruments out there in these main categories, main core lab categories, and my goal is to replace that entire base and of course take a fair amount of share over the next five to 10 years. So theres a ramp there, theres a scale there. Its a significant scale, and our attention now is all about scale-up and all about pace and magnitude. This is not going to be some incremental, slow-rolling thing. It starts that way initially - it starts as a slow roll, and then its going to pick up tremendous momentum because its our intent to replace that entire base and frankly take a lot of share with it. So I think were in a really great position with Alinity. Our challenge now is just mass scaling as we attack that market.  On Alere, Id say our team has done a terrific job. We have an entirely new, from Abbott, management team there. Id say their progress in terms of integration, reorganization, etc. has gone extremely well. Literally within a couple of weeks, we reorganized the entire company into business units, fully integrated business units with management teams and so forth. Id say that our assumption of the business has gone at warp speed and gone well. Were ahead of schedule on literally everything, on target on our synergies. Were ahead of our targets on sales and profit. Flu and strep seasons in the U.S. have aided that to some degree, but thus far Id say everything is sort of on point as weve projected.  Beyond that, I dont have a lot more detail to give you, other than so far, so good, and I think our transition management has been excellent. Its been that way with St. Jude too. What we did at St. Jude, weve done faster at Alere, and St. Jude was pretty fast. We went through sort of the same things with St. Jude - we reorganized a lot of businesses there into fully integrated business units, we did it in the first six months. Thats usually very disruptive, but we managed to do it without disruption, and we did it with Alere in a matter of weeks, so Id say were in a strong position. Im very pleased with the management team and how rapidly its up to speed. Weve got a couple of new hires on some of the business, but Id say this team has gotten up to speed quick.
Matthew Taylor: Thanks. One follow-up - this is probably the most pleased Ive heard you sound in while on how things are going and the results kind of speak for themselves, but I know youre never satisfied. What areas would you point us to where things arent going well, that you want to improve, and how do you think about dropping all this good growth on the top line through to the bottom line versus investing in all the things that you have to invest in now?
Miles White: Well, Id say two things. Weve still got improvement to make in nutrition, and we know that and our nutrition team knows that. Weve had a lot of discussion about that - Ive personally talked to our (indiscernible) around the world and so forth, and theres no point in having your (indiscernible), we simply want to do better. Id say even where our growth rates are right now, sequential improvement is a plus. Now, there are a number of places were pretty positive and pretty happy with performance. Id say the U.S. stands out as executing really well. Theres a number of countries around the world executing well, and the ones that had difficulty are improving, so that remains a point of attention to us. Id say in terms of the happy column, a lot of our success right now and what were focused on is organic growth. Weve never had such productivity out of R&D at Abbott, and frankly so has St. Jude, and I now consider them Abbott. What St. Jude had said about their pipeline to the street over a number of years is true - they had and do have a terrific pipeline of products. Weve gotten the approvals, weve closed the gaps where they had deficiencies, and theres a lot of growth there, so what Im particularly happy about is that the organic growth opportunity here across all of our businesses - nutrition, EPD, pharma business, the new product launches in diagnostics and devices, including St. Jude and Alere, its just--its broad and its deep, and its exciting to have that much innovation and new product to be launching. So our challenges arent so much fixing problems or deficiencies; our challenges are how fast we can scale and how fast we can run. Im pretty confident that its sustainable and its sustainable for a long time because it is organic growth of new products, so Im pretty happy about that. Im not out looking for M&A and I dont have any significant M&A on the radar screen - in fact, I dont have any M&A on the radar screen because I want to hit those debt targets by year-end. Our targets are more aggressive than the ratings agencies. I want to get back to where our capital allocation flexibility is as flexible as its ever been, and I want to get their fast and Im going to get there fast.  So you know, I think our challenges are how to keep the pedal down on that growth, because all of these businesses have opportunities at the same time and some of it is some fairly significant scale-up, and Libre is a tremendous opportunity. Its a mass market product and its unlike any other medical devices. Medical devices by nature are sort of niche therapies - this one is not, and this one has a totally different rhythm to it, and the pace of scale and the magnitude of opportunity is more like tech than it is med-tech. Thats an interesting challenge for us, its a positive challenge, its a good challenge, and fortunately weve got such strong cash flow, we can afford the capital investment that we want to spend while were paying down our debt and paying our dividend and so forth. So I mean, as challenges go, thats a pretty nice set of challenges. You dont lose sleep on those.
Matthew Taylor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Lewis: Good morning. Miles, theres a lot of conversation this morning on growth, but it was fairly robust EPS guidance for Abbott to start the year. I think for us, whats interesting is unlike a lot of your peers who are dropping through all the tax down to the bottom line, youre reinvesting, which makes sense given your premium growth. But I wonder if you can sort of give us a sense of where that reinvestment is going, and given your flexibility, how youre feeling about this sort of mid-teens EPS growth over the next couple of years.
Miles White: Well nice try - I dont give guidance that far ahead. Yes, its a good question. I have seen that a number of companies have dropped through quite a lot of tax benefit to the bottom line, and frankly I expect to see that. I mean, there are some industries and some businesses that really benefited from tax reform. If the primary source of your sales and profits is the U.S., obviously you got a really demonstrative benefit. If youre a multi-national or you had a lot of debt or something, its not as demonstrative; but now having said that, weve dropped through some of that tax benefit into our EPS, and I think thats reflected in our guidance this morning. I did direct a significant amount of the benefit from tax into R&D and SG&A, and I think thats warranted given not only the new product launches and how fast we want to run with some of these, but--so Ive directed some of the benefit to increased R&D investment, and you can imagine--I mean, Ive directed some of that at diabetes care and Libre, Ive directed some of that at neuromodulation and other cardiovascular products, Ive directed a fair bit of it at SG&A expansion and so forth. When youve got these kinds of opportunities, youve got to invest in them and put fuel behind them, and fortunately tax reform has given us that ability.  We will spend some of that money investing in manufacturing in the United States as its predicted that that would happen. We will - I wont tell you where or what products and so forth, because I dont want to forecast that to competitors and so forth, but in fact the U.S. will benefit, as will some locations overseas where weve got already existing capability, facilities, expertise, etc. But we are directing a fair amount of this to help ensure weve got not only a sustainable product pipeline and rapid innovation and enhancements to products, but that were also doing our best in marketing areas and so forth to maximize the opportunity thats in front of us as rapidly as we can. We dont want to think about it so incrementally, because I think sometimes when youve got these new products and opportunities, youve got to go hard and fast, and I think when you do that, you establish a better share position, a better market position, a better use position with customers, regulators, etc., and thats much more sustainable over time. So as you ask me, I think if we get our job done particularly in the areas where we just--you know, that Ive just highlighted, which is a lot, I think our growth rates are pretty sustainable. We start every year with a double digit earnings growth target, and as weve indicated this year on an apples-to-apples comparable growth basis, we expect 6 to 7%, and Im in the upper half of that range in my beliefs. But Id like to see that growth rate increase, even substantially going forward. Were always trying o be double digit earnings. Im not concerned about having a double digit earnings growth rate on a sustainable basis for the next few years. I want to drive the top line so that I can sustain that at an even higher rate, and thats where my focus is.
David Lewis: Okay, thats very clear. Thanks for the color, Miles. I think St. Jude has gotten a lot of attention on the call but Alere less so. Whats your focus for 2018 for Alere? Can this asset definitively get back to underlying growth in 18, and how quickly can Alere get back to what you would think is market growth for point of care? Thanks.
Miles White: Well, Id say slower than St. Jude. St. Jude, as you all remember it, it went through about a four or five-year period where it didnt have much growth and the street was unhappy with that, and it even missed its earnings targets a couple of times. What they were right about was they had a robust R&D pipeline and a product pipeline, and they were right about that and I think the people that led and managed St. Jude should feel vindicated about that. We do, because there was a fair amount of concern and criticism when we acquired St. Jude, but frankly as you can see in the numbers, theres growth here and theres going to be growth here, and its not just small incremental growth . Its significant, and Im really happy with the performance of St. Jude. I think Alere is a little longer story. The company had a lot of internal operating challenges. It hadnt been invested in, so I think pipelines are going to take a little longer to develop. I think restoring the cohesiveness of performance of functions in the business, in some of the business, its going to take a little longer. So I expect Alere to emerge, Im going to say over two to three years, because we want to put more investment into new products, refreshing products, R&D, SG&A, etc. We do have some rationalization to do - that doesnt mean restructuring, that means the integration of those functions and businesses, and figuring out what are old products, what are new products and so forth.  I think Alere will be a little slower emergence than St. Jude has been. St. Jude sort of exploded on the scene here over one year, and I dont think Alere will explode on the scene but I dont think Alere is going to be flat either. I think we believe theres a lot of growth here in this entire rapid diagnostic and point of care space. I think theres a lot of growth, and I think that growth is sustainable over many years, but I dont think its going to be--Im not going to be telling you the same story about Alere at the end of the year. At the end of 18, Im going to tell you we had a good year, it tracked better than we thought, its showing growth. Im going to tell you all those things at year-end, Im pretty sure, and we love the underlying assets and products and so forth. I mean, thats all going to be true, but I think operationally its going to take a little longer to get this back on an investment cycle in products and launches and so forth that well want to see.  The good news is weve got so many other opportunities at the same time that I think its nicely staged. You dont want everything to show up at the same time, so I think its nicely staged to help sustain the growth in diagnostics while they're dealing with the scale-up of Alinity.
David Lewis: Great, thanks Miles. Congrats on the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch from BMO. Your line is open.
Joanne Wuensch: Good morning, and thank you for the question. Very nice quarter. Can we turn a little bit to EPD? That area of growth tends to be a little bit of a black box for investors. How do we think about the sustainability of that growth rate? This is the second quarter in a row of mid-teens growth.
Miles White: You know, Joanne, I think the fundamentals underlying the markets drive an awful lot of the growth. You know, the managers in that business and I sort of have this ongoing debate - Im always chronically dissatisfied and theyre always telling me, hey look, were really growing fast here. But the fact is the underlying dynamics of the market drive a lot of the growth because weve selected markets and countries, emerging markets in particular that have growth characteristics which I characterized in my remarks. So the underlying fundamentals of those markets are all very positive in terms of growing healthcare systems, growing middle class, spending on healthcare, etc., but succeeding in those markets requires a certain amount of presence and strength and scale, meaning you want to be in the top five competitors in most of these markets. China is a little different, but you want to be in sort of the top five competitors. You want to have very broad product lines and you want to have some depth in various therapeutic categories, and you want to have a strong brand. I think our teams around the world have done a super job at that, and I think theres countries where we believe we can do even better, a lot better.  So Id say, first of all, the underlying dynamics are strong. Weve put a fair amount of emphasis in renewing and broadening our products. Weve put a lot of attention into our own, lets call it development productivity, registration productivity, etc. Were putting more and more investment into India and our distributor organizations to do just that, because we believe we can and should. Were putting a lot of attention on gross margin management to improve our gross margins, whether in procurement or things that we source from third parties that we should do ourselves, and so forth. So theres a lot of emphasis on margin improvement, and frankly the margin is already good, better than good, but we know that theres opportunity to improve it still further. A lot of people think of generics as commodity, generics that dont make much money. These are branded generics where the brand matters. Its sort of an OTX type thing in a lot of these markets, and we make pretty good profits here, so the characteristics of these markets have been that. That said, the last couple quarters had some anomalies that bumped these numbers up and down. We went through a couple of disruptions in India, for example, which is a big part of our business, where we went through the demonetization issue and then the GST tax thing. We actually managed that really well, I think, but that affected inventory management by wholesalers and distributors, which are a big part of our business system here. So sometimes I think were going to see some of these quarters look very up, and other times theyre going to be a little less up, but theyre always up. You know, I think--I dont think the 14% we saw in the fourth quarter is something we expect every quarter. If it starts to happen three or four quarters in a row, Im going to be back with my managers, saying I think you were a little conservative, but I think its a double digit grower. I think its easily sort of 9 to 11% on a very sustainable basis on the sales line, so a lot of that is fundamentally in the markets and then were pressing to kind of broaden our product lines and gain share because of the way we manage the business.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you. As my follow up, neuromodulation sales were up 30% in the quarter after being up 50% for the beginning portion of the year. How do we think about that growth going forward, and there was a lot of good buzz coming out of NANS. Could you please update us on that?
Miles White: Yes, Im going to have Scott help me with that, but--because I asked the same thing. I said, jeez, why are we down to 30%? Its because of the comparison to this fourth quarter last year. Scott can give you a little color on that, but the growth rate here remains strong and the opportunity remains strong. This is one of the bright--well, weve got a lot of bright spots, but this is one, clearly. Scott?
Scott Leinenweber: Yes Joanne, as you recall, we launched first in deep brain stimulation products in the fourth quarter of last year, to Miles point. Obviously the business is coming off a great year - were number one now in the chronic pain segment. We do expect to capture more share next year. The market is growing in the low teens and we expect to grow faster than that.
Joanne Wuensch: Perfect, thank you very much.
Miles White: Youre welcome, thank you, Joanne.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen. Your line is open.
Josh Jennings: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions, and congratulations on the strong finish to 2017. I wanted to start back on St. Jude. You guys laid out some synergy targets around the acquisition. I just wanted to get an update on whether or not you think that there is upside to those historic targets, particularly on the revenue synergy side. Weve been assuming revenue synergies hitting in year two, but are you already seeing revenue synergies come?  Also just on the margin contribution, with the rebound in top line growth for the St. Jude franchise, is it safe to assume that the margin contribution outlook for that unit in 2018 is going to step up nicely?
Brian Yoor: This is Brian. I think those are the right assumptions. Were right on with our synergies as weve tracked. Weve always said $500 million by 2020. We had a great year, we executed very well. We integrated and achieved our synergies, expect that to continue, and thats incorporated into our guidance. As Miles discussed earlier, were very excited about the acceleration of top line growth here, and theres a lot of opportunities and I think the continued growth and sequential growth momentum 18 over 17 should be accretive to the operating margins, not only for that business unit but for Abbott as well.
Josh Jennings: Thanks. Just a follow-up one on nutrition. The food safety law took effect in China on January 1. I know its very early, but can you help us think through what youre seeing initially and what you expect to see over the next couple of quarters in the pediatric China market, and also an update on nutritional pricing in the U.S.? Thanks for taking the questions.
Miles White: Ill answer part of that and then Ill phone a friend here at the table. Id say first of all, I personally was concerned that this switchover in the food safety law, what we had to all do to comply with product labeling in a number of products and so forth, I was afraid it was going to be terribly disruptive, and it turns out weve already experienced the disruption in the past two years as the market was flooded with many products and a lot of volume and a lot of channels and so forth. The single biggest issue we all had to deal with was reregister products and comply with the elements of the law, and all of our concerns were would we get our products through the regulatory bodies in China and be ready for that transition, and the answer is we made it. So you know, I think that, Im happy with. Weve been careful to monitor our inventories of previous product versus new product, etc., so to the extent that we can have visibility to that, I think were comfortable with how that transition has gone. I think were not seeing the kind of disruption that we might have or that weve seen in the last couple years, so thus far Im glad we dont see unpredicted disruption, so hopefully we can now stabilize back into a more normal, call it competition in the market. Its a very, very dynamic market anyway in terms of channels and numbers of competitors and the intensity of competition and so forth. We didnt need the disruption of the food safety law, but I think thats stable and kind of behind us at this point. Brian or Scott?
Brian Yoor: Sure. On the U.S. side, you asked about the price, and I would just say weve never historically really relied on price. Its about volume, and we had a great year in our pediatric business in the U.S., and thats all about share capture in the infant milk formula market part of the pediatric business, with innovations that we introduced, and we want to continue staying to be a share leader there. But also, bright spots there in that pediatric portfolio are Pedialyte and Pediasure, which also have done quite well in the U.S. and are great brands for us.  Then I think the story in the adult is we knew we had some adjustments to make. Were making the right adjustments. We know we have some innovations coming and were seeing sequential improvement even here in the fourth quarter 17, and we want to continue to sustain that momentum and compete on share and market expansion on the adult, because we just typically hadnt relied on price in the U.S., or anywhere for that matter. 
Scott Leinenweber: Weve gained some share back in adult - thats nice to see. I think the teams done a terrific job in the ped market, and we remain the clear leader in that market. At this point, as Brian said, were not relying on price. I think theres a clear value proposition to be marketed out there, and we havent tried to stretch that, nor will we. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lawrence Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 
Lawrence Biegelsen: Good morning guys. Thanks for fitting me in. Ill just ask two quick product-related questions and drop. CRM, I think you grew about 2% in the fourth quarter. Is that how we should think about 2018, or do you think that could better? Then there was a question asked earlier on Confirm Rx, maybe just setting expectations, could you do, say, $50 million in 2018 on that product? Is that realistic? Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on the quarter.
Scott Leinenweber: Thanks Larry. Yes, I think on CRM, youre about right - we would expect something in the low single digits on that front. To your point, Confirm, really great opportunity. Obviously were still early in the launch of that, first quarter. The feedback, though, were getting from physicians on that one is very positive. This is the only device out there thats smartphone compatible, so theres a big benefit on the patient side of it as well. Your forecast on that one, I think seems reasonable as well.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Glenn Novarro: Hey, two quick questions me as well, and both are for Brian. Brian, the weaker U.S. dollar has become a tailwind to the top line. Does any of that fall to the bottom line, or is that completely hedged away - question one. Then number two, the lower tax rate for this year, is this a sustainable new run rate for the next couple years? Thanks.
Brian Yoor: Sure. Let me take the exchange question. As always, its early in the year, so were reluctant to necessarily flow whats through there. Its a little modest. We know we have the hedge there, so we have a modest impact from the sales I quoted. You know, I think Miles has said this before - lets see how things go. If rates hold and things pan and history is an indicator, its similar to last year, we may see some of those flow through; but I think its just too early. Theres a lot of events that we watch throughout the year. Go ahead, Miles.
Miles White: Yes, let me just add one comment to that. As you plan a year, we all can calculate what we believe our tax reform impact is going to be given our geographic mix and so forth, as you know, and then theres exchange. If youre a multi-national, youve got a lot of currencies to deal with. Its not so predictable. The exchange happens to us a lot of times, so we try to prepare for that with hedges. That said, going into the year, what we chose to do was say, listen, were going to put some of the tax benefit from tax reform into the EPS, and were going to put some of it into investment, as I described earlier, because that we can forecast, we can predict, its knowable.  Exchange isnt so knowable, so if exchange continues to benefit us, theres really not enough time in a given quarter or year to reliably invest back the benefit of exchange, so the likelihood is if exchange runs better than we forecasted at this point, the investor is likely to see some of that. Obviously we hedge some of it to protect the stability of earnings, but you cant hedge it all, so if we are favorable, yes, youll probably see it.
Glenn Novarro: And on the tax rate?
Brian Yoor: Sure. As I mentioned earlier, the range we got was 14.5 to 15% for 18. Theres a lot of moving parts to tax reform. Id just note that regulations are still being formed, interpretations are ongoing, but from where we sit today, we believe we should generally be in the same ballpark of this range and well provide further updates as we learn more too, as the tax laws unfold here. 
Glenn Novarro: Okay. Thanks Miles, thanks Brian.
Scott Leinenweber: Thanks Operator, well take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Bob Hopkins: Thanks very much for fitting me in. Just two quick questions. One is on emerging markets. Just wanted to see what emerging market growth was in the quarter and if that accelerated in fourth quarter versus earlier in the year, and then what your outlook is for 2018 from an emerging market perspective, because it seems like things have been really going well in emerging markets generally. Thats just the first question.
Scott Leinenweber: Yes, I think thats a fair characterization. Generally when its quiet, things are going good in emerging markets, and its been fairly quiet. We did deliver double digit growth in emerging markets this quarter. To Miles point, theres a lot of strong fundamentals in those markets that would point towards growth going forward.
Bob Hopkins: Then the other one I wanted to ask about was just back on Freestyle Libre, I think you mentioned earlier in the call that youre bringing on 50,000 new customers, I believe you said a month.
Miles White: A quarter.
Bob Hopkins: A quarter? Okay, that makes--
Miles White: Yes, Im sorry if I misspoke. Its per quarter.
Bob Hopkins: Okay, that makes more sense, but still a big number. I assume right now the majority of that obviously is outside the United States. Can you give us a sense as to the pace of your sign-ups in the U.S. and what you think for 2018 from a patient perspective for Libre in the U.S.?
Scott Leinenweber: Yes, I would just say, look, we launched pretty much right at the end of the year. Obviously there was very modest sales in the fourth quarter number there. Without giving a number, I would say the strips are basically tracking right with our expectations. I think Miles had mentioned a quarter or so back when asked what a reasonable estimate for year one sales would be, and it was agreed upon itd probably be in the $50 million to $100 million range, and thats still where we sit today.
Bob Hopkins: Okay, thank you very much.
Scott Leinenweber: Very good. Well, thank you, Operator, and thank you for all your questions. That concludes Abbotts conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 am Central time today on Abbotts Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com and after 11:00 am Central time via telephone at 404-537-3406, pass code 8277348. The audio replay will be available until 10:00 pm Central time on February 7. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-18 16:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Brian, and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2017. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that third quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to comparable operational sales growth, which adjust the 2016 basis of comparison to include results for St. Jude Medical and to exclude the impact of exchange, as well as current year and historical results for Abbott's Medical Optics and St. Jude's vascular closure businesses, which were divested during the first quarter of 2017. Comparable growth also reflects a reduction to St. Jude's historical sales related to administrative fees paid to group purchasing organizations in order to conform with Abbott's presentation. Earlier this month, Abbott completed its acquisition of Alere, given there are only three months remaining in the year. I'd note that comparable sales growth guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2017 do not include Alere, which is consistent with the guidance methodology we've utilized since the beginning of the year. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, Scott. Good morning. Today, we reported ongoing earnings per share of $0.66 at the high end of our guidance range and reflecting double-digit growth. We also raised midpoint of our 2017 adjusted earnings per share guidance and narrowed the range to $2.48 to $2.50 which is at the upper end of the range, we said at the beginning of the year. Sales increased more than [technical difficulty] in the quarter led by strong performance in established pharmaceuticals and medical devices. At the beginning of the year, I commented that we were entering a period where innovation and new product launches when enhance our competitiveness and fortify our leading market positions. We're seeing this play out through the first three quarters of the year with significant growth contributions from several recently launched products and important advancements across our innovative new product pipeline. I'll highlight several examples as I summarize our third quarter results in more detail before turning the call over to Brian. I'll start with diagnostics where we achieved sales growth of more than 5% in the quarter which was led by strong international performance during the quarter. We continued the initial European launch of our Alinity family of systems, which now includes five recently launched instruments in the areas of immunoassay, clinical chemistry, blood screening, hematology and Point of Care testing. As we've stated previously, our primary focus during this initial launch period has been to convert a number of long tenured Abbott customers to Alinity and we continue to make progress on that front across all of the major European countries. We continue to anticipate CE Mark for our Alinity molecular diagnostic systems in the coming months and expect to begin the launch of the Alinity instruments in the US in 2018. During the quarter, we also announced our acquisition of Alere establishing Abbott, is the global leader in Point of Care testing. This combination creates the broadest Point of Care testing portfolio in the world with leading positions across cardio, metabolic, infectious disease and toxicology testing. In nutrition, sales grew very modestly in the quarter. And pediatric nutrition continued above market performance and the US was led by recently launched infant formula products and strong growth of our PediaSure toddler brand. Internationally, we've seen some market stabilization in China and we prepare for the pending new food safety regulations that are set to go into effect on January 1 of next year. Outside of China as expected, we continue to see soft market conditions across few international markets and then adult nutrition international growth of 5.5% was led by our market leading Ensure and Glucerna brands. In established pharmaceuticals or EPD double-digit sales growth was led by strong performance across our key emerging markets including double-digit growth in Brazil, Russia, India and China. As expected and contemplated in our third quarter guidance, we saw a modest level of channel restocking in India after the implementation of a new tax system in that country on July 1, which contributed approximately 2.5 percentage points of growth in the quarter excluding this impact total EPD sales would have grown around 12% in the quarter. With our unique geographic footprint and business model as well as our scale and leading positions in several geographies, EPD is well positioned for sustained above market performance. And in medical devices sales growth was led by double-digit growth in heart failure, electrophysiology, structural heart, neuromodulation and diabetes care. In addition to strong growth we achieved several important new product approvals and clinical trial milestones across our portfolio during the third quarter. In heart failure, we received US FDA approval and launched our HeartMate 3 pump which provides crucial support for advanced heart failure patients as they wait for their treatment including heart transplants. HeartMate 3 offers a number of advantages compared to existing options and further strengthens our global leadership position in this area. During the quarter, we also received US FDA approval of our MRI compatible ICD or implantable defibrillator which follows FDA approval of our MRI compatible pacemaker earlier this year. These approvals significantly enhance our competitive position in the US Cardiac Rhythm Management market. In structural heart, double-digit growth was driven by continued global uptick MitraClip. During the quarter we achieved several important clinical milestones including completion of enrolment in our US trial for Portico, our TAVR product and we began enrolling patients in a new tricuspid valve disease trial which utilizes our market leading transcatheter valve repair system. In Neuromodulation, we achieved growth of approximately 50% for the third consecutive quarter driven by recently launched products that offer improved relief for chronic pain patients and help for those suffering from movement disorders. With our broad portfolio of innovative solutions, we continue to advance our leadership position in this fast growing market. I'll wrap up with diabetes care, where international sales growth of nearly 35% was driven by FreeStyle Libre, our innovative glucose monitoring system that eliminates the need for routine finger sticks. Libre now has more than 400,000 users internationally and during the quarter we obtained national reimbursement status in Japan and the United Kingdom which represent two of the largest diabetes markets in the world. In the US during the quarter, Libre received US FDA approval as a replacement for blood glucose monitoring. This revolutionary technology is the only system available that comes factory-calibrated thus eliminating the need for daily finger sticks that are required to calibrate other systems currently available. So in summary, we exceeded expectations for the quarter and raised the midpoint of our full year EPS guidance which is now at the upper end of the range, we said at the beginning of the year. Our sales growth increased sequentially and recently launched products are contributing significant growth across our portfolio and we're particularly pleased with the productivity we're seeing across our new product pipeline which is delivering a study cadence of approvals and launches of innovative technologies. I'll now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our results and outlook for the year in more details. Brian?
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Miles. As Scott mentioned earlier please note that all references to sales growth rates unless otherwise noted are on a comparable basis and do not include Alere, which is consistent with the guidance methodology we've utilized since the beginning of the year. Turning to our results, sales for the third quarter increased 5.6% on an operational basis. Exchange had positive impact on sales of 0.6% resulting in reported sales growth of 6.2% in the quarter. The favorable impact of exchange rates on our sales this quarter was driven primarily by strengthening of the Euro and other developed market currencies which considering our European cost base and hedging program have a relatively modest follow-through impact on our earnings. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 59.3% of sales. Adjusted R&D investment was 6.9% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 29.4% of sales. Turning to our outlook for the full year 2017, today we narrowed and raised at the midpoint our adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $2.48 to $2.50. Before reviewing our outlook in more detail, I'd note that Alere which we acquired earlier this month is expected to contribute around $475 million to our reported sales and we forecast a neutral impact on adjusted earnings per share this year. We continue to forecast full year 2017 comparable operational sales growth in the mid-single digits and based on current exchange rates, would expect exchange to have a positive impact of nearly 0.5% on our full year reported sales. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 59.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of approximately 7.5% and SG&A expense of approximately 30% of sales. Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2017, we forecast an adjusted earnings per share of $0.72 to $0.74. We forecast comparable operational sales growth in the mid-to-high single digits and at current rates would expect exchange to have a positive impact of somewhat above 2% on our fourth quarter [technical difficulty] sales. Before I open the call for questions, I'll now provide a quick overview of our fourth quarter operational sales growth outlook by business. For established pharmaceuticals, we forecasted double-digit sales growth. In Nutrition, we forecast low single-digit sales growth. In Diagnostics, we forecast sales to increase mid-single digits and in medical devices, we forecast sales to increase mid-to-high single digits which reflects continued double-digit growth in diabetes care as well as several areas in our cardiovascular and neuromodulation business. With that, we will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question comes from Mike Weinstein from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Mike Weinstein: Miles, if we could touch on two topics. First is Alere now that it's closed and second is Libre, now that you have an FDA approval. First Alere, can you talk now about how we should think about the outlook for Alere both topline growth and in accretion obviously or it is familiar what you initially were expecting from accretion with $0.12 to $0.13 year one, including [ph] $0.20 in year two, but a lot happened to your business over that time. You renegotiated terms, you've divested some assets. So I think everybody would appreciate an update on how we're viewing that business and then we'll circle back on Libre. Thanks.
Miles White: Yes, I think it's premature Mike to give real specific about Alere. We closed the deal a couple of weeks ago, literally. And our new management team is taking over the business, but obviously very rapidly getting up to speed, meeting all their employees and going through all the things you do to start integration and so forth. And I'd say first of all, that's gone very well. The management team we put in place has moved very quickly and I'd say very deliberately to get their hands around everything, but that takes some time. As we've said the people given the timing of when we close it, we expect no accretion this year. So I wouldn't look for any particular impact on the bottom line in 2017 and with regard to 2018, since our initial estimates of accretion that were quite some time ago, as you know when we first announced this deal because it's taken a very long time close. There have been a number of changes including divestitures and so forth. So I don't want to give you a specific number. I'd say it's fair to think that the accretion will be much more modest and what we have initially indicated for the first year. We will get a full year, we'll get a quarter's head start. And obviously our intent is to be accretive to our company and our business and we believe that with the acquisition we've positioned ourselves as the leader in Point of Care testing worldwide and all of that has the intent of good solid growth and profit growth for our investors, but I'm going to be cautious about what I communicate for 2018 at this point until we've really had a chance to assess it more thoroughly.
Mike Weinstein: And do you think the business as you own it and they call it the proforma that we're under Abbott, does that business grow in 2018 and is low single digits an appropriate expectation.
Miles White: I think it's a good target. I don't know that we know yet, but that's certainly I think an expectation we Abbott ought to have and the question is, how rapidly we can do that. Look I think it's a fair expectation and if I was and I'm totally honest with you. I wouldn't have a lesser expectation.
Mike Weinstein: Okay, all right. Let me switch to Libre, if I can. And maybe try and ask, get couple questions in. So one, obviously everybody is excited not only based on all your success outside the US with Libre that now that you had this opportunity in the US. What would you view as a successful launch for Libre in 2018? Is there something you could characterize or wrap in a number, is it a $50 million, is it $100 million, if you wanted to take a stab at that? And then second, what is your expectation commercial payers. Can you tell us about the conversations you've had and the willingness and the timing of you think commercial payers getting onboard? Thanks.
Miles White: Well I'd say couple of things. Your estimate is - let's just say your estimate I'll take. And you gave me a nice range there, so thank you. And I think that you can assume that we'll be looking at this from a lot of perspectives because we've got a lot of data. Having had a run rate in Europe, we launched in Europe and it basically went country-by-country. We started as full patient pay and we had really terrific uptake in consumer interest and that was the first introduction of Libre to the market. The fact that there was no reimbursement early on, was an unknown to us and it was a new concept and a new way for diabetics to test. And we experienced tremendous demand. Our first year, we were capacity limited and yet, we had a fair bit of demand. Second year, obviously has gone exceptionally well and so as I indicated we've got over 400,000 customers. It was remarkably well embraced for reimbursement by government bodies in Europe and regions in Germany etc., that's extremely gratifying that the value proposition that we see with Libre is strong and it's intended to be. And consequently we believe that part of the appeal is not just, what Libre can do and the information that it provides to a diabetic was a very informed patient and a very self-managing patient. It provides them tremendous information, tremendous guidance in the management of diabetes and I know that first-hand, I wear one. And I got to say it's just a phenomenal device, it's a super product. I can see why consumers like it as much as they do and that's true for both Type I and Type II's and we're seeing that universally across the board, they use it in different ways or at least the information mean something to them in different ways. Whether they're managing insulin or whether they're managing diet and exercise and other things. So I'd say first of all, I expect demand to be pretty strong. Secondly, the US market knows about Libre, it knows a lot about Libre because of all the experience that we've had in the last year in Europe. So I do expect a more educated, ready, prepared, anticipating, demanding market in the US as it relates to payers, which I would call the second dimension of this. I think our value proposition is quite strong. The product is priced at a very economic and affordable level. The intention there is as much and broad access as possible and as rapidly as possible. And I think that value proposition is stunning compared to competitive offerings and I think that's going to be making it strong. We are in discussions with payers and we're in discussion with payers about that value proposition and I believe that will all go very well. I know that's not as much detail as you'd like to have, but it's as much I'm willing to share at this point because right now I would tell you we expect a good strong out of the block performance like you described and beyond that. I mean right now, Mike we're adding about 50,000 patients a quarter and that's across a continent that we had to go at one country at a time, one reimbursement system at a time. Of course the US is quite large, and Japan and UK as additions to this are also quite large. So I mean, we have a fair amount of optimism and trying not to get too far ahead of ourselves.
Mike Weinstein: And obviously I've a lot more questions, but I'll let someone else jump in. Thank you Miles.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Taylor from Barclays. Your line is open.
Matt Taylor: First thing I wanted to ask about was, certainly it was encouraging that you got MRI-conditional labelling for your ICD in the quarter, so just hoping we could get an update on how things are going in Sylmar and then when we might expect the approval for CRT-D and maybe the ICM as well.
Miles White: Yes, I'd say a couple things Matt. First of all let me back up and give a bigger context to this. Over the course of the year, there was a lot of scepticism on the part of analyst end or investors about all the things that we had to get accomplished, that were back end loaded. A lot of third quarter, fourth quarter things and depending on how you're looking at it, it looks pretty daunting and we all know everything doesn't go right. And the Sylmar inspection put some of that in doubt. Now having said that, we stuck to our guns on what our estimates were and our projections were about when we would get product approvals and claim approvals, licensure approvals and so forth. And the third quarter alone here has been pretty gratifying in that. We basically got every approval we forecasted and let's call it, within 30 days or so of what we forecasted and I think that's been pretty gratifying, that what we said is what happened and that includes Libre, that includes the high voltage MRI claim, that includes HeartMate, it includes the closure of Alere, it includes Libre, it includes lot of things. I don't generally like being backend loaded because it feels like a lot of risk that everything has to go right, but everything did. And our progress with Sylmar is no exception as I've indicated on prior calls. Our team that has been working with the Sylmar team and so forth has done an exceptional job that we have provided all information, taken all actions, done all remediation, everything basically done on time, delivered to FDA, discussed with FDA etc. And at this point and we're just experiencing those new systems populating with new experience, new data, new decision making etc. and all of that is going exactly as planned, exactly as forecasted, exactly as communicated with the FDA and thus far without a hiccup and I think that's recognized by the FDA. I think it's recognized, they have discretion, they don't have to license new products out of that facility, but they have. And I think that is evidence of how we're progressing with Sylmar and the fact that the FDA is giving it all the scrutiny that they would and should and what we've submitted to them for approval has been given fair and objective consideration and we've gotten our approval so far. With that said, the remaining ones, I'm not going to change my estimates on. I'm not going to change what we forecasted. I have no reason to believe otherwise. They clearly have the discretion not to, but that's not been our experience and so consequently I remain optimistically that we're on track that we'll deliver what we said.
Matt Taylor: Thanks. And I wanted to turn to another thing that you mentioned in your prepared remarks. On China you said you were preparing for these regulations to change the Nutrition in the New Year and did improve a little bit sequentially. Could you talk about, what kind of opportunity you could have in China, if that comes to pass on time with regards to being able to maybe soak up some of the capacity that gets lost at local players have to shut down or change their operations.
Miles White: Well I'll tell you what, I'm not sure. I would tell you this. First of all, we have product approvals we need. We're ready for the transition. Building inventory for such etc. So as far as responding to the new law and I think this is true for at least the large multinational competitors. I think most of us, if not all of us have our product approvals. We are ready for the transition etc. How we all manage that, who knows. But I think at least we are and I think others are, ready with new approved replacement products etc. as we've been required to do. So I think we're all ready for the transition on January 1. What you can't know very well, at least about everybody else is how much inventory everybody has in various channels? How long that transition will take for any given competitor and so forth. We are comfortable with our inventory levels were comfortable with our inventory levels both on current product and post January 1 product. So we're comfortable what we think we have to do with our own transition. What's hard to project is not just multinationals, but all the hundreds of other Chinese competitors that are faced with the same regulation. So I'd say we've seen a stabilizing of China, it hasn't been as choppy as it was in the last two years. I'd say our estimates around market growth are hard to pin down. We were more conservative on market growth than recent data we've seen. The market growth is better than we indicated or better than we believed or better than we thought and we're looking pretty closely at all the sources of our market data because there are many and they're not all perfectly comprehensive across all channels and then all sources of products or even all geography, so it's a hard win. China is a particularly difficult one to pin down because there are a number of channels, there are a lot of competitors, there are a lot of data sources, it's not like going to AC Nielsen in the US or something. So I'm cautious about it. I think we've seen the tough part and I think we're going back into a phase where it's the same kind of hand-to-hand competition, we've always had across multiple channels, I like that. I think that's better because at least then whether we do well or don't do well is a function of our execution, I haven't been particularly pleased with our execution and I don't exclude a number of other countries where we do see soft market conditions, but I also see less than great execution on our part. So this business is getting a lot of attention from us and from all of us top to bottom and it will get some attention. I think it's probably the one soft spot in our release. That make a lot of things you know are going awfully well as I just commented to you in the device area. But this one is going to get a lot more attention. I feel that China is at least reasonably stable or predictable. We haven't been right about the market growth rates. Those looked better than we expected, so that's a plus and I guess I would just leave it at there.
Matt Taylor: Great. Thanks Miles.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bob Hopkins: So first, I just wanted to clarify something now as you said on Alere. Obviously I heard you that the accretion for 2018 will be lower than you originally thought, that's not surprising. But I just wanted to confirm, do you still think it will be accretive in 2018 and is roughly half the original accretion reasonable placeholder?
Miles White: Yes, I expect it to be accretive. We've got a lot of work to do, to identify our synergies and identify growth opportunities. We're going through reorganization of the business right now and I think that's actually going to be a plus. I don't want to describe how it was organized because I think that's kind of waste of time and it will take a long time, but we went through a restructuring of the old structure of St. Jude and we did it within six months and as you know organized in integrated business units that I'd say organization is still kind of setting, the glue is still kind of setting, but we move to within six months that might have been aggressive but the organization is very stable. The restructuring activities that we had to go through and a lot of synergizing as far as people go, we've gone through, changes and management we've gone through etc., that all got done. But about the six month level at St. Jude it all got done in Alere in six days. So that's a running start. And we've announced what we're moving to, I think it's an organization like all organizations all people want to do well. They want to achieve, they want to grow, they want to be proud of the businesses they're running, they want to do well and I'd say, our early days with the employees of Alere have been positive and we announced that we're going to go to that kind of structure, we've announced how we're going to do it, why we're going to do it etc. and I think that's well received at this point. So as far as we look into 2018, I think your question about was half of that, a good placeholder. I'd say, yes it's a good placeholder. I can't tell you with any precision that that's what it will be, but I think it's a good placeholder.
Bob Hopkins: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you. And then I'm sure there will be a lot of other questions on Libre but I want to focus on the rest of pipeline for a second because there are number of other things in addition to Libre that could help in 2018 and you touched on the MRI safe approvals, but I just wanted to kind of ask specifically on some of the other things that you've got in the pipeline and just to make sure that the timelines and your thoughts on those, haven't changed at all, relative to what you've been saying previously. And so, that would include things like the new stents that you've talked about Sierra that [ph] Confirm implantable cardiac monitor that's entering what is a very attractive market and so I'm just curious on those couple of things, the timeline is still the same as what you've been saying previously.
Miles White: Well couple of things, first of all with regard to Sierra the same schedule, no change that will be first quarter of the year, we think. And with regard to Confirm, it's partly approved already. As you may understand it gets approved in pieces and so far, so good. There are some peripheral pieces we're waiting for approval on, but the first and very critical portion of that is approved. So yes I think that's - so far everything we've seen is very encouraging and no change.
Bob Hopkins: Okay, so Confirm can be a full launch in 2018?
Miles White: Well right now, that's what I bet on.
Bob Hopkins: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. That's all I had.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rick Wise from Stifel. Your line is open.
Rick Wise: Miles, just after a solid quarter again coming out in the 2017 to the upper end of the range. I know it's early on to put all these pieces together in 2018, but as I reflect on it. And 2018 was multiple large new product opportunities launching St. Jude, Alere working shouldn't we expect at least similar topline growth and potentially better, if not accelerating topline growth against especially when you think about some of the headwinds you've faced in and worked through 2017, is the right way to think about it?
Miles White: I'm trying to think about how to sound conservative to you. Look, we got our acquisitions closed. We're going to have a number of product approvals that happened in the third quarter and fourth quarter that obviously should hit their stride. I mean ideally you look at 2018 and you'd like to have your product approvals exactly where we got them, going into next year. We've had a really good 2017, we beat all expectations not just in the numbers, but in the approvals. You all have to admit you had a lot of scepticism about some of this and maybe rightly so after 2016, but look we hit every target, we had for this and with all those approvals, one ought to think that, should bode positively for 2018. That said, when we go through our budgeting every year it's kind of negotiating tussle with our managers around the world, about what's possible in their given market and so forth. But I think we ought to have pretty good momentum going into 2018 What can I say, all the organic R&D projects and system projects and launches and approvals and so forth, they're all happening. And the Alinity products probably most miraculously five of those began their launch process in Europe and they'll start in the US next year, that's been a huge, huge undertaking, we're extremely excited about Libre, we're excited about all the medical device products, everything that St. Jude represented to Abbott about its pipeline has come to fruition and is coming to fruition and so, we're very, very bullish about all that. And I think we're - and I think there is an awful lot of validation in this about that acquisition. We don't know as much about Alere yet, but we will. And whether it's a big impact for 2018 or if it's beyond 2018, either way I think we're pretty happy to have that business. So you know Rick, I think your assessment is right. It'd be kind of hard for me to say, no it's going to be a tough year.
Rick Wise: Miles, that's a great answer and I'll take it. Another big picture reflection. One of the concern is obviously with two major acquisitions was balance sheet, cash flow, but my sense is in the first half at least you ran ahead of your cash flow generation commitments and goals. Maybe, can you give us any feeling how the third quarter went, remind us where your targets in terms of leverage and just again as we think about next six, 12 months or where do you think you can, where do you think you'll be from leverage and cash position? Thank you. Any color would be welcome.
Miles White: Okay, well first I'd tell you that, this got great leadership and attention from our CFO and our EVP's and SVP's from day one and I'm going to let him answer that question because they've exceeded all of our targets not just by a little, but a lot. The cash flow is strong and I'll let him tell you that.
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Miles. Rick, we continue to make great progress in our programs. If you recall, I talked about operating cash flow being around $4.5 billion for the full year. I won't quote you an exact number for Q3, but I think you'll safely assume that when you see the quarter filed, that we're well on track to that and I will say ahead of it. So we're going to continue to make that progress. As you talk about some of the ratios, I think it's important to keep in mind both debt and net debt. So at the end of the year, we projected a debt to EBITDA ratio of around four, however when you look at the cash flow programs and look at our net debt position, we'll be closer to three when you look at the net debt as a ratio to EBITDA. So we're in great shape and we want to keep the momentum going because this is number one priority to build back strategic flexibility here.
Miles White: I think [indiscernible] commercial out there. This all gets even better if there is tax reforms. I'm hopeful. I wouldn't put odds on any more than anybody else watching our government but we're extremely hopeful of the territorial system that and it gives us access to our cash flows and earnings around the world at a reasonable rate and at a competitive rate and that does make it difference to us, in addressing current debt and cash flow, but cash flow itself, super good.
Rick Wise: Appreciated. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: I just had two. One it was noteworthy that you didn't mention the impact from the weather. You still had a strong quarter despite the weather. I imagined it had to have to some impact. So is there any color, you can provide and I have one follow-up.
Miles White: Yes it did. I would comment a couple of things. First of all, it was a strange quarter for us in that, multiple hurricanes whether in the Texas Gulf Coast or across the Puerto Rico impacted, anybody who had operations there. The earthquake in Mexico impacted us. The brush fires and forced fires in California actually impacted us the day after we closed Alere had a key Alere facility there. And to be honest, it was more impact on our employees than on our plant operations. We had a little bit of roof damage and a little water leakage here and there, but it would appear the hurricane effected different companies, different ways going across Puerto Rico because I've noted that some competitors have indicated more damage or more impact than we've experienced. It took up a super human effort by a lot of our people to try to address some of that, which we did. The biggest issue was access to power generation in Puerto Rico and our folks address that really rapidly and we're very happy about that. Our plants, I guess back up and running, is the right way to say it. There is one that we're starting this week and we're back up, is what it amounts to. And so there is - I would call it a modest impact, it affected us, I'd say in a modest level, not a material level. Our first priority was to find all of our people and aid them, which we've done. And so in Puerto Rico, we have not experienced the kind of disruption that some others have. I noted that, another large healthcare company yesterday I think had similar comments that they've been able to address it. We're kind of large in Puerto Rico, so it could have been worse, but it wasn't and the St. Jude facilities that we inherited there with the acquisition. St. Jude were not particularly impacted, I mean they were but not to the degree we might have expected I mean everything is been more about power generation than damage. And unfortunately that's not true for our employees and it's not true for some other competitors and I wouldn't wish that on anybody. But we've been pretty fortunate to get everything back up and running. So we don't have an impact to report for the fourth quarter that we haven't somehow managed or absorbed already in our estimates. The facility that was threatened in California was not damaged. We were able to move things out of that facility and prepare for damage, but there wasn't damage and so we'll be back up and running soon, we did have employees who unfortunately lost homes and so forth and we're dealing with that as a company. But from the standpoint of the operation of the business, we are in good shape relatively speaking and to the extent that there is any impact, we've already included in our estimates for this quarter and absorbed it.
Larry Biegelsen: That's good to hear. For my follow-up, I wanted to ask about with management. That's the one business where if you improve that dramatically that really impact positively your growth. So I'm just curious what your expectations are for that business going forward, could it be potentially flat in 2018 and just a few to clarify at Confirm or X [ph] is going to be booked in that line or not? Thanks for taking the questions.
Miles White: Okay, I'm going to have Scott answer that one for you.
Scott Leinenweber: As you know on the MRI safe [ph] side, we continue to see good progress on the pacemaker. We received approval for the ICD very late in the quarter, so that certainly didn't have an impact this quarter here and the third quarter. But we do expect to have an positive impact in the fourth quarter. So yes I do think you'll see a nice step up in growth starting quite frankly next quarter and then as we move into 2018.
Miles White: It's gratifying that our experience with the pacemaker has matched our experience in Japan and Europe with the MRI approvals in terms of share recovery and so forth. So I think that bodes well for the ICD as well.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Glen Novarro: Miles, you guys are doing a great job in terms of cash flow generation, you're going to get to your targets faster for 2018, but it sounds from Brian's commentary that 2018 is not going to be any type of deal here. It's going to be more about paying down debt, is that a fair assumption? Or do you actually have more flexibility there. If something does pop up, that's really interesting that you can do it next year. That and just some housekeeping questions after that.
Miles White: Well let me answer it, this way. I don't really want the organization focused on M&A right now. I think I would give you that answer regardless of what Brian said about debt and cash flow and so forth. And secondly, I wouldn't forecast it even if I had it in my gun sights. Most of the - my experience with you guys over the past 19 years has been you liked to have some indication on what's coming, usually that surprised you more acquisitions or other things that we've done that hasn't always been particularly well received but they've always turned out pretty well, but I generally don't like the forecast where we're going or what we're doing until we announce it and so I probably wouldn't tell you anyway.
Glen Novarro: But is there some powder [ph] for next year or is next year really let's focus on St. Jude, let's focus on Alere, before we think about anything else.
Miles White: Honestly I think there is focus on St. Jude and Alere and right now that is paying off. Look the focus on St. Jude it's clearly paying off, the focus on Alere will pay off. The focus on the internal product launches of Alinity and so forth, these things will pay off. These are fundamental drivers of sustained growth. I mean it's the hallmark and the identity of the company is sustained growth and we target double-digit earnings growth every single year, your organic performance both in terms of R&D, pipeline, commercial performance etc. has to be sustainable that is where the focus is, and we've acquired a couple of businesses that initially were criticized that's not growth and I beg to differ and I think that we're demonstrating so far with St. Jude that there is a terrific pipeline and growth and share gain, etc. and I think you can see that. You can see that in the initial couple of quarters here, so yes I think there is going to be a lot of focus on not just St. Jude and Alere, but the fundamental organic performance of all of our businesses. You know it took a while for analysts and investors to appreciate the uniqueness of our strategy in established pharma and I think it sort of called out that there is a segment of pharma that's not commodity generic, that's branded generic, that's higher margin, higher growth, etc. in pretty key markets around the world and right now that's our fastest growing business other than neuromod. And neuromod's hard to touch, but we're growing that business at double digits. The team is doing a terrific job. Those markets represent the kind of opportunity we said they did and those kinds of growths from an operating standpoint growth rates out of the business that's what you want. So to some point if we can add to our footprint and add to our strategies, we want to be in a flexible position to do that. We obviously want to get to a position where we have the strategic flexibility that we always felt we had, so I don't think it's a bad idea for us to focus on the operations. Keep pushing our cash flow, keep pushing that debt down. So that's where the focus will be next year and I think we get ourselves back to strategic flexibility quicker that way, which is a good thing.
Glen Novarro: Yes. Okay and then just I agree with everything you said, just some housekeeping. Maybe for Scott. You said Portico you finished in ruling next to US trial, would that put you on pace for 2019 US launch. And then I think you talked about Mitro [ph] which is the Tendyne program and I think you said you started enrolling, is that enrolling in the European trial and then is there an update on the start of the US trial? Thanks.
Miles White: I'm going let Scott answer that.
Scott Leinenweber: Sure, Glen. On Portico, we would expect to file in the US in the first quarter of 2019 to your question, so then you have the regulatory process after that. With respect to the Tendyne in Europe, we expect to complete enrolment here in the first quarter. It's a one-year endpoint so you can kind of do the math after that, but we're in the 2020 range or so on approval on the Tendyne product. Really great opportunity though, really it's structural hard portfolio here in totality is really come together what Abbott brought - almost St. Jude brought [indiscernible] so we're excited about it, longer term.
Miles White: It's a really good to know, that's one that came out of our own venture group from our own investments and so forth and we've been able to combine these things, with St. Jude in a way I think is pretty synergistic, pretty favorable so we're pretty excited about that one.
Glen Novarro: Any update on when you start the US trial for Tendyne?
Scott Leinenweber: Yes, we could initiate US trial here in 2018.
Glen Novarro: Okay, great. Thank you.
Scott Leinenweber: Okay, thanks. Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Lewis: Miles, I thought I'd end on couple of questions on growth, I guess I'm little surprised that neuromodulation has not come up in this call, given it's been biggest growth driver for St. Jude this year, 50% growth through the first three quarters. I think every single quarter we expect that growth rate to come in a little bit. It's been extremely durable across the three quarters. Can you just give us a sense of factors that are driving that growth and sort of how you think about the sustainability of that growth in due 2018? And I have a follow-up after that.
Miles White: I mean I think anybody that claimed 50% growth rate was sustainable will be an idiot, but so I'm not going to be one. Look we're very pleased with the performance in Neuromod. I think it's obviously driven by the fact, we've got three great products there. They're being exceptionally well received by the market. They have an impact in real life on patients in their P&L levels. We're seeing great with real world results from Burst and DRG. I think it's a really great group of products and a strong organization. I think the products hit a segment that's in kind need of improvements for patients and particularly the time when pain drugs and so forth are a national issue. So I don't know, I think the new products are driving the growth and the execution is been strong, the uptick is been strong. We've got three quarters in a row, 50% better growth. How long will it be like that? [Indiscernible] lap it, with all big numbers we'll start to diminish the growth rate, but the actual raw growth will still be pretty strong, so I don't know, I like what we see but it's hard for me to hold it up with an example to all the other business, so you should do this.
David Lewis: Sure, very clear. And then I think Brian or Scott just to wrap up here. Into the fourth quarter because I think you can set the tone for investors as we think about next year's growth rate. You're certainly guiding to sequential acceleration sort of mid-to-high. Can you just kind of run through kind of sequentially what are those key components that get that acceleration because as I said, I think it sets the tone for 2018? Thanks so much.
Brian Yoor: I'll take this. I think it's just - Miles had talked about the continued growth of brand and generics business, it's been performing at a double-digit range. I think you should expect more of the same there. If we look in diagnostics just sustained what you're doing, we do expect improvement at that business overtime as we continue rollout out our Alinity platforms across the globe. Diabetes care you know that story, it's growing very strong and we're excited to bring that here to the US. And most notably, I mentioned this in my guidance on the medical device side, that's where the step up is, where I talked about the mid-to-high single-digit and Scott caught a broad color to that, by saying you should expect further sequential improvement on the CLI side of the business because we've always said the magic formula is just bring that back to flat and the double-digit growth of all these high growth areas will shine through and deliver 5% or 6% on our medical device business. Those are really the key catalysts here, so we look forward to have good fourth quarter here.
David Lewis: Okay, thanks so much.
Scott Leinenweber: Very good. Thank you operator and thank you for all of your questions. And that concludes Abbott's conference call. a replay of this will be available after 11 AM Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com, and after 11 AM Central Time via telephone at 404-537-3406, pass code 88967373. The audio replay will be available until 9 AM Central Time on November 1. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-20 17:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbotts Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbotts express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Brian will discuss our performance and outlook in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Brian, and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2017. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbotts operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2016. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that second quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On todays conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to comparable operational sales growth, which adjust the 2016 basis of comparison to include results for St. Jude Medical and to exclude the impact of exchange, as well as current year and historical results for Abbotts Medical Optics and St. Judes vascular closure businesses, which were divested during the first quarter of 2017. Comparable growth also reflects a reduction to St. Judes historical sales related to administrative fees paid to group purchasing organizations in order to conform with Abbotts presentation. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, Scott. Good morning. Today, we reported ongoing earnings per share of $0.62 which exceeds our previous guidance range and reflects double-digit growth. Sales increased 3% on a comparable basis in the quarter and we continue to expect accelerated sales growth in the second half of the year. We started the year targeting double-digit EPS growth and were adding to it today by raising midpoint of our full year adjusted EPS guidance from $2.45 to $2.48, which represents 13% growth over last year. Halfway through the year, were on track with all of our key priorities. The integration of St. Jude continues to go well and were right on track with our deal model and projected synergy targets. Were also right on track in terms of our new product launch expectations, which includes bringing our MRI compatible rhythm management devices to the U.S. During the first half of the year, we received FDA approval for our MRI compatible pacemaker and we completed regulatory submissions for our MRI compatible defibrillator devices including submission of our CRT-D device in June. Weve also seen significant growth contributions from several recently launched products across our portfolio, which Ill highlight, as I summarize our second quarter results in more detail before turning the call over to Brian. Ill start with diagnostics where we achieved sales growth of 5.5% in the quarter. Growth was led by strong performance in core laboratory and point of cure diagnostics. This business, which is already a global leading and growing faster than its market, is in the early innings of significantly enhancing its competitive position with the launch of Alinity, a highly differentiated and innovative suite of new systems across all areas where we compete. During the quarter, we achieved CE Mark approval for Alinity hq, our new hematology system which quantifies different types of blood cells to help diagnose blood-related diseases. This represents the fifth new Alinity system weve launched in Europe since November of last year and will continue this launch cadence next year by bringing these systems into the U.S. market. In nutrition, sales grew modestly in the quarter. Internationally, as you know, market conditions are expected to remain challenging in China over the near-term in advance of pending regulatory changes in that country. Outside of China, weve seen some softening in our few international markets. While volume continues to grow at levels consistent with historical trends, pricing power which has previously contributed to overall market growth has moderated. As a result, we lowered our full year nutrition growth guidance earlier this year and we now expect the global nutrition market to grow in the low to mid single digits over the longer term, which is still a healthy growth rate for a market this size. We remain focused on outperforming the market with our well-balanced portfolio of leading brands which were achieving in U.S. pediatric nutrition where sales grew 8% in the quarter as we continue to capture share with recently launched infant formula products as well as our strong growth of our nutrition toddler brand. In established pharmaceuticals or EPD, growth in the quarter was led by double-digit growth in China, Russia and several markets in Latin America including Brazil. During the quarter, sales were impacted by channel dynamics associated with the implementation of the new Goods and Services Tax system in India. Excluding this impact, EPD sales would have grown high single digits overall, in line with our previous guidance. This business is fulfilling the vision we had when we created it. There is no other business like it in the world. Were in the right countries, in the right therapeutic areas, and our unique model is driving consistent above market performance in the fastest growing pharmaceutical markets in the world. In the medical devices, sales growth was led by continued double-digit growth in electrophysiology, neuromodulation and diabetes care as well as high single-digit growth in structural heart. In neuromodulation, sales growth of nearly 50% further strengthened our leadership position in a fast-growing market for treating chronic pain from spinal stimulation. Our strong growth in this market has been led by recently launched products that offer improved pain relief and fewer side effects. In structural heart, sales were led by continued double-digit growth of MitraClip, our market- leading device for the minimally invasive repair of mitral regurgitation. In June, we completed patient enrollment in our trial to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of MitraClip in patients with functional mitral regurgitation. We expect the final results from this trial around this time next year, which could result in a significant expansion of U.S. market opportunity for MitraClip. In electrophysiology, which achieved another quarter of double-digit growth, we continue to anticipate U.S. approval of our Confirm Insertable Cardiac Monitor during the second half of the year. And at heart failure, we continue to anticipate U.S. approval of HeartMate 3 later this year. Ill wrap on medical devices with diabetes care where international sales growth of 25% was driven by FreeStyle Libre, our innovative glucose monitoring system that eliminates the need for routine finger sticks. During the quarter, Libre achieved regulatory approval in Canada and we continue to achieve national reimbursement status in a number of counties, most recently France and Switzerland. Today roughly half of our Libre sales come from patients with full or partial reimbursement. And just last week, we announced an agreement with Bigfoot Biomedical to develop and commercialize diabetes management systems. This collaboration will help bring these best-in-class technology to more patients with the goal of transforming the way diabetes is managed. So, in summary, were on track with all of our key priorities, including growth contributions from recently launched products and achievement of important regulatory milestones across our pipeline. The integration of St. Jude continues to go very well, and were on track to achieve our projected synergy targets. And were raising our full year adjusted EPS guidance range which continues to reflect double-digit growth. Ill now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our results and our outlook for the year in more detail. Brian?
Brian Yoor: Okay. Thanks, Miles. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates, unless otherwise noted, are on a comparable basis, which is consistent with the guidance we previously provided. Turning to our results. Sales for the second quarter increased 2.9% on an operational basis. Excluding the transitory impact of the new goods and service tax system implementation in India which lowered our sales in our established pharmaceuticals, total operations sales would have grown 3.7% in the quarter, which is in line with previous guidance. Exchange had an unfavorable impact of 1% on total sales, resulting in reported sales growth of 2% in the quarter. As you know, exchange headwinds have eased somewhat since the beginning of the year. Id note that the majority of the lower foreign exchange impact on our sales has been driven by strengthening of the euro and other developed market currencies. And when these particular currencies move, the follow-through impact on our result is relatively modest, taking into account our European cost base and our hedging programs. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 59.8% of sales. Adjusted R&D investment was 7.5% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 30% of sales. Before I review our financial outlook, Id note that our sales and adjusted earnings per share forecast do not include any contribution associated with the Alere acquisition, which is expected to close by the end of the third quarter 2017, subject to certain closing conditions. As previously communicated, we will provide an update regarding expected financial impact of this transaction at a later date. So, turning to our outlook for the full year 2017, we are raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $2.43 to $2.53. We continue to forecast full year 2017 operational sales growth in the mid single digits. And based on current rates, exchange would have a negative impact of around 0.5% on our full year reported sales, which is modestly lower than the negative exchange impact of around 1% back at April rates. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of somewhat about 59.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of approximately 7.5% and SG&A expense of approximately 30% of sales. Turning to our outlook for the third quarter of 2017. We forecast an adjusted EPS of $0.64 to $0.66. We forecast operational sales growth in the mid-single digits and at current rates expect exchange would have a negative year-over-year impact of around 0.5%. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio approaching 59.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of approximately 7.5% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense around 29% of sales. Finally, we project specified items of $0.35 in the third quarter, primarily reflecting intangible amortization and expenses associated with St. Jude acquisition. Before we open the call for questions, Ill now provide a quick overview of our third quarter comparable operational sales growth outlook by business. For established pharmaceuticals, we forecast high double-digit sales growth. In nutrition, we forecast low single-digit sales growth. In diagnostics, we forecast sales to increase mid to high single digits. And finally, in medical devices, for cardiovascular and neuromodulation, we forecast sales to increase double-digits across our combined high growth areas of electrophysiology, structural heart, heart failure and neuromodulation which will be partially offset by sales in our foundational areas of rhythm management and vascular, which we forecast in combination to be down low to mid single digits in the third quarter. And in diabetes care, we forecast double-digit sales growth. With that, we will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Mike Weinstein from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Mike Weinstein: Thank you for taking the questions. Maybe a couple of quick ones to start with. So, first, the FX delta since the start of the year, Brian, what does that mean to EPS? I know you moved your guidance since. Is that the full impact of the EPS swing from FX or is there a greater impact or are you giving yourself more push? And then, second, Miles, could you just spend a minute on the adult nutritional business? We focused so much time on pediatric at the U.S. adult business, has been disappointing so far this year. Probably you could spend a few minutes talking about why that is and kind of what drives the turn around.
Miles White: Okay. Brian, do you want to talk FX first and then
Brian Yoor: Yes. Mike, I would say that 3 -- and we acknowledged in the first half, maybe $0.02 or $0.03. And could it be a little more? Yes, if rates continue to hold. It depends on the mix of currencies. But right now, were not factoring that in because thats getting down to a level of precision that for a penny or two, were just not ready to project that yet, as we dont want to necessarily forecast the mix of currency changes the rest of the year.
Miles White: Okay. Then, U.S. adult nutrition, I agree with you, Mike. Were disappointed too. And I would say, what were seeing -- first of all, I commented in my remarks that were seeing softening markets worldwide here, at least in a lot of markets. And as Ive looked at a lot of the data, first, the volume rates are all still there; its mostly loss of pricing power in some of these markets. And we see the same phenomenon in both ped and adult nutrition. In the U.S., its a little different version than other markets. In the U.S., were seeing a fair amount of intensity around private label competition. And every few years, this will happen. We got a competitor in U.S. in Nestle that is also feeling the same pinch, as we look at our market data. We know that the competition right now is private label and there is contingence and the way private label is being marketed I guess on the shelf and so forth in terms of its positioning, proximity to our brands and so on. So, were seeing some of the impact of that. Its something were addressing. Every few years, we see private label crank up and then it subsides again. Right now, were having one of those years when we see a lot of intense pressure on that particular segment, and thats taken some of the growth off that. Last year and year before, both we and Nestle invested in the category. And when any of us invest in the category, all of us benefit. As soon as that larger investment sort of subsided, the private label cranked up and went right back at it. So, its kind of an ebb and flow thing, but its definitely taking an edge off the growth that weve seen historically. Were aware of it, we know it, were taken the actions we think we can and should to mitigate and deal with it, try and correct it and so forth. But thats what the intensity thats coming from.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. And then just one quickly follow on Libre. You didnt give us much of an update on the U.S. I know inter quarter miles and weve talked about this; you started a couple of trials to confirm the accuracy of Libre to the FDA. Does that mean that approval is likely more like yearend or early next year? And do you have any sense of whether the FDA has gotten comfortable with the idea of a factory calibrated device?
Miles White: Well, theres been a lot of conversation back and forth with the FDA. Weve explained to the FDA how our factory calibration is done. And I think that conversation has gone well. I never want to predict the FDA. I think we have what we consider to be a fairly proprietary process for this factory calibration. So, its not something we are anxious to share widely. And its unique. So, I guess Im not surprised that it needed further discussion. But I think thats gone well. I dont know that I can predict at all, Mike, when the FDA will come to a conclusion of its process. It was submitted almost a year ago. So, we are coming up on a date here, an annualized date. But, I dont have any evidence that says, gee! Its going to be a year end or longer. So, I dont know that I could -- I certainly wouldnt say that because that may not be true. So, I dont have that common indication. And I would say look, there is good, active, ongoing dialogue back and forth. Thats always a good sign. Its the right kind of dialogue. I just wouldnt forecast it. I dont know.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Taylor from Barcalays. Your line is open.
Matthew Taylor: The first thing I wanted to explore was you mentioned in your opening remarks, thinking about your MRI safe device approvals in the U.S. is being on track. And I was hoping you could talk about, not the submission but whats going on with Sylmar, any progress you have made there and confidence that you can get timely approvals, just given what we have seen with the warning letter?
Miles White: Yes. No problem. Thanks for the question, Matt. First of all, with regard to Sylmar, we are making good progress. And I dont mean that just in a generalization. We had a very detailed plan that we shared with the FDA of course after we received the warning letter. The good news is, as I mentioned in previous call, we have been in Sylmar with the St. Jude management since August of last year. And St. Jude was very open to us and allowed our quality operations, GMP people and so forth in to participate with them. So, we have been working with them on a lot of issues, questions, processes and so forth in Sylmar for a year now. And that is a huge positive because it gave us a real running head start on things the FDA observed when did it inspection early in the year. So that gave us a big lead. So, we have the ability to put before the FDA a very comprehensive plan of corrective actions, remediations et cetera at the site. And that plan is nearly complete. So, we are coming up on -- we will put all the things in place, change processes and so forth that we needed to change. Thats all positive. We will be updating the FDA on that in the coming weeks. I wont give you a specific date, because I dont want to create a trigger here. But I would say, look at this point, we are absolutely on schedule with our own pace. And it was seem as if we did it rapidly. The fact is, it will be about a year and all by the time we are done here. But relative to the timing of the warning letter itself, it was seem like a rapid turnaround but there was quite a lot of work before that inspection that took place. So, we are getting through the completion of that comprehensive plan we put in front of the FDA and well have dialogue with them. Im very optimistic about what were doing with Sylmar. Im very happy with the progress of our theme there. So, I feel good about that. And as I said in the last call, I have no reason to change in a meaningful way, the expectations around the couple of key product licensors of products that come out of that facility. And I know that there is a fair amount of question about, well will they be impacted or not. I think Id have to say look, they might be impacted by couple of months. But in a meaningful way, I dont think so. So, Im not willing to change those launch dates for the purposes of projecting or modeling or anything yet, because to be honest, we dont know. Weve not had a conversation with the FDA, specifically about that. I know that the review side in medical devices has continued to review all of our products; theyre licensor on the same pace anyway. And I know what that pace is and I know where the standing of those products it, and its all very good. So at the end of the day, the agencys reaction to the remediation actions and so forth will obviously influence it. It clearly has the ability to license those products, if it chooses to. And we will wait and see.
Matthew Taylor: Thanks for the feedback on that. So, one other area I wanted to ask you about that has been very active is in diagnostics for the Alinity launches outside of the U.S. I guess the core of my question is I was wondering when you think we might start to see a pickup O-U.S. growth from those launches. I know its kind of a slow battleship thats turning here through your install base. So, when could we actually see some pickup, and how much might that be?
Miles White: Well, let me just correct one thing that you might have inadvertently said. You said when do we see the growth in the U.S.? U.S. wont start launching until next year but theyve been in effect and licensed and launched in Europe. So, let me respond to Europe. And frankly, the question youre asking is the same one I keep prodding our management with. And I do that just to keep the feet to the fire. But, the launch itself is going well. And customer response has been very positive. Were taking what I would call a fairly systematic and careful and methodical approach. Because when you launch new systems, you dont want your customer to have to debug something in the field. You want it to go to the field day one. And the history of launches of instruments in diagnostics in general as an industry has not been that. As you may know, I used to run that business years ago before I was the CEO of the Company and was responsible for R&D at point When we launch systems, you get so much data, so much use early on from your -- clinicals but you tend to find all the little bugs you missed in development. So, when we launch products or systems in diagnostics, youve got a big installation or big changeover from their current systems and so forth. So, it does take time. And because of those early installations are where you do a little bit of your learning, you want it to go well. So, I would say I give them that slack early on in the launch in terms of early, slow, methodical, careful whatever and yet there has actually been really good order activity, really good uptake. Were on track I would say with numbers of closed accounts, instruments placements et cetera, were getting some pretty nice sites closes; were getting some pretty Id say great reference accounts in all of this. So, while it starts a little slow, I think we will see that order rate pick up. We will see it in Europe, we will begin -- in 2018, we will see clearly some impact there. A lot of our early installations will have heavy cannibalization of existing systems and existing volume, but we are getting new accounts as well. And I like the mix of what Im seeing, both in experienced Abbott customers and those who have the competitive take away and so on. So, I think the launch is going well. I think it is going to be hard to see for a little bit here, at least in 2017. We are trying to figure out how we show you, investors, the success of that launch and how its going, without giving away a lot of competitive information to our competitors and so forth. Thats a little bit of an issue or least a challenge, communication wise. But I would say that launch is going really well. And Im pleased with that. Its one of those things we are -- its kind of a slow motion launch. Its not an instantaneous kaboom, but its a rolling launch where you are going to see rolling impact that picks up more and more momentum over the next couple of years, and you will see that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Wise from Stifel. Your line is open.
Rick Wise: Let me start with a Alere, which seems to be marching toward completion here. A couple of things. We saw an asset sale announced. Is that it? Is there more to come? And maybe, I know its early and I know you would like to be conservative. But, can you just help frame in those general sense, is it fair to assume that Alere is neutral this year to EPS? How do we think about it just directionally, broadly in 2018? Is it neutral, is it accretive, is it dilutive? Any color would be really helpful? Thank you.
Miles White: I assumed somebody would ask that. Well, couple of things. First of all, there is one more asset sale that has not been made public. It was one that was required by the regulatory bodies for antitrust proposes and so forth. And weve got a good buyer, good price et cetera. The other party just hasnt said anything publicly. So, we dont want to say if they havent said it. But yes, there is one more and its modest in size. But, its on track. I dont see any hiccups with it or anything. It just hasnt been made public. And I expect that that will be soon. And thats progressing really well. I would say, we are very happy with the status of divestitures for antitrust purposes, where that stands. We are happy with the buyers; we are happy with price; we are happy with transition, plans and so forth. Thats all good. We are in fact, I would say, racing toward close. Im anxious to get it finished and Im quite confident that it will. At this point, I would love to have one of those surprises you didnt expect where all of a sudden regulatory bodies approved it and you werent ready but we are ready. And we have named our transition team internally here at Abbott and how we are going to manage it, how we are going to integrate it and so forth. Those plans are all very well underway. And so, we are prepared for that and ready to go. With regard to this year, I had indicated and I would continue to indicate, neutral. I wouldnt plan for any accretion. I think because this particular deal has gone on so long, I am reluctant to make projections about accretion. As we are into the second half of the year and if the deal doesnt close until September as is currently projected, that gives us all of about three months with the business in our hands. And so, at that point, I think look, -- I dont know that I could project any accretion. I would like to get the business on the path to integration as rapidly as possible in anticipation of rolling into 2018. And so what Im communicating and the guys are communicating here is assume its neutral, assume there is no accretion in 2017 and the question then rolls to 2018. And originally, I think we estimated, this is probably well more than a year ago now when we first announced the acquisition of Alere. We had estimated I think it was somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.11 to $0.13, something like that of accretion for the first full year. At this point, I have no reason to change that however and no negatives that I would tell you cause we pause. And I dont intent to be conservative for cuteness or sandbagging or anything else. But I would say, I want the get the business in our hands and evaluate that more directly than weve been able to over the last year and a half. So, before I reconfirm with any precision or any estimate, accretion for 2018, I want to have few months of the business in our hands, so we can reconfirm for ourselves while managing the business, synergies, sales rates, all that sort of stuff. Because when we gave that first estimate of accretion, we had not taken into account the divestiture of the Triage business or the pieces we had to divest for antitrust. And they had not at that point lost the Arriva business with CMS in U.S. So, I would like see, during the first few months when we have this business, what weve really got, before I give any kind of accretion estimate for 2018. I do expect that it will be accretive, I just dont know exactly where. I dont mean that to be an indication of, gee! Its likely to be less or whatever. Im not even prepared to say that. Id just like to be able to evaluate it in our hands because were well beyond deal model in terms of timeframe for close here. So, I think weve got to have it in our hands, so we can make those estimates more directly. With regard to Arriva, were looking at whether or not we can restore that and at what level restore that standing with CMS that makes a difference in our estimates. There is a number of things that would make a difference in how we evaluate the ongoing performance of the business and the timing of that. So, we got a few moving parts on Alere before I can be -- even give you a range of accretion but I would tell you that I expect it to be accretive. And at this point Im not prepared to change what we already put out there as an estimate little over a year ago.
Rick Wise: Thats really helpful. And just on a separate topic. One of the compelling aspects of combining St. Jude and Abbott on the device side, it does seem to be -- obviously be the compellingly broad portfolio. Can you talk, Miles, a little bit about the progress youve made on the contracting side, dealing with large hospitals, large integrated delivery networks, GPOs et cetera, presenting the whole bundle, just progress youve made broadly since post merger? And do you see that contributing to growth in 2017 and 2018 that aspect of the story? Thank you very much.
Miles White: Yes. Thank you. Id say, since we announced the acquisition a year ago, St. Jude had already started to make changes in the way it approached large national account type organizations in United States. And we with them took that further. There were some promotions, management hires, new changes, new changes in the way we went to market at St. Jude; we contemplated the, call it the full offering across our product lines. And Id say, weve made terrific progress internal in our approach to St. Jude. We have had some success. Weve had a lot of positive reaction from customers, in general, positive reaction to Abbott, positive reaction to the breath of product line, positive reaction to St. Judes pipeline and the products that are coming. So I would say all in all, I think all thats been really good. I also would stress, a lot of times when people refer to bundling with large national accounts, hospital groups and so forth, there is a presumption of one product line subsidizes another and there is leverage in that. And while thats true and can be true, there is also a greater positive synergy of the full offering, the full service level, and the service and account gets across product lines. And as you know, these large integrated health groups, they dont want to deal necessarily with five or six suppliers in a given area; they generally deal with two or three. And we are finding that in the mix, in the breadth of our portfolio, one of the places it really benefits us and St. Jude is that its very easy for us to be one of the two. And its a lot easier when you got the broad product line, when you got innovation with those product lines, when you got a good compelling medical and value proposition. And its not always about just subsidizing. And so, I find that with the mix, and this is one of the strategic reasons we wanted this acquisition, I find that the breadth of that product line, the innovation across the product line, the depth of products, that full offering makes us extremely competitive, and I think both from a medical and the value proposition standpoint. So we definitely see that. I think we will see that increasingly over the course of 2017, 2018 and beyond. I think if you just look at the dynamics in the medical device business at large, the consolidation thats taken place across a lot of product lines has been well-documented and talked about for several years. I think this puts us in a really strong position in the field now. As we look at our product line, of course we and other competitors think there are holes. Well, we need this product, or we need that product, but I would say small holes but all of us one way or another are always looking to fill either through our own R&D here or other M&A activity. But I feel like we are very, very competitive in all regards now. And thats a good positive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Glenn Novarro: My first question is on the cardio and neuromodulation line. It came in better than expected, and I have got to believe thats function of St. Jude. So, Miles, can you comment on how St. Jude performed in the quarter? What was the growth rate that the St. Jude business in total deliberated in the second quarter? Thanks.
Miles White: Yes. St. Jude, if we carve them out standalone, was up by 4%. And if you recall, before we acquired St. Jude, its prior -- or before we announced the deal, its prior four years have been flat. And we discussed how we thought over that period of time. Theyd made great investments in their product pipeline across their businesses, their internal organic R&D I thought had been very productive and very successful, so had they. And it was a point of quite a bit of, lets call it, negotiation during the deal process. They had rather robust forecast for their sales going forward. And of course that ultimately is part of a whole negotiation. I would say this, their representation about their pipeline I thought was valid and proves to be. And as I have said before, both in the calls weve made about the deal itself or in our quarterly earnings calls, our forecast or our deal model was built on the expectation of sequential improvement in their sales going forward due to first of all, correcting the MRI compatible issue, which is well-underway; and then the launch of a lot of new products, and were seeing that. And then frankly, in our own deal model, we had pretty much aligned it with what analysts collectively viewed as how St. Jude would look going forward. And so far, the expansion of the growth rate and its sequential performance quarter to quarter has been on our deal model and is steadily growing. And we estimated in our deal model, they get up to 4.5%, 5%, something like that and this quarter they were at 4%. And each quarter is successively better than the last. Were seeing improvement in CRM and were seeing share recovery with the low voltage pacemaker. As I mentioned, I guess it was at the end of the first quarter, St. Jude, we estimated lost about, I think it was 7 points of share in the low voltage pacemaker business last year between April and December and in the first two months or three months here of launch with the MRI compatible claim, theyve regained 4 of those share points already. So, were seeing quarter to quarter sequential improvement in share in CRM; you can see it in the growth rate comps; its getting better and better and quarter to quarter. We expect that to continue. New products launches are occurring according to expectation. I think the whole thing is remarkably going according to our deal model, according to our forecast and according to what we told analysts. And right now, I think the quarter of 4% out of St. Jude is pretty good thing.
Glenn Novarro: Yes, I agree. And then, just I dont know if you or Brian have these numbers, but just as a follow-up, would you be able to give us your U.S. and worldwide pacing growth and U.S. and worldwide ICD and CRT growth? Thanks.
Miles White: I dont think I can do that right this minute. You prepare a lot of things for these calls. Thats one I dont have at my fingertips. We can probably follow up with you Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: I wanted to ask one about how to think about Q3 given some of the onetime items in Q2. And then I have product related question. So, I think it was 2.9% growth in Q2 on a comparable pro forma basis, but I think you had an 80 basis-point hit from headwind from EPD, and I think you had about a 50 basis-point hit in vascular from the royalty. So, is the starting point really about 4.2%, 2.9 plus 1.3 and we get back the 80 bibs or about the $50 million loss in EPD from the general services tax in Q3? And I had one follow-up.
Miles White: Yes. I would say a couple of things. First of all, what you describe there, the ins and outs going into the third quarter, youre right, and thats a good assessment. And your assessment of, I think it was a little bit better than 4%; I think thats a good assessment too. With regard to EPD, this Goods and Services Tax in India, as you -- I think others have already noted, clearly impacted the second quarter. I think its been hard for everybody to forecast how its going to come back in the third quarter. In the first couple of days of the quarter, we saw a clear response to restocking by distributors, and then it softened for a couple of days, and then it came back again for a couple of days. So, we are seeing it restore. Whether we will see it completely restore in the quarter, I dont know, but so far so good. Its going according to what we projected. So, whether it will come back like full dollar per dollar, I dont know, but so far it looks that way. And I would say so far projections look good that way to truly be a quarter-to-quarter shift. And thats kind of the experience we are seeing thus far.
Larry Biegelsen: And then, Miles, XIENCE has been an amazing product, but given the issues with Absorb, do you feel -- what is the pipeline, the long-term strategy there? Do you feel you need a drug eluting stent with the bioabsorbable polymer, similar to Boston Scientific SYNERGY, which seems to have been successful? Thanks for taking the questions.
Miles White: Yes, Ill tell you what, Absorb has become a very much in niche product; thats for sure. And I would have wished for it to be a lot bigger than that. But XIENCE remains best-in-class stent. Thats still true. Do we need a bioabsorbable coated stent? Ill tell you, I think the bigger issue is I think we need an even more deliverable stent. The issue right now with physicians is deliverability. And I think thats been one of the hallmarks of Boston SYNERGY stent is the deliverability. So, I think the issue is more the deliverability than the coating. And we will launch early next year, Sierra, next generation of XIENCE, which will address that. So, thats what I think is our single -- most important focus right now. Do I think long-term that there is still improvements and performance improvements and so forth to make in stents, whether its coating or material or deliverability et cetera? I do. I am not going to detail what that plan is from our standpoint, but our next focus in stents is primarily that deliverability with Sierra.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Hopkins from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Robert Hopkins: I appreciate the opportunity to ask a question. So, just Ill start with the product question. I just want to be clear on MRI, the outlook for MRI safe for ICDs. What is the latest official guidance on when you expect that to come to market? And do you have a sense for whether youll need a warning letter to be lifted to get that through?
Miles White: The warning letter doesnt have to be lifted. The FDA has the ability, if it chooses to, to license it if theyre satisfied with remediation actions and so forth. They always have that ability. So, its not dependent on particular formal lifting of warning letter. At the same time, the FDA always has the right to decide what it wants to do. And I would say with regard to expectations at this point, weve said second half or a year-end and I think thats probably, for right now, at least as modeling and planning purposes go, probably fine assumption. I cant be more specific than that because I cant read their minds and dont want to forecast and put them in a tough spot. So, I would say, as far as modeling goes, model second half somewhere and year end, but I dont know that I can give anything more precise than that.
Robert Hopkins: Okay. Thats helpful. Thats 2017 obviously, right?
Miles White: Yes.
Robert Hopkins: And then one another, Miles, bigger picture question on the outlook for revenue growth for Abbott, because when you look through your results here this quarter, one thing you notice is that if you look at your different businesses, there is a very wide range of growth rates with some businesses like neuromod, just doing extremely well and other struggling a little bit. If we think about 2018, there is some strong incremental drivers of growth and there is something like neuromod that will probably slow a little bit. So, when net all that out, do you think as we kind of look forward into next year that you can again start to talk about Abbott again as something better than a mid single digit revenue growth company?
Miles White: Well, I think that depends on a whole lot of things including the businesses. I think it depends on whats happening with global markets et cetera. I mean thats always our goal. In our goal, we always start every year with the notion that we are going to grow profits double digits. And to do that, youve got to have fundamental revenue growth, as you know. And as we look at the mix of the business, I think the observation you make is correct. I mean, Id love it if everything grew like neuromod, but it doesnt. And there are some of these businesses that I would say are much more mature, like CRM and even the stent business, much more mature. The good news about those businesses is, they are extremely profitable and they generate high cash flows. So, in the mix of our portfolio, thats positive, thats a good thing. On the other hand, if youre maintaining a growth profile, youve got to have lean toward growth in the mix. And weve got a pretty good lean toward growth, I would say of late. The one thats got my attention from a longer term perspective is nutrition, particularly internationally and what Ive seen there is a slowing. I think that business longer term or at least on a stable basis for now, looks like its going to be a low to mid single digit business, call that 3 to 5, something like that, 3% to 5%. But thats a mix. There are some countries that are 1% or 2% or some countries and geographies that are double digits. The global volume growth in that business for infant formula for example, tends to be 3% to 3.5% and the biggest change in the growth has been price. Not that the price has come down, it just isnt going to go up much. And I think that thats perhaps indicative of some maturing in some of those markets. Were looking at that closely right now. So, as I forecast it, interestingly enough its also very profitable and a high cash generator. And as Ive talked about nutrition in the past and the mix of Abbott Laboratories, its been one of the biggest cash generators in the Company for a long time. I used to refer to it as the bank as it funded a lot of M&A. So its a very healthy business that way. I think our questions right now are assessing the shift of market tone. China for example is actually much more stable than the last 12 to 18 months. I like what Im seeing in China right now. We still have the government regulation continue and its impacted competitors, there is a lot of reaction to the shrinkage of the number of SKUs in the market and so forth. And weve talked about that. But as far as what were seeing in 2017 here, were performing according to our expectations. I think the comps obviously get better here in the second half; we will see. So, as I look forward, yes, it is our goal to be a healthy grower to be able to generate that double-digit bottom-line growth. I think that weve got to continually look at the mix, as you suggest. How many growers weve got, as you observe, the growth rate of something like neuromod will come down simply because it gets bigger in the base, but its actual raw dollar growth I dont see changing for quite a while. So I think thats a plus. And I think we see improved growth in other areas. So, I know there is a lot of ins and outs there but at the end of the day, we are always looking to build our Company, grow the Company, expand the Company, gain market share for the Company. And the acquisitions of St. Jude and Alere were part of building that core leadership base in the businesses that we are in to continue to drive that growth, and the goal hasnt changed.
Scott Leinenweber: Well take one more question, operator.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Lewis: Brian, just a couple of quick ones for you and then one strategic one for Miles. So, just a couple of incremental financial questions. The incremental change to gross margin in the guide of 50 basis points, what was driving that? And then, as you just thinking about the pacing of the back half of the year, obviously youre guiding to improvement in the third quarter. Is the right way to think about it that back half is going to be mid single digits and obviously better than the first half or do you think the business gets a little better in the fourth quarter from an organic growth perspective than the third? And just a quick one for Miles after that.
Brian Yoor: I think to your last question, you will see sequential improvement from Q3 to Q4. There is a lot of items that Miles talked about in the acceleration, including new products and just the momentum of our businesses. So, I think thats the fair assessment. With respect to question on gross margin, our operational improvements and gross margin underlying continue to be there that weve talked about it before. You do get a little noise around the mix of FX and what that does, and thats a simply math there. Nothing has changed about our aspirations to continue to expand our gross margins on an underlying basis, probably 50 to 75 basis points on that, David.
David Lewis: Miles, just thinking about the strategic importance of the Bigfoot announcement and I dont want to make too much of a single investment. But just as a natural extension of building the brand and the reach of Libre and CGMS, or does it suggest an interest in pumping? And maybe said another way, I mean do you think to win in diabetes going forward, do you need to have an integrated pump and sensor under one roof?
Miles White: No, I would say, in the grand scheme of things with diabetes care, I dont think we need to have a pump. But, I think there is a strategic, what would I call it, change happening or there will happen over the next couple of years in the market, particularly for type 1 diabetics and for multiple daily injectors which could be type 2s that are insulin-dependent. And whats interesting about Bigfoot is they are taking a different approach to the ease and the integration of what those multiple daily injectors have as solutions to manage their disease, separate from pumping. And its a fairly clever service and approach that I think will create, not just an alternative that makes the management of the disease or management of someones insulin easier but I think the value proposition of it is going to be pretty compelling. And I think that will change the competitive dynamics in that realm that is pumping. I mean the penetration of pumps or pumping relative to the market size of multiple daily injectors is really quite small. You would say wow! There is a lot of potential for further penetration. The question is the value proposition. A lot of times, the reason it hasnt penetrated further is, it might be too costly or viewed that way. And I think what Bigfoots doing, if I could comment on it from a distance, because Ive never had a conversation with them myself, is theyve come up with a pretty unique value proposition that not only is good from the standpoint of the patient or even the payer, but also in general, in the cost of managing the disease for a diabetic. I think its a pretty interesting use of technology to make it simpler, easier and affordable. Now, I probably sound like a brochure from them. I think its -- I just think that their approach is interesting. And in our case, the technology that is Libre is a component of that and a fairly compelling piece of it that expands the use of Libre beyond what Libre can even do today. And then beyond that, there is other expansions and improvements to Libre that arent just in that segment. But I think that the sensor technology and the nature the way Libre works has a lot of applications beyond how its used today. And the Bigfoot approach is just one of those. And I think its a pretty unique, compelling idea that puts Libre as a part of the competition in that sort of pumping or multiple daily injector world. Its a great opportunity for us and I think it further enhances the management of the disease for patients.
Scott Leinenweber: Good. Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. And that concludes Abbotts conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11 am Central Time today on Abbotts Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com, and after 11 am Central Time via telephone at 404-537-3406, passcode 41003454. The audio replay will be available until 4 pm Central Time on August 2nd. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-19 16:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbotts First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbotts express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Yoor, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Brian will discuss our performance in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Brian, and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2017. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbotts operations are discussed in Item 1(a), Risk Factors to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2016. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that first quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On todays conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at abbott.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to comparable operational sales growth, which adjust the 2016 basis of comparison to include results for St. Jude Medical and to exclude the impact of exchange, as well as current and historical results for Abbotts Medical Optics business and St. Judes vascular closure businesses, which were divested during the first quarter of 2017. Comparable growth also reflects a reduction to St. Judes historic sales related to administrative fees paid to group purchasing organizations in order to conform with Abbotts presentation. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay, thanks, Scott. Good morning. Today, we reported ongoing earnings per share of $0.48 exceeding our previous guidance range. Sales increased 3% in the quarter, which is at the upper-end of our expectations. Our full-year 2017 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $2.40 to $2.50 remains unchanged and reflects double-digit growth at the midpoint. As you know, we completed several important strategic steps during the quarter to shape our company for sustainable long-term growth, including the acquisition of St. Jude Medical, which establishes Abbott as a leader in the medical device arena. The combination with St. Jude positions Abbott with one of the strongest new product pipelines in the industry, including several recently launched products that are setting new treatment standards and contributing growth today. The combined portfolio has the depth, breadth and innovation to help patients restore their health and deliver greater value to customers and payors. In terms of the integration of St. Jude into Abbott, the team has made tremendous progress over the first few months of the year when were on track to meet our objectives. The newly formed leadership team reflects a blend of Abbott and St. Jude leaders, and importantly, the team has remained focused on achieving its new product milestones, synergy targets, and financial objectives for the year. Additionally, last week, Abbott and Alere announced that the companies have agreed to amend the existing terms of our agreement to acquire Alere. Point-of-care testing remains an attractive growth segment within the in vitro diagnostics market and the acquisition of Alere will significantly expand our diagnostics presence and leadership in that space. Ill now summarize our first quarter results before turning the call over to Brian, and Ill start with diagnostics, where we achieved sales growth of nearly 5% in the quarter in line with expectations. Growth in the quarter was led by continued above market performance in core laboratory and point-of-care diagnostics. During the quarter, we initiated the launch of our new Alinity systems in Europe with the ongoing roll out of four new instruments in the areas of immunoassay, clinical chemistry, blood screening and point-of-care. Later this year, we plan to launch two additional Alinity instruments in Europe in the areas of hematology and molecular diagnostics, which will be followed by the initial roll out of the Alinity suite of instruments in the U.S. during 2018. In nutrition, sales declined 1% in the quarter. As expected, challenging market conditions in China impacted the results of our international pediatric business. As we previously discussed, we expect these market challenges to persist throughout the year that continue to hold a favorable outlook on the Chinese and infant formula market on a longer-term basis. With the pending new regulations in China, we remain confident that our supply chain and product portfolio is well-positioned to meet evolving customer preferences and purchasing channels. In the U.S., we continue to achieve above market performance in pediatric nutrition with a portfolio of innovative product offerings for infants and toddlers and in adult nutrition where Abbott is the global leader, high single-digit international growth in the quarter was led by continued expansion of Abbotts market-leading brand Ensure across many international markets. In Established Pharmaceuticals or EPD, sales growth of roughly 6% was led by double-digit growth in key emerging markets including above market growth in Latin America, China and several markets in Southeast Asia. Our continued focus on enhancing local capabilities and expanding our product portfolio within core therapeutic areas targeted specifically to address local market needs continues to strengthen Abbotts unique position in these markets. And in Medical Devices, which comprises our new cardiovascular and neuromodulation business, along with our diabetes care business, sales grew 4.5% in the quarter. Sales growth in cardiovascular and neuromodulation was led by double-digit growth in electrophysiology, structural heart and neuromodulation. In electrophysiology, we initiated the U.S. launch of our Ensite Precision cardiac mapping system, which provides physicians with improved automation and three-dimensional images to better treat irregular heartbeats. Growth in structural heart was led by continued double-digit growth of MitraClip, our market-leading device for the repair of mitral regurgitation. And in neuromodulation, growth was led by recently launched products including Burst for the treatment of chronic pain and deep brain stimulation for the treatment of movement disorders such as Parkinsons disease. During the first part of the year, we also achieved several important new product milestones across the business including U.S. FDA approval for MRI compatible pacemaker, European launch of our Confirm Implantable Cardiac Monitor and submission of our MRI compatible ICD device for FDA review. In diabetes care, international sales growth of 29% was driven by FreeStyle Libre, our innovative sensor-based glucose monitoring system that eliminates the need for routine finger sticks. Now available in more than 30 countries outside the U.S., we continue to see strong demand as consumers, healthcare professionals and payors recognize the cost, comfort and convenience advantages Libre offers. So in summary, our first quarter results reflect a strong start to the year. The integration of St. Jude is going well and were on track to achieve our projected synergy targets. And as we continue to execute on our key business priorities, we expect to deliver on our double-digit ongoing EPS growth target for the full year. Ill now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our results and our outlook for the year in more detail. Brian?
Brian Yoor: Okay, thanks Miles. As Scott mentioned earlier, please note that all references to sales growth rates unless otherwise noted are on a comparable basis which is consistent with the guidance we provided back in January. Turning to our results, sales for the first quarter increased 3.2% on an operational basis. Exchange had an unfavorable impact of 0.6% on sales, resulting in reported sales growth of 2.6% in the quarter. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 59.2% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 8% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 32.5% of sales. The over delivery in the first quarter EPS compared to our guidance is primarily due to timing of spending and certain non-operating items. Id note that while exchange rates eased somewhat since our call in January, a follow-through impact on our first quarter results is fairly modest, taking into account our hedging program and the lag time that it takes for rate changes to work through our product costs. Before I review our financial outlook, Id note that our sales and adjusted EPS forecast do not include any contribution associated with the Alere acquisition, which is expected to close by the end of the third quarter 2017 subject to certain closing conditions. We will provide an update regarding the expected financial impact of this transaction at a later date. So, turning to our outlook for the full year 2017, we continue to forecast operational sales growth in the mid-single digits and based on the current exchange rates, exchange would have a negative impact of around 1% on our full year reported sales. We continue to forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 60% of sales for the full-year, which reflects the profitability mix of Abbott and St. Jude, as well as underlying gross margin improvement across our businesses. We continue to forecast adjusted R&D investment of somewhat about 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of approximately 30% of sales, which includes expense synergies associated with the addition of St. Jude. Turning to our outlook for the second quarter of 2017, we forecast an adjusted EPS of $0.59 to $0.61. We forecast operational sales growth in the low to mid-single digits and at current rates expect exchange would have a negative impact of around 1.5%. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio around 60% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of around 7.5% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense of approximately 30.5% of sales. Finally, we project specified items of $0.55 in the second quarter, primarily reflecting intangible amortization and expenses associated with acquisitions. Before we open the call for questions, Ill now provide a quick overview of our second quarter comparable operational sales growth outlook by business. For Established Pharmaceuticals, we forecast high single-digit sales growth. In nutrition, we now forecast low single-digit sales growth for both the second quarter and the full-year. In diagnostics, we forecast sales to increase mid-single digits. Turning to medical devices. In diabetes care, we forecast double-digit sales growth. And lastly, in our Cardiovascular and Neuromodulation business, we forecast relatively flat comparable sales growth in the second quarter, which includes a difficult comparison versus last year when sales were favorably impacted by the resolution of a third-party royalty agreement in our vascular business. Excluding this third-party royalty comparison, underlying sales growth in the second quarter would be low single digits. With that, we will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mike Weinstein: Good morning, everybody. And Miles, I was hoping I could start with Alere. You didnt update on the potential financial impact of Alere. But I was hoping that you could talk about your view of the math on the companys earnings power today versus the time that you announced the transaction and how we should think about that assuming that we go forward to a deal closing here?
Miles White: Well, I dont think Im prepared today to give you a lot of detail on that Mike. But I can say this, look, the company had some challenges, we all know that, and its a bit of a fixer upper and we know that. Id say, were pleased to have the resolution of this matter behind us. We want to go forward and close this deal. We want to close it in the next few months. Its going to be a little unpredictable, because theyve still got to file their 10-K and they need that in order to do a proxy statement to do a shareholder vote and so forth. So theres a  theres some steps to get through here before we can close. And weve got to finish the divestiture of a couple of businesses that will have to divest because of the regulatory approvals and anti-trust approvals. And I know what I would say is, were committed all of us to get all of that done in the next coming months here. So Im looking to close this hopefully, and Im  this is just a guesstimate by end of summer, allowing for enough time for, what Alere has got to do with the shareholders and so forth. But Id say, look, if it remains on strategy, we really like the space. We like this point-of-care space. We like the expansion to our diagnostics business. We like the businesses. We will divest a couple of pieces. When we first announced the signing of the deal, that wasnt clear and wasnt known. So and they had issues with a couple of pieces of businesses as we know. So, I wouldnt say that the same sales will be there. Obviously, the businesses that have had problems will either be gone or smaller. And the ones we divest wont be in the portfolio. So the amount of sales and profits that we add to our models will change. As far as earnings power and all that sort of stuff, Im just not prepared to give at this point. Id tell you that I think that the resolution of the matter between us is fair and its behind us and we move forward. And beyond that, I think were going to have to wait till, first of all, were in possession of the company and obviously, its going to take us a bit to get our hands around that. So Id say, were not going to really be in a good position to give a lot of detail guidance until minimum fourth quarter and probably normal guidance time. And I know, youre going to all of our analysts and investors are going to want guidance before that at some level. And I think well be able to give it at some level within ranges. But I cant do much detail today.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. Let me switch to St. Jude and thats what the question people have is relative to the Sylmar warning letter. So can you give your thoughts on how that warning letter impacts the business? Any guess at this point on how long you think it will take to resolve? And I assume that that means that the MRI compatible ICD approval timelines to push out. So given that, are you able to stabilize the business while youre waiting for the warning letter to lift and for those devices to get approved?
Miles White: Well, I want to be careful not to make assumptions about things that the FDA gets to decide. I would say this. First, the warning letter clearly a disappointment, but not unanticipated. Weve been aware of the circumstances here for sometime and weve been working with our St. Jude colleagues for sometime even before close on GMP matters at the site. So, weve got a pretty good head start here on the issues and a fair amount of dialogue with the FDA about the issues. So having said that and being clearly disappointed in the outcome, Id say, the impact will depend a lot on our response, how thorough, how effective that response is. And I can tell you, weve got an excellent team of people on that. Weve basically taken everybody that is exp0ert in the field in our company and then we have a lot of very good people in the area focused on and working on not only Sylmar, but were doing a full valuation across all the sites and make sure that we understand everything here in detail. Weve got a very strong track record ourselves in GMP performance, et cetera, the FDA is aware of that. So Id say, the effectiveness of our response, the thoroughness and so forth will determine a lot of this. Now, in the mean time, how fast they will resolve? Cant really predict, but Id say, weve got a pretty, pretty good sized head start on this. Its not like we received a letter and said, go. Weve had a pretty good visibility to all the issues and matters at the site starting last year. And so, I think were well along here. And with regard to the timing of approvals and all the new products that we have under review with the FDA remain under review. We know that theyre continuing to review those submissions. So thats a good thing. And so I dont think we can draw any conclusions from that that are negative or positive. I think that its going to depend on the quality of our response here, and Im very, very confident in our team. So, at this point, Im not going to change our launch dates, our assumptions on approval dates and so forth, because I dont see a reason to do that yet, or a direction to do it in. And so I think right now, Im just going to leave it where it is. And we know that theres some uncertainty around that. We know that this will depend on our actions at the site and well see how that progresses and then Ill have a stronger position or point of view about that probably later this year. But right now, were focused on what needs to be done in terms of corrective actions and improvements at our site, and thats where the focus ought to be. And then was  is that makes clear progress and shows clear effectiveness and all, I think itll be time to try to figure out what impact is going to have on launch dates of new products.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. Let me ask one last question, if I can, Miles. The discussion on the street right now really, I would put it in two buckets on. Its a question of okay, what is ultimately Abbotts earnings power post this deployment of capital in the acquisition of St. Jude and ultimately Alere here? And what does that look like? And okay, what is the ease for the company? And then the second discussion is really what I was hoping to have you comment on which is, okay, well, what do we pay for Abbott going forward? And the discussion essentially ends up centering around this question of well, is Abbotts mix of assets today post the acquisition of St. Jude and Alere and the change in the outlook for the Nutritions business as good as it was two to three years ago, and effectively what should we be paying for Abbott today? Can you give us just your own thoughts on that in terms of the overall quality of the portfolio today versus two to three years ago?
Miles White: I think the quality of the portfolio today is clearly strong and improving better. I think thats an easy one, geez, did you tee that up on purpose? You know if I look back two to three years ago at  Ill just run through the portfolio. I love the nutrition business, yes, it has its ups and downs occasionally, but it is a strong solid grower, driven today obviously by emerging markets in a lot of cases, but its been a great profit and cash flow generator, solid business et cetera, challenges occasionally in China notwithstanding. The pharma business, our branded generic business, I think is in a much stronger position than it was several years ago. Were focused on the markets where high double-digit growth exists, were seeing it. We are seeing the execution of that strategy being, Id say, beautifully executed by our team. The only headwind weve seen in that is exchange and you know when I can control exchange and predict it for you, you know well do even better. But I think the EPD business has been a true gem among branded generic pharma companies and its proving it with its growth rates and its performance. You know we just keep expanding the product lines and expanding our footprint in countries and we keep growing at strong singe or low double-digits there, Id have nothing, but good things to say about that business. Diagnostics is in the process of launching the biggest range of new systems and new products thats ever been done in the entire space in history. I used to run the R&D in that business years ago and I know the challenges and the complexity of developing big mainframe systems for diagnostic laboratories and this team has just launched four of them into the market at the same time. These are new systems with full menus, and you know it will be a rolling rollout, but I think when you look at two more systems coming, six systems across the board, a complete redo of the entire product line, I think the strength of that to drive the growth of our diagnostics business, gosh, for the next decade is unprecedented, absolutely unprecedented. And designed not only for their size, their efficiency, their cost, I think there is nothing, but good there and nobody has done that, so Im extremely enthusiastic about that. And then Mike, you yourself have challenged us on the breadth of our medical device business for a number of years and I think that the addition of St. Jude here is powerful. I mean, arguably, weve got the best stent in the world and its challenging for everybody in this space to incrementally improve on the efficacy and quality of stents today. We have a lead position in the stent business and now weve broadened that across six other major cardiovascular categories. And I look back at the last few years in the medical optics business, which you know frankly I think J&J has acquired at a particularly opportune time, because its taking share in the intraocular lens space at a pretty nice clip, but theyve got leading technology and that business had its own struggles when we first acquired it. So, you know if I look at Alere and St. Jude or even parts of Abbott that need you know improvements or whatever, I think weve got a very strong track record of improving performance in businesses that needs some improvements. And I look at KMO, Im  were very proud of how AMO has performed over these last six years. And I think that was proven in the sale and value and so forth that J&J saw in it and I think theyre very happy to have that business, were very proud of it and we wish it well, because were pretty happy with how low it did. So I look back three, four years and I think were much stronger today and have a much more robust and strong portfolio across the board. You can say, well, now arent there challenges to fixing the business? I think any large company with diverse set of businesses is always going to have some defects. Were always going to have something thats not up to our standards or that we want to improve on and then theres always going to be currency or something going on somewhere in the world. If you are in a 130 countries, theres always going to be somewhere and something. So, I look at it and I think, yeah, Im very pleased with how weve done and I think that for the growth prospects going forward are stronger than theyve ever been. And to be honest, we start every year with a target of double-digit earnings growth. I mean, I  there have been, gosh, in the last 10 or 11 years, maybe two years that were high single-digit, but otherwise we target double-digit earnings every year almost without exception and thats unusual in our space, and I think you know that. So at some point, Id say, were the same company, but with a much better portfolio. And we live to the investment identity that weve been and creative and thats our intent, thats why weve made the moves we did with both St. Jude and Alere. And even though that weve got to put sometime and investment into these businesses to help achieve the growth aspirations we have. We just look at the strength of the portfolios across the Board. I dont think weve ever had rich new product portfolios coming like we see across these businesses today. So thanks for the question, that was kind of an easy one.
Mike Weinstein: Thanks, Miles.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt Taylor from Barclays. Your line is open.
Matthew Taylor: Hi, thanks for taking the question. A couple of areas of the portfolio I wanted to ask about. The first was on diabetes, you had a really strong quarter. We actually saw some acceleration in that business outside the U.S. And I was hoping you could make some comments on, I guess, A, how FreeStyle Libre is doing? And what your expectations are for that in the U.S. you could give us an update there?
Miles White: Yes, no problem. Look, Id say, were pretty excited about FreeStyle Libre. Its doing very well, doing really well across Europe. As I mentioned, I think in my opening remarks, were in about 30 countries now. The expansion within those countries is going well. I think were at about 300,000 patients. I mean, you can compare that to a like competitor, and I think that stacks up really favorably. Were getting reimbursement across European countries, thats unprecedented. And even within Germany and other countries, the reimbursement is expanding, thats helping. In some cases, where its patient pay, were still growing very well, patients accepting it. So weve got both great patient acceptance, great value proposition. And then as we said payors, governments, sick funds and so forth are all giving a lot of support to the product because of the not only what it does, but the value proposition represents relative to what patients can do today. And it makes a heck of the difference in the care and treatment of diabetic patients and their care for themselves. So, I think, were pretty excited about this product and the pace at which its growing and expanding nothing, but good. As far as the U.S. goes, still working with the FDA to get approval in the U.S. and submitted, waiting, excited anticipating, in patient.
Matthew Taylor: Okay, great. Well, and then just on the St. Jude side of things, so theres a few areas that were pretty strong. But you continue to have some negative growth in Rhythm Management and heart failure. I guess, my question is, can you stabilize that business before you get ICD approval? And what are the things that would help that? Maybe you could comment on the pacemaker launch and how thats going?
Miles White: Well, pacemaker launch is going fine. Weve got about 75% of our accounts are contracted about 25% to go. And because its a new product, new leads, theres a little bit training and re-contracting involved, because its not the same old product. So, yes, Id say that roll out is going well. Its interesting you always wanted to be instantaneous and it takes a little time to roll it in. So I actually expect to see improving sequential quarters in terms of its growth, or decline. Were comparing to last year when it lost some share, while it waited for approval. So I expect to see that improve steadily through the year, obviously, it will be helped when a high voltage is approved. But, as I said earlier, I cant make predictions about that right now. Were hopeful that we will be able to resolve matters sufficiently, or show enough progress with the FDA that we can stay on track with that. But I cant predict that just yet, but I think that will make a difference as well. But Id say everything is going very well with low voltage.
Matthew Taylor: Okay, great. And one last follow-up. I just wanted to clarify on the Alere timeline as a few steps here. Do you think that its going to basically take kind of through the summer, whats the soonest ticket close and kind of what are the key uncertainties in that timeline around FTC?
Miles White: Well, I dont know. I dont want to speak for Alere, because thats  right now they and their auditors working on their 10-K and so forth. I can tell you theyre just as anxious to get finished as we are. So that aside, I think we just arbitrarily sort of say end of 3Q, or third quarter, but its kind of an arbitrary date, you know do I think itll take longer than that? No. And I would tell you that both companies will get there as soon as they can. You know we got a couple of pacing items, I mean obviously we got our divestitures to finish up, but they will not  I dont think be the long pole in the tent here, I think itll be the shareholder vote, but I dont know that. I just think that we both got actions to finish up here in parallel and you know were going to act as I think we practically can.
Matthew Taylor: Okay. Alright, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rick Wise from Stifel Nicolaus, your line is open.
Rick Wise: Good morning, Miles.
Miles White: Good morning.
Rick Wise: Let me start with China, in China nutritionals, no surprise you know the issues you called out. Maybe help us  you know maybe talk us through some of the steps you are taking now to set the stage for a better 2018? How confident are you that 2018 will be better? Obviously you are going to have some easy comps, you know whether its product or management or other initiatives, help us sort of frame the outlook as we look ahead there?
Miles White: Yes, Im thinking how to characterize that because were talking about one of the most dynamic markets of any market Ive ever seen in the world. Would you have new management? I like the management a lot, very impressed with the experience, the background, the understanding of the markets, the actions taken et cetera. Im pleased with the actions that weve identified. Were not completely in control of what happens in China as you might guess, so you know we know that theres a lot of inventory in that market. We know theres a lot of channel shift happening in that market that takes time to play through. We believe weve refocused on the appropriate channels, the digital channel in particular has exploded and sucked a lot of the activity and energy out of traditional modern trade channels and so forth and thats been a pretty big shift to us, because we have historically been heavy modern trade, but we have reacted to that, I think, now well. I wish we had been quicker, but we werent, so I think that the team there is making all the right adjustments in terms of where we promote, how we promote, where we ship, how we ship, product benefits and value propositions. I mean literally across the board I think our nutrition business has put a lot of attention on adjusting to what is frankly a fascinatingly dynamic changing market. We still like the long-term prospects of China. We look at the growth rates and so forth and there is not any big underlying detriments to how strong that market has been, its been  you know a lot more the reaction of competitors and all of us to pending regulation changes and what the government will allow in terms of number of SKUs competitors in the market and so forth, were actually in a very strong position for that given the number of different plans we have, different products and so forth. But were focused on only a few, very strong products and were focused on the  lets say the differentiation that moms in China wants in their products. Some of them want European products, some of them want New Zealand products, some of them want American products, some of them want local product and we actually have that and all of that. So, I think its an adjustment to a lot of channel, a lot of digital and a lot of product, and then on top of that a lot of government regulation and so in this particular case, there are so many competitors in China, a lot of them have pushed a lot of inventory into that market in anticipation of a lot of that and we have to see that play through. So, its made this year hard to predict. You know we think were in a good position thus far, I mean I hate to be superstitious, Ill knock on wood and say, right now China has not been a surprise or an issue for 2017, but I felt that way last year at about this time too. So, you know I want to see a lot more this year play out before I can predict how the year is going to finish or even how 2018 will be, but I think we feel pretty good about China for the long-term, but as the government transitions through these new regulations, I think thats going to be a little bumpy and it has been, otherwise I like the management team and the actions were taking right now and thats about all I can tell you.
Rick Wise: Okay. Turning to guidance, you obviously beat the first quarter, chose not to raise it full year, I think you talked about the timing of spending and some other issues. And when we look at the second quarter, you sort of basically framed current consensus, as I understand it, with your EPS guidance anyway. Help us understand a little more behind your thinking, is it simply caution as you look at the many moving pieces in terms of the outlook for the full-year and for second quarter, specifically, can you perhaps walk us through the bridge from first quarter to second quarter, $0.48 to $0.60 the puts and takes that that get us up to that kind of ramp in the second quarter?
Miles White: Well, I may have to phone a friend for that last part. But let me address the first part. Youll recall, well, first of all, we set our targets for the year that healthy double digits. Now, weve got St. Jude in the mix there, so theres extra healthy double digits. But even on top of just last year on a comparable basis, theres a double-digit earnings growth target here, which again, I would point out is not typical across our peer group, or competitors, et cetera, or even the companies that our investors compare us to many of which are not healthcare. And so we start the year with healthy double-digit target and guidance. And then the gating of that guidance over the quarters, as you may recall in the first quarter, that the issue was jeez, it looks back-end loaded. And our fourth quarter is always strong and our first quarter is always the low quarter of the year. And so you look at that and you say, okay, the investor tends to think that last quarter, gosh, it looks like such a big hill. So, we have a strong first quarter that tends to be the case. We tend to have lower guidance then and we tend to beat it each year, tend to be  tends to be a pattern. And then theres, I look at each year a little superstitiously. I guess, if youve been around long enough, you get to see this. But every year exchange or something happens later in the year, where theres a change. Theres a political change, theres an exchange, just a matter of some kind or whatever. So Im reluctant to adjust guidance in the first quarter for almost anything, and because Id like to see the year play out a little more first, because I dont like the whip around shareholders, particularly when were all already, looking at a double-digit growth target, which is annual for us. And so I look at it and say, okay, were off to a nice strong start. We have had a bit of favorable exchange. We do know theres some timing in there, and theres also some strength in there. And Id like to see that strength sustained and Id like to see the exchange sustain. Id like to see more than three months play out here. So in the meantime, my view would be, lets take some of the gaining off the back part of the year, or lets regain this a little bit more gently, call it, a little smoother, and lets wait to see another card played in the second quarter. I just dont think its prudent at this early point in the year to make adjustments to earnings that are already double-digit targets until we see more cards played. I mean, thats thats basically my thought process right now.
Rick Wise: Yes.
Miles White: I mean, we can second-guess me all you want, but thats how I thought about it. Scott, do you want to, or Brian, Brian is going to help me with your second question on the quarter.
Brian Yoor: Yes, the question gone up from Q1 to Q2 and then we talked a little bit about this on our first call. I mean, as Miles talked about China, while we anticipate pressures to be there through the year, were expecting some relief as we move through the year, not a lot. But obviously, that comp becomes a little bit easier for us as we move through the year. Thats one area of nutrition. One area, Rick, and we talked about this. We expected a lower branded generics sales in Q1 and that  some of that was around the anticipation around what they were going through a process known as demonetization. Established Pharma and also it was our last quarter of sales of Venezuela. It just so happened and we talked a little bit about that too. This is our last quarter. Established Pharma would have grown a 11% to 12% this quarter had we adjusted for that comparable on Venezuela. So we expect that to flow through in Q2. You also saw in diagnostics, whereas diagnostics came in the full range. Theyd be closer to 6.5% much for Venezuela. So we anticipate all these moves when we projected our Q2 earnings. And also Id note too, we expected a very modest contribution from St. Jude in Q1. You have the dilution from the shares, but it takes time to ramp the synergies. And so we move into Q2, youre going to start to see those synergies ramp in St. Jude as we move through the year, and thats really the bridge to take you from what you saw the $0.48 to $0.60.
Rick Wise: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Glenn Novarro: Hey, good morning, guys.
Miles White: Good morning.
Glenn Novarro: I wonder if you can provide a little bit more detail on your CRM performance in the quarter. U.S. was down 18%. Can you break it down between Pacing and ICDs? I would imagine pacing did better, given that you have the MRIC for approval. And it seems like from the numbers, ICDs came in worse. So a little bit more clarity on CRM performance in the first quarter. Thanks.
Scott Leinenweber: Sure, this is Scott. As Miles mentioned, we did make some progress there in the U.S. on the CRM side during the first quarter. Were off to a good start with the pacer, particularly as we exited the quarter and started to add more and more contracts, and we think well wrap up that process here in the second quarter and do better with the pacer throughout the year. So the pacer sales were down in the mid-single digits and then the remainder would have been obviously the performance of the defibrillation business. We did make some progress there as well. With respect to filing, we filed the ICD in March, and we expect to file the CRTD here in the second quarter. So weve made progress in terms of approval milestones on that front as well.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. And then I guess from Miles commentary, youre assuming pacers throughout the year get stronger, as it fully gets launched, as doctors get trained. So this is a business that will go from down 5 to flat to up throughout the year, is that a fair assumption? And I guess we should assume ICDs continue in this downward trend until MRIC gets approved, is that fair?
Scott Leinenweber: Yes, I think youve got it there. Definitely pacers will improve throughout the year.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. Thank you. And then one quick follow-up for Miles on China. We talked about the challenges in 2017. Once we get through the regulations, as you go into 2018 and beyond, whats the new norm in terms of market growth for China? When Abbott and AbbVie split up. Miles, you talked about China being a double-digit growth market. So whats the new norm in 2018 and beyond for growth in China in nutritional? Thanks.
Miles White: This is just a stab in the dark. But I would tell you, Id probably for right now forecasted it mid-single. I think were going to have to see some  its a big number. I mean, first of all China is a big market. So were talking about growth on top of a big number. And so you got the lot of big numbers working against us there. But Id say mid single for now is a safe assumption and beyond that, I think, were going to have to kind of see how it goes.
Glenn Novarro: Okay, great. Thanks for  thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Let me start with capital allocation and then product-related question. So I think, Brian, when you announced the St. Jude deal a year ago, you talked about a goal of getting down to 3.5 times debt to EBITDA in 2018. Is that still a realistic goal, given the Alere deal now? And how should we think about your uses of cash priorities? One of the concerns investors have is that with the debt you have right now that  or post the Alere deal that youll be constrained and you wont be able to do even small tuck-in deals to augment, lets say, the St. Jude business, or other business. So can you talk a little bit about that and I have one follow-up?
Miles White: Yes, Larry, we see a path to the 3.5 for 2018 in closing Alere. I think something to keep in mind and remember is, we divested a couple businesses and we received full and fair value there. And so that gives us some optionality such that the debt we would take on under Alere is less than what you might have originally modeled in your deal model. So at Alere point in time, well come back and help you reconcile that. And as you know, we talked about this. Cash flow has been a focus for us. We projected very strong operating cash flow and free cash flow as a percent of net income for this year. And that remains on track, Id say, in the first quarter, lets wait till the Q comes up, but we may even be a little bit ahead here in terms of our efforts here to make improvements in our working capital process and also just further strengthen what was also a strong process around our capital expenditures. So we feel good about that. Our priorities go back to strategic flexibility and nothing changes about those commitments we made sometime ago.
Larry Biegelsen: Thats helpful. And then on the product side just two. One is on EPD, you touched upon the demonetization, which doesnt look like its had much of an impact based on your Q1 results. But how are you thinking about the impact of the goods and services tax in India later this year? And just lastly, on the heart failure results this quarter, which were a little week, I think thats primarily the Thoratec business, which has been strong in prior quarters. Can you talk about the outlook there and why it might have been weak this quarter and obviously you have HeartMate 3 coming in the U.S. later this year hopefully so that that should help. Thanks for taking the questions.
Scott Leinenweber: Sure, thanks Larry, this is Scott. With respect to the monetization, yes, it did have a little bit of transitory choppiness on the overall economy quite frankly in India and we saw a modest impact on our results. That impact is diminishing and will continue to diminish we think going forward. With respect to the goods and services tax, as you know the government is looking at implementing a new tax scheme. They have been looking at this for quite sometime. The date has moved once previously. So we are certainly going to monitor that decision. At current time, the expectation is that they would implement on July 1. If they do that could have an impact potentially on the way distributors manage inventory before and after that implementation. So, we didnt make that into our guidance per se, because the timeline has been a little bit fluid here. But if we go through the quarter and that solidifies, well update you at the appropriate time.
Miles White: I think its important to stress though, its hard to predict what the distributors will do to manage inventories and so forth based on this, but that they will at some level. And so we could see some less predictable numbers in the second  between the second and third quarter. If the timing, what Scott said, but I dont think its going to affect our overall business. And its going to affect all players in the market, you know all manufacturers or all retailers et cetera. And at the end of the day, I think itll stabilize, but were just going to go through a lumpy start. And then I think it also depends on whether or not people recover this tax with price or other thing, so well just have to see.
Scott Leinenweber: With respect to your question on LVADs or the heart failure bucket, you know as you know that that market can be a little bit choppy from time-to-time. There is some interplay between LVADs procedures and the heart transplant procedure, so we saw some of that. We did see as we exited the quarter growth rates start to improve and as you mentioned, we do expect to see acceleration in the second-half of the year when we bring HeartMate 3 to U.S. here. So were well positioned in that market, we have the market leading product. We are  although albeit on a smaller base, we are continuing to see some nice strong growth on CardioMEMS as well.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Jennings from Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Josh Jennings: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I was hoping to start, just a follow-up on your comments Miles on the FDA warning letter. Can you just refresh us on whether or not there are any non-CRM products that come out of the Sylmar facility. And then also you mentioned that the warning letter wasnt completely unanticipated. How are you feeling about some of the other St. Jude facilities and just I think if you could comment specifically on the neuromodulation facility in Plano where there was a historic tribulations with an FDA warning letter?
Miles White: Okay while I dont have any comments about Plano, I mean I dont have any update for you there. I would say any time you get a warning letter or even observations, 43 observations on GMP at any facility or any plants, it behooves us to go back and look not only at that plant, but all of our plants across the board. So that the corrective actions we take whatever they may be are consistent and our systems and processes are consistent across all facilities. So any time you get an observation like this or any observation at a single facility, our practice is to go back and look at all facilities. And Im comfortable that were not sitting here at risking our other facilities, but that said we always go back proactively and preemptively and look at every facility to make sure that whatever were correcting in one is something that weve looked at checked out, assessed, evaluated whatever you want to call it in all of them. So thats standard practice. And frankly I think thats one of the reasons we have the track record we have in GMP in our facilities and the reputation we have with the FDA, so I think thats a good thing. So I dont  Im not sitting here with a lot of nervousness about other facilities. Weve had a chance to look at all of St. Judes facilities. We had a chance to assess that. Right now I dont see an indication of something like this elsewhere. So, but that said, were all over everything in this  with this warning letter everywhere. I cant remember what I missed in the question, because it was a long question.
Scott Leinenweber: Yes, I would say  yes, I would say with respect to the products, the most significant products there are the defibrillator and the CRM products. There are others that are smaller that go through generally a 510(k) process, but the biggest ones are the defibs that you pointed out.
Josh Jennings: Understood, I was hoping just to ask a follow-up question on just the CardioMEMS product line. Are there any updates on interactions with the CMS and the path to national coverage termination. And just your outlook on that asset, it had been one of the growth drivers I believe when the deal was announced last year and any update would be fantastic. Thanks for taking the questions.
Scott Leinenweber: Yes. Our longer term perspective on CardioMEMS is unchanged and weve said that since we announced the St. Jude acquisition, quite frankly that we think that there is a lot of long-term potential here. Near-term, weve pointed to the fact that theres more work to be done. We have had interactions with the respective bodies with respect to CardioMEMS and what it will take to get into a better position from a reimbursement standpoint and those are ongoing, I dont want to get into too many specifics. But with what we have today, the product is growing nicely, growing 20%, above 20% quite frankly, albeit again on a smaller base. So we are making progress with it. The real world results that were seeing, physicians are seeing with it, are strong. Probably better than expected in terms of what most physicians give us feedback on. So, were happy with the way the product is performing. We think theres great long-term potential and well work through the process here and generate the data we need in the near term.
Miles White: Operator, well take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Lewis: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in, Ill be quick. Brian, just a quick follow-up on Alere and two fast ones. So, is it safe to assume as it relates to Alere, I know youre not giving a specific accretion. The way to think about it is, we probably have some less synergies based on operating performance and some of the divestitures, but youve got a lot more financing flexibility that helps to make up the difference, is that a decent paraphrase of what well see?
Brian Yoor: Its a decent paraphrase over the coming year, you know once we bring this business under us Ill compare the assessment, David.
David Lewis: Okay thank you, and two quick ones. The first is, Miles, maybe for you, you talked a lot about India and some on China. I wonder just for this new two invoice policy in China as it relates to your EPD business and device franchise. Any disruption we should be thinking about this year? Any changes to distributors regarding the two invoice policy? And then if theres any update on the PHP product within heart failure that would be great. Thanks so much.
Scott Leinenweber: Yes, this is Scott. Within China we dont see any disruption, in fact our EPD business continues to perform extremely well in China as does our diagnostics business double-digit growth on both fronts. So we expect strong growth going forward there as well. With respect to the PHP, we did temporarily pause the trial and commercial implants. We continue to investigate that and well give an update at the appropriate time, a very modest financial impact though its a small product.
David Lewis: Thank you.
Scott Leinenweber: Okay, well good. Well, thank you operator and thank you for all of your questions and that concludes Abbotts conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11 AM Central Time today on Abbotts Investor Relations website at abotinvestor.com and after 11 AM Central Time via telephone at 404-537-3406, pass code 86879273. The audio replay will be available until 4 PM Central Time on Wednesday May 3. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone has a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-25 15:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbotts Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer portion of this call. During the question and answer session, you will be able to ask your question by pressing the star, one key on your touchtone phone. Should you become disconnected throughout this conference call, please redial the number provided to you and reference the Abbott earnings call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question and answer session, the entire call, including the question and answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbotts express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Yoor, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Brian will discuss our performance in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Brian and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2017. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbotts operations are discussed in Item 1(a), Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016, as well as in St. Jude Medicals annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2016 and St. Jude Medicals quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 2, 2016. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that fourth quarter financial results and guidance provided on todays call for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On todays conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay, thanks Scott, and good morning. Today Ill discuss our 2016 results, as well as our outlook for 2017. For the full year 2016, we achieved ongoing earnings per share of $2.20, representing double-digit underlying growth. Continued strong performance across many of our businesses and operating margin expansion enabled us to deliver adjusted earnings per share at the upper end of the initial guidance range we set forth at the beginning of last year. Importantly, 2016 was a year of significant shaping for Abbott. Weve lined our businesses with long-term growth trends, and its been our intention to build leadership positions in all areas of healthcare where we compete. This past year, we took multiple strategic steps to ensure were in the right businesses that provide the best opportunities for our future. Ill start with the pending sale of our medical optics business, or AMO. We entered the vision care business several years ago with the intent that AMO would be a foundational cornerstone for us to build upon. Under Abbott, this business performed well, gaining share and improving operating profitability; however, as we looked over the long term, we didnt see sufficient opportunities for us to build AMO into a more broad-based leader in vision care. Strategically, the decision was made to strengthen our medical device business in a market that offered the greatest long-term growth and leadership potential, and that market is cardiovascular care, one of the largest and most important areas of healthcare. The recent acquisition of St. Jude Medical creates the kind of market-leading position we seek in all of our businesses. This includes strong positions in nearly every area of the $30 billion cardiovascular device market, including coronary stents, cardiac rhythm management, atrial fibrillation, and heart failure. Importantly, Abbott now has one of the strongest product pipelines in the industry. The combined best-in-class portfolio has the depth, breadth and innovation to help patients restore their health and deliver greater value to customers and payors. So we enter 2017 as a stronger company. The fundamentals of the markets where we compete remain strong, and we have good momentum across our businesses. Were also entering a period where innovation and new product launches will fortify our leadership positions. Ill touch on some examples and important new products during my commentary on each of our businesses in a moment. As we announced this morning, we expect to deliver strong financial performance in 2017. Our adjusted earnings per share guidance range of $2.40 to $2.50 reflects double-digit growth at the midpoint. Ill now provide a brief overview of our 2016 results and 2017 outlook for each business. Ill start with nutrition, where Abbott is the global leader in the adult market and maintains leadership positions in the pediatric market across several geographies, including the number one position in the United States. As expected, fourth quarter sales growth was affected by challenging market conditions in China, including new food safety regulations that are set to go into effect in January 2018 and a consequent oversupply of product in the market. Although we expect market conditions will remain challenging in 2017, the longer term fundamentals of the Chinese infant formula market remain attractive. With localized R&D in China and a world-class global supply chain, were well equipped to navigate this highly dynamic market with a competitive portfolio of products that are aligned with evolving customer needs and purchasing channels. In the U.S., we continue to outperform the pediatric nutrition market driven by several recently launched new products, and we continue to drive strong growth in both pediatric and adult nutrition in Latin America and Southeast Asia. Turning to established pharmaceuticals, or EPD, which achieved double-digit operational sales growth for both the fourth quarter and full year 2016, EPD has grown into the business that we envisioned when we created and further shaped it through a series of strategic actions, including the sale of our developed markets business and the acquisitions of CFR Pharmaceuticals in Latin America and Veropharm in Russia. With leading market positions in several geographies, including India, Russia and Latin America, EPD is well positioned for sustained above-market growth in some of the largest and fastest growing pharmaceutical markets in the world. In 2017, well continue to execute our unique operating model which focuses on portfolio selling in core therapeutic areas where we have well recognized, highly trusted brands. This portfolio approach creates unique channel opportunities in differentiated relationships with physicians, retailers and pharmacies that are looking to offer a complete line of solutions to treat prominent local health conditions. We continuously refresh and enhance our localized product offerings through internal development, cross-registration of brands across geographies, as well as local and regional acquisitions and in-licensing. In 2017, well further strengthen our development capabilities with an expanded EPD innovation center in India. In addition to developing new drug formulations, dosing and other differentiated offerings, the center will act as a hub, shipping products to over 30 countries that will further develop differentiated products to suit local needs. In diagnostics, we achieved another year of above-market sales growth in 2016, and importantly we initiated the global launch of Alinity, an integrated family of next-generation diagnostic systems for every area of diagnostics in which we compete. The Alinity solutions represent a major leap forward over competitive systems in terms of automation, throughput, space efficiency, and ease of use, which will help our customers address issues they face every day, including higher testing volumes, constrained staffing and space, and complex disparate processes and instruments. In the fourth quarter of last year, we obtained CE Mark for our point-of-care, immunoassay, clinical chemistry, and blood screening systems, and have initiated the launch of these four systems in Europe. Over the next couple of years, well launch the full Alinity suite across Europe and into additional geographies, including the U.S. in the 2018 time frame. This unprecedented level of innovation is an extremely ambitious undertaking and one that will strengthen our competitive position tremendously for years to come. Lastly, Ill cover our medical devices business. As I mentioned earlier, 2016 was truly a transformational year for this business. The acquisition of St. Jude represents a major strategic move that establishes Abbott with a premier medical device business comprised of cardiovascular, neuromodulation, and diabetes care. These represent some of the largest and fastest growing areas of healthcare, and we now hold leading positions in each area. In 2017, our focus will be on integrating the businesses, achieving the projected synergies and financial targets and successfully delivering on new product launches. Our integration approach will bring forward the best of both companies with a focus on creating a best-in-class cross-functional organization. In terms of synergies, we anticipate annual pre-tax synergies of $500 million by 2020, including revenue expansion opportunities as well as operational and SG&A efficiencies. Weve modeled the progression of these synergies as fairly linear over the next four years. Lastly, 2017 will be an important year for innovation across our medical device business. In our diabetes care business, growth is being driven by FreeStyle Libre, our innovative sensor-based glucose monitoring system that eliminates routine finger sticks. This system offers convenience, ease of use, and affordability, and is a truly differentiated solution for the large and growing diabetic population. In 2017, well continue to focus on driving uptake in Europe where we now have over 250,000 users. We received U.S. approval for the professional use version of Libre in the third quarter of 2016 and we look forward to bringing the consumer version of Libre to the U.S. market in the second half of this year. Other areas where the combined Abbott and St. Jude business will drive rapid growth and important new product innovations include mitral valve disease, where Abbott is the global leader in minimally invasive repair with MitraClip, and has multiple ongoing development programs in the area of mitral valve replacement. The combination with St. Jude strengthens our R&D expertise in this area and broadens our commercial presence. Atrial fibrillation, where Abbott is now the number two player in this fast growth market with a broad portfolio of products, including the recently launched EnSite Precision Mapping System. Heart failure, where Abbott is now the clear global leader in assist devices and is developing other important heart failure products with great potential to improve outcomes and reduce cost, and neuromodulation, a fast-growing device market that addresses pain and movement disorders such as Parkinsons disease. The addition of St. Jude adds multiple recently launched products that will drive continued strong growth in this business. So in summary, we delivered on our projections in 2016 and expect double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth in 2017. Our portfolio is aligned with favorable demographic trends that are driving growth in healthcare. Through a series of organic and inorganic strategic actions, weve built leading positions across all of our businesses, and our broad-based innovation pipeline has never been stronger than it is today. With these growth drivers intact, Abbott is well positioned to deliver significant growth in 2017 and the years beyond. Ill now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our 2016 results and 2017 outlook in more detail. Brian?
Brian Yoor: Okay, thanks Miles. Today we reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.65, in line with our previous expectations. Sales for the quarter increased 3.8% on an operational basis, excluding an unfavorable impact of 1% from foreign exchange. Reported sales increased 2.8% in the quarter. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 57.4% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 6.3% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 28.3% of sales, all in line with previous guidance. Overall as we look back at 2016, we achieved our financial objectives for the year, including mid-single digit operational sales growth and margin improvement to once again deliver double-digit underlying adjusted earnings growth. Turning to our outlook for the full year 2017, today we issued guidance for adjusted earnings per share of $2.40 to $2.50, which reflects double-digit underlying growth of Abbotts base business, accretion from the acquisition of St. Jude of $0.21, the pending sale of our medical optics business which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017, and the expected unfavorable impact of foreign exchange on our operating results based on current exchange rates. In terms of our 2017 sales forecast, please note that all references to sales growth unless otherwise noted are on a comparable basis which adjusts the 2016 basis of comparison to include St. Judes 2016 results adjusted for the recent sale of its vascular closure business, and excludes sales of our medical optics business. On this basis, our 2016 sales baseline would be $25.4 billion, and we forecast comparable operational sales growth in the mid single digits for the full year 2017. Based on current exchange rates, we expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 2.5% on our full year comparable reported sales. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 60% of sales for the full year, which reflects the profitability mix of Abbott and St. Jude as well as underlying gross margin improvement across our integrated business. We forecast adjusted R&D investment for the combined businesses of somewhat above 7.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of approximately 30% of sales, which includes expense synergies associated with the addition of St. Jude. We forecast net interest expense of around $700 million. The increase over 2016 reflects debt-related interest expense associated with the St. Jude transaction, partially offset by deployment of proceeds from the sale of St. Judes vascular closure business and the pending sale of our medical optics business. We forecast a loss of approximately $15 million on the exchange gain/loss line of the P&L for the full year 2017, and we forecast around $45 million of non-operating expense. Lastly, we forecast an adjusted tax rate of around 16.5% for the full year 2017. The 2017 adjusted tax rate is lower than our historical adjusted tax rate of somewhat above 18.5% which reflects the tax deductibility of the higher interest expense that I discussed earlier. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter of 2017, we forecast an adjusted earnings per share of $0.42 to $0.44. As you would expect, synergies associated with the St. Jude acquisition are expected to ramp as we progress through the year. We forecast comparable operational sales growth in the low single digits and at current exchange rates wed expect a negative impact from exchange of around 1.5%, resulting in low single digit comparable reported sales growth for the first quarter 2017. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 59.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of somewhat above 8% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense of around 33% of sales. Lastly, we forecast net interest expense of around $210 million in the first quarter. Before we open the call for questions, Ill now provide a quick overview of our full year and first quarter operational sales growth outlook by business. For established pharmaceuticals, we forecast high single digit operational sales growth for the full year 2017 with balanced above-market growth across our key emerging markets, and we forecast low to mid-single digit growth for the first quarter. In nutrition, we forecast operational sales growth in the low to mid-single digits for the full year 2017, and relatively flat sales growth for the first quarter with expected sequential improvement in growth rates as we progress through the year. In diagnostics, we forecast operational sales growth above mid-single digits for the full year 2017 driven by continued above-market performance in the U.S. and international markets, and we forecast low to mid-single growth for the first quarter. In diabetes care, we forecast double-digit operational sales growth for both the full year and first quarter, driven by continued strong market uptake of FreeStyle Libre. Lastly, Abbots legacy vascular business and St. Jude have been combined into our cardiovascular and neuromodulation business. Yesterday, we issued an 8-K that provides comparable quarterly unaudited sales for the first nine months of 2016 which assumes that St. Jude was part of Abbott in 2016. This morning, we provided an additional 8-K to update the comparable quarterly unaudited sales to include the fourth quarter of 2016. For the full year 2017, we forecast comparable operational sales growth in the low to mid-single digits for this business and we forecast comparable operational sales growth in the low single digits for the first quarter. With that, we will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Weinstein from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Mike Weinstein: Thank you. Can you hear me okay?
Miles White: Yes.
Mike Weinstein: Okay, perfect. Good morning, Miles. A couple things I wanted to touch on first. So one, can you talk about the St. Jude performance in the fourth quarter? The St. Jude CRM sales ended up coming in below, it looks like, the streets expectations, and the guidance for the first quarter seems to suggest that that business is still struggling from the recalls they had in the third quarter. So if you could touch on the St. Jude performance and then the outlook there. Then second, the overall business, the expectation I think that Brian laid out was that the business would grow operationally low single digits in the first quarter, but then get to mid-single digits for the year. So if you could just walk us through that, thatd be great. Thanks.
Miles White: Okay, first comment on St. Jude fourth quarter, CRM I think has continued to struggle. I mean, we can see that in the sales and the share and so forth. I expect that to be rectified imminently here, shortly. The good news is weve seen in other markets around the world when theyve gotten their MRI claim, they have recovered and restored whatever position they have lost. Thats obviously been an overhang for them for this last year and the fourth quarter was no exception. So the good news is we expect that very shortly, but your observation about it was correct. Ill turn to Brian here for a little bit of underlying detail on your second question.
Brian Yoor: Sure, Mike. A step-up in sales throughout the year is simply what Miles message is - the stabilization of the CRM that we just talked about on the MRI claim, but also the opportunity to penetrate the accounts that we have with the combined businesses together is another contributor as we go to the market with a much broader presence of products as we call on the various accounts. Also, youll note that they had some nice approvals that we talked about with EnSite Precision, a key driver of growth in atrial fibrillation which has been growing in the double digits. We expect a lot of continued strong growth here, and theres also a couple key catalysts here that were expecting as we move through the year, one being Confirm, which is in the heart failure space with atrial fibrillation - we expect that to be a unique contributor for the patients who have atrial fibrillation, and then also the continued contribution of neuromodulation. They recently had the Verse [ph] technology, which has had a lot of success and we expect that to continue, and then that for deep brain stimulation as well. Finally, theres one more catalyst, and thats HeartMate 3. Its been doing really well in Europe. Theyre the leader there. We do expect an approval of HeartMate 3 in the U.S. as we move through 2017, and that would be a contributor on the back half.
Mike Weinstein: Okay, and then just quickly on your bridge, if you would Brian, the assumed impact from both FX and from the AMO divestiture for 2017?
Brian Yoor: Yes, the assumed--again, on a comparable reported sales basis, which Scott--and we filed an 8-K this morning, its 2.5% of sales on a comparable basis, and then the AMO business will likely have sales in the first quarter of no more than a couple hundred million dollars. But as you recall, the full year was about $1.2 billion.
Mike Weinstein: Sorry, I meant EPS.
Brian Yoor: Oh, on the earnings per share? De minimis, Michael, on AMO. It typically is not a big earner in the first quarter just based on the pattern of spending; and again, if there is a little de minimis contribution, that also plays into the moving parts of where were offsetting the dilution that were seeing from the vascular closure divestiture.
Mike Weinstein: Im sorry, Brian, I was talking about the full year bridge for 2017, so the FX headwind I think in our modeling, we were at about $0.08 for FX for the full year. Is that close--
Brian Yoor: Youre in the range. You might be a little bit north of that, Mike. We are probably closer to a dime.
Mike Weinstein: Okay, and the AMO divestiture, is that still about $0.11?
Brian Yoor: Youre right, Mike, and remember this offset to--the AMO divestiture is $0.11, but were deploying proceeds, so the net is $0.07. That is a complete wash with otherwise what we had a long time ago with our general purpose financing, which was also negative $0.07.
Mike Weinstein: Understood, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Taylor from Barclays. Your line is open.
Matt Taylor: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to explore, I guess, some of the trends in nutrition, because you talked about improvement throughout the year as well there, too. So obviously we know about some of the challenges that you had in China last quarter, and you had some puts and takes in the results this quarter. Can you walk us through your assumptions for how China fares for the early part of the year until you lap your comps, and then what else is driving that improvement in nutrition?
Scott Leinenweber: Hi Matt, this is Scott. Ill touch on it very quickly. As you know, market conditions continued to remain relatively challenging in China for all competitors. It is a market dynamic. We do expect as we go through the year, our performance in that business to improve. Certainly as we start to lap through some of the impacts that we started to feel in the third and fourth quarter here of 2016, youll see some natural improvement but we also expect our business to improve as well. If you go outside of China, though, really theres been nice performance in Latin American and in Southeast Asia. We continue to perform very well in the U.S. on the pediatric side of the business, and then obviously as you know, optically our results have looked a bit suppressed because of our scale-down in Venezuela, so our results and our performance in 2016 actually are a little bit higher than the print would indicate there as well. So we have a number of initiatives in place in China. Were well prepared and understand the situation on the ground, and well work our way through it at the beginning of this year and we expect our growth rates there to improve throughout the year.
Matt Taylor: Great, then just one follow-up on that earlier CRM question. Just because MRI is such a big deal, can you talk about why you have confidence that, I guess, the pacemaker approval could be imminent, and can you give us any update on the timeline for your high power expectation for the timing of that approval in the U.S.?
Scott Leinenweber: Yes, so Ill touch base on the high power piece initially. So our updates on that are it will be later in the year. Were looking at about the fourth quarter there for both of those high power devices. The pacemaker piece, we think is a little bit more imminent. Weve had ongoing discussions with the FDA on that front and we feel like that one is right around the corner and should start to contribute here fairly early in the year, but the other two will be second half of 17 items.
Matt Taylor: Great, thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rick Wise from Stifel. Your line is open.
Rick Wise: Good morning everybody. Hello Miles. Its hard to resist asking you a bigger picture question. Obviously were witnessing what could be dramatic political policy changes in Washington. [Indiscernible] it seems like a lot could have potentially positive impacts on Abbott, but theres some worrisome things as well - hospital capital spending uncertainty post-ACA changes, trade agreements--especially with some of the trade agreement changes. Its hard, again, to resist asking you, how are you thinking about some of these issues? Are you concerned that this is all going to be a net plus or a negative? How are you adapting, et cetera, especially given your significant OUS exposure?
Miles White: You know, its hard to speculate. Id say in general Im optimistic, and Id say for a number of reasons. Some of the things that have been talked about wont necessarily directly affect us. They may affect a number of multinationals. Obviously our new administration is pro-business, but theres a lot of moving parts in that, as you know. The things I look for that might affect us, I think early on, I think were all waiting to see if theres a tax reform package that would allow us the ability to access overseas cash and repatriate cash, et cetera. I think that would make a big difference for a lot of multinationals. I dont really expect to see any changes in the Affordable Care Act directly affect us as much as I think theyll affect other segments of the healthcare industry or business, and I think a lot of the effort will be pointed at other segments more than the spaces were in. At least as far as that is impacted, were primarily a diagnostic device company in the United States, so I think that to some degree, some of that impact could be favorable for us. The other things that I watch going forward is policies that affect strong dollar-weak dollar - you know, strength of currencies and so on, because were so geographically diverse internationally. I mean, I think one of the benefits - its not the primary benefit - but one of the benefits of the St. Jude acquisition is it does spread and balance us into developed market currencies a little more than we have been, and in general Id like to see stability in the currency markets for us relative to the dollar, which has been a headwind for us for at least four years now. I think that will affect all multinationals. So you know, while theres a lot of uncertainty around the various things that this administration appears to be making priorities out of, Id say that there are relatively few that would impact us early on, and I think the impact is likely to be favorable, that being primarily tax and/or cash access.
Rick Wise: Turning to a cash flow question, maybe Brian, youd want to talk about the cash flow outlook post-the St. Jude deal, and maybe any stepped up initiatives to focus even more on even better cash generation potential and help us think what that might mean for debt pay down over the next couple of years and your targets there.
Miles White: Brian is point at me to take that question, Rick. You know, there is a stepped up emphasis on cash flow, definitely, and Id say weve always been a pretty strong cash flow generator. We balance our use of cash, as you know, among internal capex, dividend, share repurchase, M&A activity, and so forth. Obviously for the next little while, were not going to be putting a lot of emphasis into M&A. Were going to hold back on magnitude of share repurchase, et cetera. Were maintaining our dividend, growing it a bit, and a lot of emphasis will be put on, Id say, rapid pay down or reduction of debt. I think thats kind of a prudent place to be for the nearest term, so were being very, very prudent about cash use, cash flow, et cetera internally. I think we can do that for a while here and put ourselves back in a range where I think a conservative financial company like us would be, and get back to kind of the normal balance. You know, weve slowed the growth of the dividend. Will we restore that? We will, but we want to get to some targets, some leverage targets first, and we want to get there rapidly. So you know, not only in terms of our internal investments and so forth that weve across the board got a very emphasis on freeing and generating cash, and Id say generally when weve had even a little bit of emphasis on that in the past, weve done very well, so that definitely is getting a lot of attention right now.
Rick Wise: Just one last quick one from me on Libre. Libre is off to a clearly brilliant start in Europe, and youve said, I think, second half 17 filing in the U.S. How do we think about growth from here and what kind of label youre hoping for to drive U.S. adoption of the technology? Thanks.
Miles White: Well, its already filed, but its--you know, I have to say, to be honest, the FDA has shifted sand on us a couple times here, so consequently were seeking both claims, replacement claim and adjunctive claim. Were going parallel path on this, and I think that the performance of the product thus far ex-U.S., Europe and other countries, has been frankly excellent and does have replacement claim and so forth. I think the potential for the U.S. is extraordinary, and I think not only is the product itself an extraordinary product, but I think its value proposition is unparalleled. So--and I think the reason weve been able to get reimbursement in Europe and drive uptake as much as we have owes to the fact that governments there recognize the value proposition in the product as not only impact for patients but impact on the cost to the healthcare system. So Id say at this point, I clearly cant predict what the FDAs timelines and so forth are going to be here, but were upbeat about the potential for it.
Rick Wise: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Glenn Novarro: Good morning, guys. Just a follow-up on the MRI ICD. Last year, St. Jude was telling the street approval, I think somewhere around the second quarter of 2017. Youre now saying kind of fourth quarter of 2017. Can you talk to us about whats creating this delay, whats the hold-up at the FDA?
Miles White: You know, I think youre referencing--I think youre confusing two different products possibly here, which is high voltage versus low voltage. In effect, were telling you now we expect the low voltage, which is the primary bulk of use, imminently here, which you could read first quarter, not second quarter, and high voltage later in the year. Two different areas.
Scott Leinenweber: Yes, Id just add to that as well. Obviously weve been working with them on the low voltage piece. Theres a bit of a gating factor and [indiscernible] generally run in parallel as well, so those discussions overlap and the process overlaps for a period as well, so theres some sequencing to that. I will say on all of these timing items that I gave [indiscernible], all of those were contemplated along those lines in our deal model, so theres nothing different in our deal model relative to those timelines.
Glenn Novarro: Okay, all right. I guess for some reason, I thought they were assuming a 4Q16 pacemaker MRI safe approval, and a 2Q17 MRI safe ICE approval. But let me just ask you one other question. The cash proceeds that youre getting from selling the medical optics business to J&J and the cash proceeds that youve received from the asset sales to Terumo, have you applied that to your 2017 guide; in other words, are the cash proceeds being used to pay down debt or are we waiting to get more clarity on Alere? Thanks.
Miles White: No, were not waiting for more clarity. Weve pretty much applied it to our entire borrowing scheme, et cetera. No surprise, weve been able--you know, as we went into this, we had planned for many different paths and outcomes, so its contemplated in our financing.
Glenn Novarro: Okay, great. Thanks for the clarity, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. First on EPB and diagnostics, the Q4 guidance was a little softer than the full year 2017 guidance. Can you talk about whats driving that and what drives the acceleration? And just second for me, Brian, can you talk a little bit about the margin profile of the company beyond 2017? The guidance you gave for this year implied, if my math is right, about a 22% operating margin and a better gross margin than we expected. Just a little color on how to think about the margins going forward, thanks.
Brian Yoor: Sure. Larry, I assume when youre talking about established pharma, youre referring to the Q1 guidance, and it is a little bit low. In 2016 it was the last, and it was just the timing of when these shipments are received of some essential medicines into Venezuela, so thats just causing the last of our quarters of comps here. Theyll step up right to the growth rates weve been accustomed to seeing for several quarters now, which has been high single, even double digits based on the strength of this business. Thats with respect to EPB. With respect to the margin and how to think about it, there definitely is the impact of bringing in St. Jude into the mix, and that provides some natural accretion there. Youre probably in a very tight range there with what you referenced in terms of a profile of 22%. I think of the expansion over 16 being roughly half mix, but also synergies. Keep in mind were going to improve the profiles that historically St. Jude have had, and those will ramp significantly in Q2 and even further from there as we move through the year. Then finally, gross margin, as you know, and operating margin has always been a focus for us, and if you want to deliver double-digit underlying base earnings growth, youre going to be naturally in that 70 to 80 BPs of range based on mid-single digit top line growth.
Larry Biegelsen: Brian, thanks for that. On the diagnostic business, I didnt hear you comment as to why--I mean, if I heard the guidance correctly, you expect low to mid-single digits in Q1, but greater than mid-single digits for the full year. If you could just comment on that, thatd be great, and thats it for me. Thanks guys.
Scott Leinenweber: Yes Larry, what we anticipate in diagnostics, which as Miles mentioned in his prepared remarks had some really strong growth, in particular as we hit the second half to the year and Alinity really starts to gain some traction and we gain access to some contracts on that front, so theres some natural strength there in the back half of the year. In the first half of the year, the first quarter what youre seeing, to Brians point on EPD, there was a smidgen of Venezuela in the first quarter of 2016 in diagnostics, and youre also seeing some of that last scale-down within our genetics business which is well known and as expected in our molecular diagnostics business as well. So its more of a comparable item there. The underlying strength of that business is strong, and it will actually pick up steam as we head out through the year.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking my questions, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Kristen Stewart: Hi, just a modeling question then a big picture question. For the interest expense line item, I think youre modeling about $700 million for the full year. That does include, I think, some of the debt that was taken out for Alere. What are you assuming with that for the balance of the year in terms of redeployment? Is that assuming going down to pay down debt or share repurchase, or how should we just think about that to the extent Alere does come or doesnt come in, in terms of accretion?
Brian Yoor: Yes Kristen, the way to think about the build of the 700 is we took out $15 million of debt for the St. Jude transaction, and I think that was somewhere around 3.75%. Keep in mind, too, were also assuming some debt from St. Jude as well - that was a contributor to the addition of debt, and we just had our ongoing normal debt that had interest on it for Abbott. When you add all those things up, and then to Miles point say that we said weve contemplated the deployment of proceeds from the divestitures that we earlier talked about, thats how you net out to the 700.
Kristen Stewart: Okay, great, and then I guess big picture for Miles, youd mentioned obviously earlier in your remarks, this is a significant year of shaping for Abbott. Certainly I think we can all agree to that - its been several years of shaping. As you look over the next three to five years, how do you just think about Abbott overall? Is it likely that well see another kind of reshaping of the mix, any thoughts on further divestitures of the businesses or potential, I guess, break-ups? I know youre obviously putting a lot in in 2017 here, but I guess how do you just think about the evolving healthcare environment and kind of macro environment now, relative to the mix of your businesses? Thanks.
Miles White: Well, Ill put this in a little bit of context. When we spun off AbbVie, which has now been four years ago, there was a lot of, call it post-separation, call it clean up to do. We had to take the attendant overhead in the company down, finish the back office separations and so forth with AbbVie, and as you know, we did want to reshape some of our portfolio. We sold the developed market generic drug business to Mylan and we acquired CFR and Veropharm, so we made a number of moves that we think positioned the EPB business very strongly. We had great organic internal investment in diagnostics and strong business that really wouldnt benefit from a lot of M&A in nutrition, and the weaker part of the company that got attention from analysts, investors and others that we believe needed strengthening as a fourth leg of the company was medical devices. With the St. Jude acquisition, we think weve pretty directly addressed that, and having placed our investment on the cardiovascular health segment, which we believe is pretty important, we determined we didnt have the same opportunity in medical optics to build and add on and grow onto that, like in this case J&J would, so we divested that. Now at this point, having made all those significant changes, we look at the company and say, weve got four very strong sectors that are very well positioned in their respective product markets and their respective geographic markets. Our challenge, or at least opportunity now looking forward for the next few years is integrate St. Jude and, frankly, focus on the organic pipelines of new products coming, and execute so that we can see the growth benefit of the strength of these four segments around the world, so in their various segments want to see the growth out of ADD for all these new systems, we want to see the growth out of St. Jude in our vascular business for their new products. Obviously the same with EPB, which has got a very good sustained growth track, and same with our nutrition business. So Id say were going to be focused pretty operationally here for the next several years. Thats our intent. I think when you go through a phase where youve made a number of transactions, people get very transaction focused, and were still an operating company. Thats what we intend to be here, is an operating company, and operate them very well and grow the targets that weve grown. Weve always had double-digit earnings targets and weve positioned ourselves in growth markets, both product and geographically for the purpose of sustaining that identity for investors to be double-digit earnings growers and so forth. With the new product pipelines and the strategic positioning of the company, I think were extremely well positioned to deliver on that, so thats going to be our focus for the next few years.
Kristen Stewart: Okay, and youve certainly made a lot of individual purchases in the stock, so clearly I guess that expresses your view on what the future holds.
Miles White: Id say it very much expresses my view on what the future holds. You know, you always hear these comments about alignment with your shareholders. I am a shareholder, and I believe that the stock represents excellent value, and thats why I bought the shares.
Kristen Stewart: Perfect, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Bob Hopkins: Hi, thanks very much for taking the questions. Can you hear me okay?
Miles White: Yes.
Bob Hopkins: Great, good morning. So first question is, I just wanted to make sure I understand the fourth quarter growth rates in a little bit more detail. Would you be willing to give us the--you know, what was the core legacy Abbott growth rate this quarter ex-Venezuela? I know it was 3.8% organically, but how much did Venezuela detract from that?
Brian Yoor: Yes, our core growth rate excluding Venezuela would have been around 5%.
Bob Hopkins: Okay, so--and most of that drag goes away in Q1?
Brian Yoor: Well as we discussed earlier, well have bits and pieces in EPB mainly, but then were through it.
Bob Hopkins: Okay, and then two other quick things. I was wondering if you could give us for the fourth quarter, what was the legacy growth rate of St. Judes revenue base, kind of ex-divestitures. I was just curious what a clean revenue growth rate was for St. Jude in the fourth quarter.
Brian Yoor: Yes, so a clean growth rate, it was in the low single digits, on the upper end of that around 2.5% or so. You know, we expect obviously as we go through the year with some of the launches, with the approvals on the MRI side, with EnSite Precision and some of these other innovations that are coming, as well as with some of the modest revenue synergies that we have baked in initially, that will ramp over time, that the St. Jude combined business with ours should accelerate growth here in 2017 over 16.
Bob Hopkins: And then just lastly, really quickly on 2017, two quick things. One, the EPS guidance for the first half was a little bit below where the street was. Can you help us understand the cadence of the earnings power over the course of the year, like maybe what percentage of their earnings is in the back half, just given that Q1 number was a little bit below what we were thinking? And then also, I was just wondering if you could give us your view on Abbotts opinion of the outlook for the growth rate of the ICD market as we look forward into 2017, given that thats been obviously challenged of late. Thank you.
Brian Yoor: Let me take the first one here, Bob. I think its safe to assume that youre going to have greater than 50% on the back half of the year, and also contemplated in that is the benefit of this financing also that we talked about. The combination of that, the deployment of our proceeds to generate benefit and synergies ramp is just going to naturally put you into a stronger second half versus the first half. The other thing in the first quarter Id just note is that when you think about the FX impact, it has a modestly heavier impact on Q1 relative to the other quarters, so we feel comfortable with this ramp, we know the pieces are in place, some of them are just simply comps.
Bob Hopkins: And then on ICDs?
Brian Yoor: Yes, we expect that market to be relatively flat as an overall market, which would be a little bit of price down offset by some modest volume.
Bob Hopkins: Thanks very much for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Lewis: Good morning. Maybe two quick ones for Brian and then one strategic question for Miles. Brian, I have two questions. Its been a long time since we got the first synergy number - almost a year. Any greater clarity, kind of post-close of St. Jude, how youre thinking about that synergy number, either the mix of revenue or cost synergies, the absolute size of that number, and the cadence over the next couple years?
Brian Yoor: Yes David, nothing really. We said it was going to be linear, fairly linear. We talked about the mix being heavier on the SG&A side initially and then the revenues ramping over time. Id say the difference about us versus just putting a revenue--or excuse me, a fully synergy number out there is we go out and identify these relatively fast as part of our normal acquisition due diligence, so those are well in place, theyre in plans to be executed. We hope to do a little better maybe in the first year than what we said in linear, but well see how that plays out over the year.
David Lewis: Okay, and I know you and Miles both stressed free cash flow earlier on in the call. Is there any kind of target, either in 17 or 18, as a percent of net income we should be thinking about in terms of free cash? Thats a question for Brian. And then Miles, I just think given what happened earlier this week, its pretty interesting - the two best consumer-oriented device companies were probably yourselves and J&J, and theyre buying one of your consumer-based franchises but they announced they want to get out of their other consumer-facing diabetes franchise. Can you just talk about how you see the diabetes franchise going forward and why you think thats the right consumer franchise for Abbott to stay in, versus ophthalmology where you made a different decision? So those two, and Ill jump back in queue. Thank you.
Miles White: Yes, I would say were in kind of a unique position relative to a lot of the traditional competitors in this space in diabetic glucose monitoring. In the past, the four major competitors there, and theres always--theres a lot of other smaller ones, its been a finger prick and a little chip business, and we have a unique position here with Libre that is a completely different product that eliminates the need for that finger stick and gives a continuous glucose read thats, frankly, impactful for the patient, both Type 2 and Type 1 in a very different way. I think that puts us in a unique position to see a transformation of that market and to benefit from it, if not lead it. Others dont have that, and I think that the competition in what Ill call the traditional part of the market and the commodity nature of it, the economics of it have clearly changed negatively in the past couple of years. Ironically, J&J kind of led that, and in our case weve got a different position with Libre that I think gives us a unique platform to benefit as one of the disruptors. Going forward, I believe that platform has possible utility for us in other testing segments, so in our case we see a growing business that as we replace the traditional finger stick business, not only ours but others, I think theres an opportunity there thats a real growth opportunity and a very valuable one.
David Lewis: Okay, and Brian, just on free cash? Is there a decent percentage to think about, maybe this year or next year as a percent of net income that the free cash generation can be?
Brian Yoor: Yes David, let me provide some context too. I think you saw our cash flow from 2015. I think with all the things that Miles mentioned [indiscernible], you should expect to see a little bit of a step-up when you get to the K in 16, showing the step function of the efforts were making here on free cash. You know, its tough to completely model out what the ongoing sustainable, Ill say, free cash flow conversion is to net income in the early years with an integration, but if you look at St. Jude, they are a very powerful cash earner. Were excited about bringing that into the portfolio. If you take away the one-time things that are transitory, David, that go with an integration, be that expense or capital that bears fruit long-term, well probably be in that competitive range that you see others, probably somewhere in that 70% to 80% range. Thats probably what wed target.
David Lewis: Great, thank you so much.
Scott Leinenweber: Operator, well take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Matt Miksic from UBS. Your line is open.
Matt Miksic: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in. So just one follow-up here. I know theres been a number of questions on MRI and St. Jude, but maybe just a couple of clarifications, if I could. We hear some different expectations in the field around these low power pacer leads, and if you could just clarify whether this is a new lead system youre waiting on, which was our original understanding, or whether we should expect the pending approvals to relate to labeling on existing leads? Its a nuance that obviously could make a difference as we think about the ramp. And I have one follow-up.
Miles White: Okay. Yes, our initial expectation will be a new lead, and I think thats a strong position for us, we like that. But we are also seeking approval on the existing lead so that we can provide that as well for existing patients, but I think going forward we like the notion of new lead and so we expect the initial approval here to be that.
Matt Miksic: Great, and then the follow-up, Miles or Scott, if I could, on EPB. One of the things that we get often, questions we get often is just around the sustainability of this growth that youve seen - impressive sort of high single, low double digit. Itd be helpful if you could shed some light on maybe what we can--the drivers of that business, how we can think about sustainability, what potential future growth drivers could be to carry this into 18 or beyond would be very helpful.
Scott Leinenweber: Yes Matt, this is Scott. You know, that business has been delivering at a high level here fairly consistently for years, quite frankly, since its been reshaped. You know, the demographics in these markets are aligned with growth for the long term. The model that we operate, quite frankly, is quite unique. Theres not another multinational company or a local company, quite frankly, that operates the model that we operate with the variety of shareholders, including the trade channel, which is a very powerful channel for us. So given the demographics and the model we operate and the strong brands that we have, we see this growth rate as highly sustainable over the long term.
Matt Miksic: And thats through sort of--is it portfolio expansion of that product? Is it also geographic expansion on that sort of core model that youre describing?
Miles White: Youve got several drivers of growth, Matt. Its first of all the call it growth or emergence of a middle class in a lot of emerging markets. Remember, this business is 100% focused in what characterize as emerging markets, and the middle class income growth and the growth of their healthcare systems alone is a major underlying growth driver. Most of these markets are not reimbursement-driven, theyre consumer driven and have a model that is both a combination of call it medically driven through the physician or consumer driven through the patient and the pharmacist. So all the drivers of that growth and the distribution structure and so forth say this has got strong underlying growth. Id say its target rich for geographic expansion in addition, and beyond that portfolio expansion, so a lot of our organic effort internally is driven toward expansion of key therapeutic areas, expansion of product, formulation innovation on product, and distribution management. In a lot of these countries where we are the leader, were a leader with not that big a share, so you get all the benefits of being the leader on the shelf, the leader in distribution, the leader in breadth, et cetera, with a lot of potential expansion and share gain as well. So all of the various factors that would drive growth are pretty favorable in these geographies and product areas that weve targeted.
Matt Miksic: Thats great, thank you.
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, Operator, and thank you for all of your questions. That concludes Abbotts conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 am Central time today on Abbots Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com, and after 11:00 am Central time via phone at 404-537-3406, pass code 35472887. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 pm Central time on Wednesday, February 8. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-19 16:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration; and Brian Yoor, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Brian will discuss our performance in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Tom, Brian and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2016. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to the risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that third quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS, and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. As you recall, Abbott issued a press release on April 28, 2016 announcing the transaction with St. Jude Medical and a related press release on October 18, 2016. Please refer to those releases for additional important information about Abbott, St. Jude, and related matters. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, Scott. Good morning. Today we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.59 at the high end of our guidance range. We also raised the midpoint of our 2016 adjusted earnings per share guidance and narrowed the range to $2.19 to $2.21, exceeding the initial guidance we set at the beginning of the year. Sales increased 4% in the quarter or more than 5.5%, excluding the impact of Venezuela. Growth was led by strong performance in established pharmaceuticals and medical devices. We achieved our expectations overall and our pipeline continued to deliver a steady cadence of new product approvals and launches that are contributing to growth. At the same time, we continued to actively and strategically shape our portfolio. In September, we took the next logical step in shaping our medical device business with the announcement that we will sell our medical optics business to J&J. This action is in line with our strategic decision to sharpen our focus on building leadership in cardiovascular devices. I will now briefly review our third quarter results. And I will start with diagnostics, where we achieved sales growth of 5.5% in the quarter, driven by continued above-market performance in core laboratory and point-of-care diagnostics. In August, at the American Association for Clinical Chemistry Conference, we unveiled our next-generation suite of instruments called Alinity. The Alinity suite includes new instruments for every segment of the diagnostics market in which we compete. Over the next few months, we will launch new systems for point of care, immunoassay testing, clinical chemistry, and blood screening in Europe. Over time, we will introduce additional systems and launch the full Alinity suite into additional geographies providing a highly differentiated platform for sustainable, long-term growth. In nutrition, sales declined 1% in the quarter, below our expectations due to soft performance in China pediatric nutrition. As you may recall, I expressed caution on the near term Outlook in China in our last earnings call. Over the last few months, market conditions have remained challenging there, including rapid channel shifts and new safety regulations that are driving an oversupply of product in the market and aggressive levels of discounting. Although conditions are expected to remain challenging in the near-term, the long-term fundamentals of the market remain attractive. We have right portfolio of products for the various channels and the best-in-class global supply network. We have also continued to focus on strengthening our competitiveness in order to deliver growth over the long term. Outside of China, we continued to perform well in Southeast Asia and Latin America and again achieved above market growth in U.S. pediatric nutrition. In medical devices, sales growth in our vascular business was led by double-digit growth of MitraClip, our market-leading device for the minimally invasive treatment of mitral regurgitation and high single-digit growth in endovascular products, driven by vessel closure products and Supera, our unique stent for the treatment of blockages in the leg. During the quarter, we received FDA approval for Absorb, the only fully dissolving vascular stent and an important addition to our drug-eluting stent portfolio. In diabetes care, international sales growth of more than 20% was driven by continued consumer uptake of our revolutionary FreeStyle Libre system in Europe. In September, we received FDA approval for our FreeStyle Libre Pro system in the United States. Libre Pro will help healthcare professionals make better, customized treatment decisions for their patients and at a significantly lower cost than other professional continuous glucose monitoring systems. We also submitted the consumer version of the FreeStyle Libre system for FDA review during the quarter. This system is designed to eliminate the need for routine fingersticks and provides glucose data in a simple format that allows people with diabetes to achieve better health outcomes. And in established pharmaceuticals or EPD, sales grew 9% in the quarter. Double-digit growth in key emerging markets was led by strong growth in India, China, and Latin America. EPD continues to execute at a very high level and remains well aligned with the fundamentals driving long-term growth in emerging markets, a rising middle-class, improving access to healthcare, and consumers that are seeking and willing to pay for high-quality brands. So in summary, we achieved our financial expectations for the quarter and our diverse business model continues to deliver reliable growth. We continued to advance our leadership and competitive position through several new product approvals and launches across our businesses, and we continued to take strategic steps to shape our portfolio building leadership positions for long-term growth. I will now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our results and outlook for the year in more detail. Brian?
Brian Yoor: Okay. Thank you, Miles. Sales for the quarter increased 4% on an operational basis. That is excluding an unfavorable impact of 1.1% from foreign exchange. Reported sales increased 2.9% in the quarter. Regarding other aspects of the P&L, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 57.3% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 6.2% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was 29.7% of sales, in line with our prior guidance. Turning to our outlook for the full year 2016. We narrowed our adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $2.19 to $2.21. The midpoint of our guidance range reflects double-digit underlying growth offset by the impact of foreign exchange on our operating results. We continue to forecast operational sales growth in the mid-single digits for the full year 2016. Based on current exchange rates, we expect exchange to have a negative impact somewhat above 2% on our full-year reported sales. This would result in reported sales growth in the low-single digits for the full year 2016. We continue to forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 57% of sales for the full year, which includes underlying gross margin improvement initiatives across our businesses. We also continue to forecast adjusted R&D investment of around 6.5% of sales and adjusted SGA expense approaching 31% of sales for the full year. Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2016. We forecast adjusted earnings per share of $0.64 to $0.66, again reflecting double-digit underlying growth. We forecast operational sales growth of mid single-digits in the fourth quarter. We have now annualized the significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar that began late in the second quarter of last year and at current exchange rates, we expect a favorable impact to sales from exchange of somewhat more than 50 basis points in the fourth quarter. Turning to other aspects of the P&L for the fourth quarter. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio somewhat above 57%, adjusted R&D investments somewhat above 6.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 28% of sales. And finally, we project specified items of $0.25 in the fourth quarter. Before we open the call for questions, I will now provide a quick summary of our fourth quarter operational sales growth outlook by business. For established pharmaceuticals, we forecast high single-digit sales growth. In nutrition, we forecast sales growth similar to the third quarter. In diagnostics, we forecast mid-single-digit growth. And lastly, in our medical devices business, for vascular, we forecast mid-single-digit sales growth. In diabetes care, we forecast double-digit sales growth. And in medical optics, we forecast low to mid single-digit sales growth. With that, we will now open the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mike Weinstein: Good morning guys and thanks for taking the questions. Let me start with nutritionals, Miles. That's now your challenged businesses, so to speak. Could you just spend a few more minutes on China, what you see playing out in that market and how much of what's playing out today is transient versus a longer-term, more structural change?
Miles White: I will try to. I would say the market in China has been in a bit of a transition for a number of months, it would appear, maybe even a little more , and it depends on who you are and what channels you are in, and so forth, depending how it affects you. We expected this year to see 7% to 8% growth in China, slightly above the GDP growth, et cetera, and what we are seeing now is flat-to-low single digits and I think some of our competitors have reported the same, so weve gotten some triangulation on just underlying market growth rate, but beyond that a number of dynamics are at work there. There's some pretty rapid channel shift from traditional channels, like modern trade to various e-commerce channels and so forth. And I don't think that's surprised anybody in terms of just overall trends. But the speed and magnitude of it, I think, has hit China differently than what you would see in the U.S. or other countries. And so that's been a pretty big chunk. In the process of that, what's happened is, some inventories have piled up in, let's say, traditional channels while the market's needs have been satisfied by e-commerce channels. And so the market has got to burn through that, I guess, to some degree. So we have seen growth slow. And in our case, there's been a loss of about 0.5 share point, we estimate. We are also seeing a fair amount of market and competitor reaction to the anticipated new food safety laws, which will become effective in a little over a year, in January of 2018. Those new laws will limit the number of brands per manufacturing plant for a competitor, et cetera. All products have to be re-registered and so on, and the government has got a number of goals for that. But I think what's at work here is, we are seeing a lot of competitors oversupply this market. And under those scenarios, you see a lot of discounting. So we are seeing that. We are seeing the discounting. We are seeing the channel shift. We are seeing slower growth there. I do think it's transitional. I do think it's transient, but I don't think it's going to be a quick adjustment. I am cautious for 2017 because I think that it's a little hard to predict the reaction of the many competitors and many brands in the market to these new food safety laws. So I think what we are seeing here could be with us for a while, but I think the long-term attractiveness of the market is definitely there because there aren't fewer moms, there aren't fewer babies, et cetera. But we are in kind of an odd transition period that I don't think was anticipated by the government's intent with its new food safety laws or frankly even the channel shift. So I know that's kind of a long-winded answer, but there's a lot of things kind of stacked up here happening at the same time. We have watched the results of some of our competitors and see that it's hit all of us, but all of us kind of differently depending on what channels we might be more prominent in. And taking that apart and trying to understand all the dynamics there, I would say, has been a key focus over the last couple of quarters here, and I think we have got a pretty good handle on what's happening, but I think it's going to be this way for several quarters.
Mike Weinstein: Understood. I am going to just ask a question about 2017. And Miles, I know you are not going to give 2017 guidance, but I just want to think about the framework for it. When we had the call to announce the St. Jude acquisition, and then on the call that you and I had back in June, you talked about the goal of the company historically of delivering double-digit underlying EPS growth. Let's just say that's 10% and that the goal for 2017 would be to try and deliver that. Then on top of it, you get the accretion from the transactions. Obviously, we don't know yet what's going to happen with Alere, but looks like St. Jude is on track to close. If we think about the base business piece of that, given that nutritionals is obviously looking weaker than it was six months ago, the device business was looking better, so there's some pluses and minuses, is the underlying business on track to deliver 10% next year? And is the right way to think about 2017, the underlying 10% plus the accretion? Or should we back off of the underlying expectations? Thanks.
Miles White: Well, I would say, first of all, you are right. It's too early to be giving 2017 guidance or even be able to be precise about it. But I would say, look, the underlying growth does continue to be strong in our businesses. Fortunately, we are very diverse, many companies, many businesses, many products, many geographies, and we are not that over-indexed in China in any particular case. So I can't say that I think the China pediatric business is going to be great growth next year but I don't think it's going to impact in a fashion the overall strength of the growth of the company globally. So I would tell you that I see the underlying growth continuing to be strong. Clearly, that will have some impact on us. But at this point, I think we are seeing great growth in our pharmaceutical business. We are in the midst of preparing to launch a number of new systems in diagnostics. FreeStyle Libre, I would say, is going gangbusters in Europe and we are looking forward to having that in the U.S. shortly. There's a lot of new product launch and approval happening. So there's a lot of drivers of growth here and frankly, I think there's a lot of growth to be seen in St. Jude as well. So I remain kind of in the same position. I know we have got a slower situation in China. But I don't see us as so over-indexed in China that that is somehow going to knock us back in a way that I can forecast for you right now that this is going to have a huge impact on the company next year. I mean, frankly, it was going to have a huge impact in a fashion, you would have seen it this quarter and we did. I mean, we have seen it in our China numbers but look at how the company performed. We exceeded our expectations yet again and owing to the strength and the diversity of the company and the strength in pharmaceuticals, the strength in medical devices. I can remember a couple of years ago, we were talking about medical devices as the weakness, not so much of the strength. So I would say the good news is we have got a lot of parts of the business that are performing well, if not better, in the midst of new product cycles and launches. And frankly, the other parts of nutrition are doing reasonably well. If you look at the U.S., which I think everybody has become accustomed to sort of ignoring in the numbers, the U.S. is having a better year than planned, better year than in a long time and it's better than solid. So there's a lot of thing happening that offset China, to some degree. So I would caution this way. I would say, look, we always start the year looking for double-digit earnings growth and yes, we will have the addition of St. Jude on top of that and as you said, Alere remains to be seen. But in any case, I am not in a position yet where I can say, No, I have got different expectations for 2017. I actually think the underlying growth continues to be strong and everything tracking according to expectations on strategic moves otherwise.
Mike Weinstein: Perfect. I will let some others jump in. Thank you, Miles.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Glenn Novarro: Thanks. Good morning guys. Miles, two questions on St. Jude. The deals are on track to close by the end of this year. But in the third quarter, you had a cybersecurity report issued. You had St. Jude issue an advisory regarding battery depletion of some of its older ICDs. So I know you have been in contact with St. Jude, but maybe talk about what gives you the confidence that these issues will not impact St. Jude's business post the deal close? And then I had a follow-up.
Miles White: Well, what I would tell you so far is I think St. Jude has handled all this pretty well, pretty thoroughly and not only in terms of they are taking it seriously their own investigations, the third-party consultants and investigators that they have worked with and employed. I have to say, they definitely put patient safety and patient credibility and physician credibility and the product performance and so forth first and that's right. And I think that they have done all the right things. They have been in great communication with us. And based on everything that we know, I don't see this impacting the close of the deal or the business long term. I have seen a lot of speculation in the press. And every time there's a product issue or a hiccup or whatever it may be, everybody wants to run to the headlines and speculate about the deal. I would say based on everything I see, the deal is going to close. And determined by the timing of regulatory approvals, it's probably going to close by year-end. And I haven't seen anything to date that would suggest otherwise. Regarding the performance of the company after that, I would say honestly, what I am most anxious for is for their MRI-compatible claim to be approved by the FDA in the U.S. And frankly, if you look at the rest of their businesses, they are all growing at a pretty healthy rate and particularly overseas. And I think their success overseas has demonstrated that when we do get their MRI-compatible claim in the U.S., that their recovery of share, recovery of growth rate, et cetera, there should be pretty strong. So I haven't changed my expectations about the performance of St. Jude going forward. And I could probably someday give you my opinion about the current circumstances with the cybersecurity claims and so forth, but I will keep my thoughts to myself right now and we will wait until the deal is closed.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. St. Jude is going to be accretive to 2017. But your accretion calculations, did it contemplate the divestitures that you just announced to Terumo? Thanks.
Miles White: Yes. In a fashion, Glenn, it has.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Taylor from Barclays. Your line is open.
MattTaylor: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to focus a little bit on the core business. We already talked about nutrition. But maybe you could just discuss some updated thoughts on how you are seeing the diagnostics business that Abbott could perform over the next few periods of the Alinity launch and how things are going in medical devices and some specifics on Absorb and MitraClip and other moving parts there.
Miles White: Okay. It's kind of a big question. Well, let me start with diagnostics. I think the diagnostics business has been one of the consistent, reliable star performers of the company. It's been good mid to higher single-digit performing overall. I mean, it does have a fair number of moving parts. The core laboratory business, that just performed exceptionally well, continues to. I think, the point of care business has. We are going through the exit of an agreement in our molecular business that we will lap in a number of months. But in any case, I think all of those businesses are performing commercially well. What I am more impressed with, with this team than anything, is that over the last four to five years, they have had an unprecedented number of systems, new diagnostic systems in development in R&D that are all beginning to launch now. And I don't think ever in the history of this industry or this business has any company attempted to develop and launch multiple new systems simultaneously across every category of its business. And our diagnostics business is, both in immunoassay, in clinical chemistry, in hematology, in blood screening, in point of care and then to be followed in molecular diagnostics. And that's an unprecedented pipeline move. We will see that roll out over years now. They are beginning of the launch in Europe. We have gotten approvals to go. So we are in an unprecedented launch phase that I think sustains the growth of the diagnostics business across the board for years to come. And no other competitor is in a position to say that. And I think that the value proposition, the performance proposition, the economic proposition of those systems was well thought out, well designed. They where unveiled and shown at the recent AACC meeting in United States to great reception. So I have nothing but high and positive expectations. Now having said that, customers will slowly, they tend to be long-term contractors. They tend to be five, seven, sometimes 10 years in contracts and in tenders and so forth. So I don't expect it to be a vertical line in terms of sales. But I think, if you think about the gradual rolling of a customer base and taking of share as tenders come due and so forth, I do expect that our diagnostics business has a long, positive trajectory ahead of it and no one else does. So I am pretty excited about that. I think they are in a uniquely strong position as we look forward and we are all pretty happy about that. It's a challenge to launch that many systems. But we are reviewing them all closely, looking at them all closely and while you all have the natural hiccups at the end of a project that you do to cost you week here and a week there, weaken the grand schemes of things as much. So I am pretty pleased with how that's going. With regard to medical devices, also pleased. And again I can start at the top. And let me mention, in medical optics, where I think the cadence of new products and the performance of our R&D team has been exceptional and particularly, even recently with the launch of the Symfony Intraocular Lenses. And while we have made a deal to sell that business to J&J, we sell it in great shape with great products, great technology. They are gaining share in the cataract and intraocular lens business. I am really pleased with what the team has been able to do there and I think that the business will be in a strategically great home at J&J. We think we got fair value for the business and we are working on the integration trends transition of that to J&J. But I think they have been innovative. They have had a great cadence of new product development over time. I realized that that's mostly to the benefit now of J&J shareholders. But the point is across our businesses, we are seeing productivity out of our R&D and new product development like we have never seen before. If I move to diabetes care, our FreeStyle Libre launch in Europe has gone well. We have over 200,000 patients now. That's a lot. And that's a really good success rate so far. We had very ambitious plans for this product. And to be honest, we are behind our plans by a month or two, but it's a fairly vertical ramp. It's a pretty high ramp. And that ramp is occurring at the trajectory we projected, but about a month or two behind what we projected and it will probably stay that way. So we are going to have a terrific performance, as you can already see in the numbers for this year and even that was behind what we had hoped. But it's not because it's not on that trajectory, it just started slower than we had planned but now it's pretty on track and we are anxious to launch the consumer version in the United States and enjoy the same sort of success here. And I think it owes to the capability of the product, the unique medical proposition of the product and frankly, the economic proposition of the product. A lot of payors and a lot of government that pay today, don't bring any new technology, bring me something more cost-effective that impacts my ability to spread my budget further and treat patients better. Well, Libre has got that in the equation in a big way. So we are looking forward to the launch of that. Our medical device business will certainly be enhanced by the addition of St. Jude. But at the same time, I think there's a lot of good things happening in our vascular business, MitraClip is going well, Supera is going well. We continue to do well in our stent business in what is otherwise not a growth business. We still remain the world leader in that category. And Absorb has been licensed and launched in the United States. So I think across in the board in diagnostics and devices, without exception, even including AMO, all these businesses have shown in the last few years real progress, tangible progress in R&D, in innovation, in developments, in meeting our timelines in a disciplined fashion, bringing new products to market and we are seeing all that roll out now and over the next couple of years. And frankly, think it will be sustained after that. Now having said that, I expect the same out of our St. Jude piece and I think there's nothing but good there. So we are pretty bullish about it.
Matt Taylor: Okay. Thanks for all the thoughts.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rick Wise from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Rick Wise: Hi. Good morning, Miles. Miles, maybe the first question, just on Alere. Obviously, there's been a lot of public noise, if you will, a lot of headlines, a lot of discussion, but I think when people ask me about it, they just want to be reassured that the long-term post-merger opportunity that you saw initially is still there. I mean, is that the way? Do you still see it as basically impact in the plug-and-play for the portfolio? Abbott diagnostics portfolio still make sense? Where are you today on Alere?
Miles White: Well, I am going to be very limited in the comments that I am willing to make about Alere, but some of that's easy to answer. So first of all, yes, there's been a lot of noise and it's come from a lot of places, not us. And it isn't prudent for us to respond to noise. I think the questions you asked are the right questions. Is the strategic fit there? Yes, it is. We like the products. We like the businesses. We have said that and I continue to say that. Is the long-term post-merger opportunity and fit there? Yes, it is and I have never wavered on that. And I believe that right now even in this minute, right. So none of that has changed for me or for us. I believe I just told you how great I think our diagnostics business is doing. Do I think that the Alere businesses are a good fit to expand that footprint and especially our point of care business? I do. Yes. I have had no change in my view strategically that way at all.
Rick Wise: Okay. So turning to a different topic. Back to China briefly in nutritionals, a couple of parts to the question. Am I right in thinking that China pediatric is 3% or less of sales? Does it get worse in 2017 from here? Or are you where you are and yes, it will take a year or so to work through? And maybe two last aspects of the question. knowing you and the way your hands on approach to management, maybe are there things that you can do to maybe mitigate some of the near-term challenges? And maybe last related to all this, is the long-term outlook and how confident are you that the excellent performance in Latin America and Southeast Asia is a sustainable offset in these next few quarters as we sort of get ready for 2018 in China? Thanks Miles.
Miles White: Are we talking just nutrition there, Rick?
Rick Wise: Yes. Thank you.
Miles White: Yes. Okay. There's a lot there. Yes. China, I think, is about 3% of overall sales. Now that said, yes, it's a small part of the company as a whole. Nevertheless, it's an important business. It's a big business. It's a business we pay a lot of attention to. Frankly, China is an important country for us for a lot of our businesses. But it is true that in the grand scheme of Abbott, as China pediatric goes, the company isn't necessarily going to be driven by just that. So we think all of our businesses, particularly large ones and that's a large one, are important, but the diversity of the company and the size of the company, obviously, absorb shock when it happens in other parts of the company. So to your question about, are we hands on mitigating and dealing with what we think we can do with the challenges? Yes, we are. The EVP of that business is spending a lot of time in China. We have made some management and leadership changes in China in a proactive way to enhance our management, our experience, our knowledge, our skill, et cetera there. I think hope always springs eternal when you make changes in your leadership team, et cetera. But it's getting a lot of focused attention by the senior leadership team on down and in the right ways. The CFO, the Controller, everybody who's got any kind of way to have a stake in this has weighed in. We do, as a team, look at our spending allocations, our capital allocations, how we are spending, where we are spending, where the bang for the buck is, et cetera. So I think we have looked at just about everything we can, not only to specifically focus on improving the situation and the performance in China, but also how to mitigate it if it doesn't improve enough or fast enough. And so yes, it's getting a fair amount of attention that way across the company. With regard to Latin America and South East Asia, I am pleased with the progress in both places, pleased with the performance of the business, frankly pleased with the performance of the business in Europe and other places too. But I am going to be careful not to project what I think can happen in any given country because the year always starts with a certain set of expectations and then has some surprise you didn't anticipate, which is one of the reasons I always tout the diverse model because somewhere something is going to go awry or different from your expectations and no matter how tightly you manage everything. In our case, I am pleased with our management teams in the various geographies you mentioned. I think they are all doing well. We have got a lot of talent in the organization. We have made some changes where we needed to. In this particular case, our challenge in China wasn't talent based as much as market driven and a lot of dynamics that change rapidly there that we had to react to and deal with. So I think there are a number of other countries picking up slack here. U.S, surprisingly is one of them in the nutrition business. I think you can see that in the numbers in the earnings report. Vietnam, doing well, strong for us. A lot of other smaller countries doing well. Vietnam, as you know, is a big business for us in the nutrition business and we have got a terrific manager there and have had for a long time and that's doing well. So there are some places that are picking up some of the slack there. Frankly, so are other business of Abbott, like the pharmaceutical business and so forth having a great year in China and other countries and good, sustained, high-growth performance. So again, yes, it's proactive. We are mitigating. It's why we are not giving any guidance or anything at this point. As I answered Mike Weinstein earlier, the underlying fundamentals of the overall growth rates in our markets are good, but one place that sticks out right now as a challenge is the pediatric business in China, which is about 3% of the company sales.
Rick Wise: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just two for me. First, Miles, I know it's a sensitive subject but on Alere the other question we get is, now that Alere has fulfilled its reporting requirements and the business trends have been decent, what else does Abbott want to see before closing the deal? And along those lines, if you don't complete Alere, how should we think about the dilution from the AMO divestiture and offsetting that in 2017? I did have one follow-up. Thanks.
Miles White: Well, first of all, Alere is not a sensitive subject and at this point, I am just not going to make a lot of comments about it. I would say we are pursuing all the necessary regulatory approvals for the deal and at this point, that is the path. That is the things that have to happen between now and whether a deal finishes here is regulatory approval. So all necessary approvals are being pursued. We are doing everything we are supposed to do on the contract. And beyond that, I am not going to forecast it or try to. But that's it. I can't say a lot more about Alere or express opinions or whatever. I think I have said about what I can say to Rick Wise's question and to yours. And other than that, we will work through the regulatory approvals and see what happen. With regard to AMO, we have said that the perceived dilution of that business will be offset in some fashion. So you don't need to adjust your model, et cetera. I have seen that's the basis of the question because net of all considerations here in the mix of our financing of these deals, there's enough moving parts that we won't need to absorb dilution there.
Larry Biegelsen: That's very helpful. And then you talked about focusing on cardiovascular devices earlier and your diabetes business is doing well, seems to have a bright future with Libre. I guess my question is, is diabetes still strategic for Abbott now that the focus is more at cardiovascular devices? Thanks for taking the question.
Miles White: Yes. Diabetes is definitely strategic for Abbott. There have been a number of occasions over the past, I think, five years when I have had inbound phone calls of people interested in acquiring the diabetes care business and we absolutely said no because we had a program here that started with Navigator years ago that became Libre that fundamentally changes diabetic monitoring, glucose monitoring, et cetera, that we believe is game changing, market changing, health care changing, et cetera. And we believe that the notion and the opportunity was such that we just plain had a different game plan than everybody else and that it was worth us making that core and pursuing it and we have. And we are seeing the benefit of that now with the rollout of Libre in Europe and soon a rollout in United States. And there's a lot of opportunity for Libre beyond that depending on how we develop it and how we take it. So it is strategically core to us. If you think that's kind of on my radar screen for some strategic move, take it off your screen. That is core to Abbott, will remain core to Abbott and the opportunity there, we think, is nothing but great looking forward.
Larry Biegelsen: Very clear. Thanks for taking the questions.
Scott Leinenweber: Operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Jayson Bedford: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just to actually follow up on the diabetes. Clearly, it was a standout in the quarter. The noticeable step-up from trend and the guidance implies a follow-through in the fourth quarter. You have unique offering with Libre. Is double-digit growth how you expect this franchise to play out over the next couple of years?
Miles White: Well, you have got two franchises going here. You have got the old established legacy franchise of blood glucose monitoring and then you have got what we call flash glucose monitoring or Libre. And that older blood glucose monitoring market is clearly under both volume and price pressure and Libre is growing rapidly in Europe and we expect to grow rapidly in the United States. So at some point, we would hope that Libre would grow so significantly that it would overtake the other. So I don't expect, obviously, that kind of growth out of the base. But I think we are going to keep experiencing pretty heavy double-digit growth out of Libre for the foreseeable future. So yes, I think it drives a lot of growth. But where it crosses in the overall business is somehow double-digit. I am not sure I can project.
Jayson Bedford: Okay. That's fair. And then just second question on gross margin. It's down year-over-year. My understanding is that FX is weighed on this metric. Is there a point where we anniversary the FX headwinds and are able to see some gross margin expansion in the base business, meaning, excluding St. Jude and Alere?
Miles White: Well, I would say it's interesting. We have put a fair amount of focus on gross margin, more than four or five years ago in a couple of our businesses and you can see that. You can see it in the performance. You can see it in the bottom line of those businesses. You can see it in the bottom line of the company. You can see it in those margins of the company. So we expanded those efforts across the company in a number of places. And I think what we have obviously learned from that is there's always opportunity to improve your business model, improve your cost structure, improve your gross margin, et cetera and it hasn't been done with price. It's been done with the fundamental inputs in cost and the way we do business, the way we manufacture, the way we do a lot of things. So I think there's always opportunity and we approach the business and the businesses every year with that in mind. And it's fortunate that we have because we have had some great success there in a couple of businesses particularly, which has offset the effects of exchange over the last, say three, four years which, as you know, has been pretty heavy. And without that, the company would have obviously been at a lot more profit growth pressure. So for us, it's become a routine. We look for more gross margin improvement opportunity every year. And if I look across the businesses, there are still many opportunities for us as we benchmark competitors or other models, the business models we see out there to improve the cost structure of our business in ways that are meaningful for the corporation. Included in that is even the cost of new things launching. The cost of our new diagnostic analyzers will be a tremendous improvement over the cost of our current diagnostic analyzers. And one of the ways you can affect gross margin over the long term is design it in your products and we are. So I think there's a lot of initiatives internally at the company and across businesses now that make this part of routine daily life to keep improving gross margin. I can't forecast to you right know how that will impact us. But I think in a world where you denominated in dollars and every year exchange tries to erode some of your top and bottom line, it becomes a routine part of your business to always be looking at ways to improve your margin and we do and we are and we are having a fair amount of success with that.
Jayson Bedford: I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Miles White: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you operator and thank you for all of your questions and that concludes Abbott's conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 A.M. Central Time today on Abbott's investor relations website at abbottinvestor.com and after 11:00 A.M. Central Time via telephone at (404)-537-3406, passcode 79624675. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 P.M. Central Time on Wednesday, November 2. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-20 17:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration; and Brian Yoor Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Brian will discuss the performance in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Tom, Brian and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2016. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that second quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS, and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filing from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. As you recall, Abbott issued a press release on April 28, 2016 announcing the transaction with St. Jude Medical. Please refer to that release for additional important information about Abbott, St. Jude and related matters. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles D. White: Okay. Thanks, Scott. Good morning. Today we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.55 above our guidance range. Sales increased 6.5% in the quarter, led by strong performance in Established Pharmaceuticals, Medical Devices and Diagnostics. As you know, earlier in the quarter, we took an important strategic step with our announcement to acquire St. Jude Medical. Abbott and St. Jude combined will have a highly competitive medical device portfolio, including an industry-leading new product pipeline across cardiovascular, neuromodulation, diabetes and vision care. This strategic action builds upon the steps we've taken to achieve critical mass and leadership positions across each of our four businesses. In Diagnostics and Nutrition, where we hold market-leading positions today, we've been investing in R&D and infrastructure in high-growth geographies that have strengthened our global scale and competitiveness. And in Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, we've taken a number of strategic steps over the last couple of years to position our business for long-term growth. EPD now operates entirely in emerging geographies and holds leading positions in many of the largest and fastest-growing pharmaceutical markets for branded generics in the world, including India, Russia and Latin America. All four of our businesses will now hold leading positions in large and growing markets that are aligned with healthcare and demographic trends, providing a strong foundation to deliver top-tier growth over the long-term. I'll now briefly review our second quarter results, and I'll start with Diagnostics, where we achieved sales growth of 6% in the quarter, driven by continued above-market performance in Core Laboratory and Point of Care Diagnostics. Our Diagnostics business has been a solid and continuous outperformer in the company and in its industry over the past several years. There is an opportunity here to further maintain if not improve upon this growth trajectory, as we prepare to bring multiple next-generation systems to market across every area of diagnostics where we participate. We'll provide more details on these systems and our launch plans during the second half of the year. In Nutrition, sales grew around 4.5% in the quarter or more than 6% excluding the impact of Venezuela. Growth in the quarter was led by U.S. pediatric and international adult nutrition. In the U.S., above-market performance in Pediatric Nutrition was driven by continued growth of recently launched products including non-GMO products for infants and toddlers. In Adult Nutrition, double-digit international growth was led by Ensure and continued expansion of the adult nutrition market, where Abbott is the global leader. In Medical Devices, sales growth in our Vascular business was led by share gains in our core stent business and double-digit growth of MitraClip, our market-leading device for the minimally-invasive treatment of mitral regurgitation. Our Endovascular business also contributed another quarter of strong growth, driven by vessel closure products and Supera, our unique peripheral stent for the treatment of blockages in the leg. And earlier this month, we received FDA approval for Absorb, the only fully dissolving vascular stent. This first of its kind product is an important addition to our market-leading drug-eluting stent portfolio in the U.S. In Medical Optics, sales growth of 5.5% was led by double-digit growth in our cataract products business where we continue to capture share and drive growth with our portfolio of premium cataract lens products. Last week, we further strengthened our portfolio in the U.S. with the FDA approval for our TECNIS Symfony lenses; the first and only lenses that provide a full range of continuous high-quality vision following cataract surgery. In Diabetes Care, international sales growth of more than 15% was driven by continued consumer uptake of our new and innovative FreeStyle Libre device in Europe. We continue to see strong demand as consumers and healthcare professionals become increasingly aware of the many benefits of this innovative device. There are now more than 125,000 patients utilizing FreeStyle Libre in Europe and we're working to bring this novel technology to new markets, including the United States. And in Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, our strategy of targeting key geographies with a broad portfolio across select therapeutic areas continues to deliver strong results. Sales growth of 9.5% or 14% excluding the impact of Venezuela, was led by balanced growth across several markets including India, China and several countries in Latin America. The acquisitions and subsequent integrations of both CFR Pharmaceuticals and Veropharm have exceeded our expectations and are contributing to strong growth overall. So in summary, it was a good quarter and we're particularly pleased with the steady cadence of new product approvals and recent launches that are contributing to growth including FreeStyle Libre, MitraClip, Absorb and Symfony. And we took another important step to strengthen our strategic position and long-term growth potential with our announced acquisition of St. Jude Medical. I'll now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our results and outlook for the year in more detail. Brian?
Brian B. Yoor: Okay. Thank you, Miles. Sales for the quarter increased 6.4% on an operational basis, that is excluding an unfavorable impact of 3.2% in foreign exchange. The negative impact from exchange was somewhat higher than previous expectations due to modest strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies in the quarter. Reported sales increased 3.2% in the quarter. Regarding other aspects of the P&L in the quarter, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 57.6% of sales, somewhat above our previous guidance. Adjusted R&D investment was 6.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 31.6% of sales, each in line with previously-issued guidance. Turning to our outlook for the full-year 2016. Our adjusted earnings per share guidance range of $2.14 to $2.24 from continuing operations remains unchanged and reflects double-digit underlying growth offset by the impact of foreign exchange on our operating results. We continue to forecast operational sales growth in the mid-single digits for the full year. Based on current exchange rates, we expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 2.5% on our full-year reported sales, somewhat higher than previous expectations of negative 2%. This would result in reported sales growth in the low-single digits for the full-year 2016. We continue to forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 57% of sales for the full year, which includes underlying gross margin improvement initiatives across our businesses. We forecast adjusted R&D investment of around 6.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of approaching 31% of sales for the full year. We now forecast net interest expense of around $100 million, reflecting changes in interest rate assumptions on both, our borrowing rates for debt and the income we earn on some of our investments, and around $35 million of non-operating expense. Turning to our outlook for the third quarter, we forecast adjusted earnings per share of $0.57 to $0.59, again reflecting double-digit underlying growth, partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange on our results. We forecast operational sales growth of mid-single digits in the third quarter and at current exchange rates, we'd expect the negative impact from exchange of around 1.5%. Turning to other aspects of the P&L. For the third quarter, we forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio somewhat above 57%, adjusted R&D investment around 6.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 30% of sales. Finally, we project specified items of $0.19 in the third quarter, reflecting the same items as we identified for the full year in our earnings release. Before we open the call for questions, I'll now provide a quick overview of our third quarter and full-year operational sales growth outlook by business. For Established Pharmaceuticals, we forecast high-single digit sales growth for both the third quarter and full year. In Nutrition, we forecast low to mid-single digit sales growth for both the third quarter and full year. In Diagnostics, we forecast mid-single digit sales growth for both the third quarter and full year. And lastly, in our Medical Devices business, for Vascular we now forecast low-single digit sales growth for both the third quarter and full year. In Diabetes, we forecast high-single digit growth for the third quarter and mid-single digit sales growth for the full year. And in Medical Optics, we forecast low to mid-single digit for the third quarter and mid-single digit sales growth for the full year. With that, we will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. And our first question comes from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Michael Weinstein: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Miles, let's start with a couple of items, if we could. I'm sure everyone would love to get an update on the two transactions in both St. Jude and Alere. So in particular on Alere, I think people would love to hear your comments. And then second, fundamentally, it was a good quarter. I think the mix of growth was a little bit different than what we saw at the last couple of quarters. If there is one business that probably is worth spending a few more minutes on is the international pediatric nutritionals business. We've seen a couple of the local companies announce weaker results. Your quarter this quarter wasn't as good as some of your recent quarters, so maybe you can talk about what's going on in some of those markets obviously and particular at China. Thanks.
Miles D. White: As usual, Mike, you are spot on. I feel like you must've been in the room or something here. Let me deal with the transactions first, and I'll go right to the one that you targeted, Alere. From our perspective, there has been no change. They still haven't filed a 10-K. Our access to the information has been limited. And they did put out a press release with an update that I think was at least from my perspective over-enthusiastically embraced from one of their analysts. But to that extent, the update they put out basically provided no particular new information and was a requirement they had with their bondholders for the extensions they got on the requirements in their agreements. And, the information they put out was characterized as preliminary unaudited summary only, et cetera. So I think from our perspective, no change other than the passage of time. And that's about all I can say about it at this point. So I'm not an odds predictor here so I have no particular predictions to make other than the information that's here and there is no more really to say about it since the last time you asked me the question. So moving to St. Jude, I'd say everything is tracking well. We've got a second request from the FTC which we'll certainly respond to. I'd say there is not much in the way of surprises there. All of our planning going forward is going according to plan. There is no surprises, no negatives. Their performance appears to be tracking according to our forecasts, our expectations and for their forecasts. In fact, I'd say their report this morning looks to me like their best quarter in about the last six quarters anyway. And they're trending in the right directions as we predicted and forecasted and saw in our due diligence. So I'd say with regard to St. Jude, everything is tracking well. We still hope to close that by before year-end. I think that will be close call just as we work our way through the administrivia of the FTC's request and so forth and whatever we may have to do there. But I'd say there is no big surprises at all. We're just going to try and complete the work that we've already indicated and everything there is tracking according to plan. With regard to the mix of business, I'd say you can see in our numbers, it's a strong quarter across the board, across the world in all of our businesses but one. And the Nutrition business is weaker and the weakness is primarily focused on China, Pediatric. Really nowhere else. And what's been not only forecasted by some of our global competitors but also our own experience has been a slowing of growth in the China pediatric market. Last year at this time I think that market was probably 13%, 14% growth estimated and this year it's probably just under half that, would be our estimate, and I think that's probably consistent with what some of our competitors have seen or expressed as well. Well, we're seeing half the growth rate as a market rate that we've seen in the past and that's clearly softening the sales growth rate and we've seen that and we are seeing that. We have not yet seen in any data that there is any share change that's impacting us but our growth rate is clearly slower. So I'm a little cautious on the second half. I don't expect that to change on this particular business. I don't expect that growth rate or that, let's just call it softness. It's not softness in terms of decline, it's slower growth. It's still a pretty healthy growth rate compared to anywhere else in the world and it's a good growth rate. It's just not the double-digit growth rate it was last year or the year before and, as you know, that market has been a pretty high grower from a growth rate standpoint for quite some time. So that's an adjustment for all of us to adjust to. I don't know whether that's a long-term change in the market. I know that there is an increasing breastfeeding rate in China. But in terms of other fundamentals, we see channel shifts and so forth, but channel shifts shouldn't impact the overall market over time here. So other than the dynamics of just lower growth or slowing demand, I'd say that's about the best way I can characterize it. As I said, the market growth at 6% is still a healthy rate; it's just not the one that we've been used to and enjoyed for the past several years.
Michael Weinstein: Maybe I could just get in two quick follow-ups. So one on the Alere question. Can you just talk about some of the items that you're still waiting on beyond just the filing of the 10-K? And then second, Brian, you raise your estimated FX impact on the top-line for the company. I assume there is an incremental FX headwind on the bottom-line, and that's in part why you're not raising 2016 guidance. But if you could shed any light on that, that'd be great.
Miles D. White: With regard to I guess Alere, some information has been provided to us. We've made a number of requests regarding books and records and things that we want to audit and have access to. Some of that has been provided to us and a fair amount of it has not and continues not to be. So there is really nothing more I can say at this point, Mike, unfortunately. The announcement that they put out was not that forthcoming, and I certainly wouldn't share the optimism that one of their analysts expressed about their announcement. But I think we're just in a waiting situation here. With regard to guidance, I mean, I'll just pre-empt Brian a little bit here. You recall, we did raise guidance after the first quarter. And I think  I want to be careful how I state this, because all of our businesses are running really strong here, but I'm a little cautious on the second half. Part of it's FX but part of it is just watching underlying market growth, I'm particularly keeping an eye on China. I didn't mean I'm negative on China at all  I'm not. But I think it's premature to forecast or forecast for raising guidance on the second half of the year, so I think we'll just keep our powder dry there.
Brian B. Yoor: Mike, around $0.01 to $0.02 on the back half.
Michael Weinstein: Perfect. Understood.
Brian B. Yoor: (20:53).
Michael Weinstein: Thank you, guys. I appreciate you taking the questions.
Miles D. White: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Taylor from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Matthew Taylor: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Wanted to start with Medical Devices. Your results there even excluding the royalty were better than recent trends, and you called out some new products. I was wondering if you could give us some more details on the contributions of those and what you expect out of Absorb or any other meaningful products going forward.
Miles D. White: Yeah, I'll give you a little bit of overview, and then I'll ask Brian for a little help on some of the details here. But the Vascular business is doing better and a couple of things there. MitraClip is certainly a contributor to that and so also is the Endovascular business. On the core stent business, and there is still pricing pressure there, because it's an intensely competitive market among three of us but, at the same time, we're gaining share. And I think that business, if I would characterize it, is doing better and stronger than it has been in the last, I'll call it, year-and-a-half. So I'm pretty pleased with the progress there and the performance of the team. The royalty situation itself, there is a catch-up in there, which inflates the number, the growth number for this quarter, because it was catch-up of the past. But it's also  that we're going to have that royalty going forward here, so that'll be something we will clearly have in the future which has not been there for the past few quarters. So that's a plus. But if you take out the impact of that catch-up in the royalty, the growth in the Vascular business in the quarter is better than we've seen in quite some time. Brian, do you want to add any detail to that?
Brian B. Yoor: Yeah, Matt, we're growing to mid-single digits even tough for the royalty here. MitraClip had a really strong quarter. We're seeing great adoption uptake and utilization in the centers we're in there. And our Endovascular business continues to perform well. It's growing double digits. It's a combination of both Supera for the SFA, as you know, as well as our vessel closure business. And as far as the other side of like Medical Optics, I mean, you continue to see us grow, outpacing the market in cataracts, particularly with our premium lenses. And just excited about the cadence of the portfolio that's coming here, particularly with Symfony, to continue to build upon that. And then of course you know the story on FreeStyle Libre.
Miles D. White: The optics market, particularly in the U.S., as you know, has experienced a fair amount of price decline in the LASIK business. And setting that aside, the performance in the cataract and the intraocular lens business has just been stellar, and we're really pleased with that. And pleased with our R&D group for the products that they've put out, pleased with the reception by customers and to be growing in healthy double digits in that segment is, well, it's great fun. All of these businesses have had their times when they've been down or waiting for new products, but these businesses are all doing really well.
Matthew Taylor: Great. And maybe just one follow-up on Diagnostics. You've talked for a while about the potential for a refresh of the Core Lab and Molecular systems. Just wondering if you could give us a little bit more thoughts on timing, the feature upgrades and what really matters there, and how that can contribute to growth for Dx?
Miles D. White: Yeah, we've got a number of new systems coming here, all of which have been under development for a few years in our Diagnostics business, and we're starting to see those roll out now and we will see over the next, let's say, two years, three years. First of all, we just launched AlinIQ, which is an informatics program that is designed to help labs with productivity and their own cost management and so forth, which we think is going to be exceptionally well received. That's launched. Following that, we've got five systems coming. There is a next-generation system in our Point of Care business that will begin to launch in Europe in the second half of this year; probably in the fourth quarter, then in the U.S. in 2017. Then the Core Lab systems to both immunoassay and clinical chemistry testing will begin to roll out as well. We expect European launch before the end of the year and in the U.S. in 2018, early in 2018. Blood screening, same thing. Late in the year in Europe, late this year in Europe. A brand new system. Beyond that, hematology in the following year of 2017, early 2017 in Europe, and then all of these early on in 2018 in the U.S. And then finally in our Molecular business in the second half of 2017, we begin to roll out a new system in Europe. So that's a lot, and that's unprecedented. No company in our business has ever put that many new systems out. They're not just refreshments; they're not just software updates or upgrades or incremental improvements on existing systems, they are all complete new refreshed systems or redone and with some new advantages and so forth. So we're pretty excited about the entire product line. Diagnostics has been doing really well with the mature products in its line, and when you think about the complete line of new products coming over the next couple of years to that business, I think that's just really a great shot in the arm there for a business that's been outperforming as it is anyway. Customers will start to see those systems at the AACC Conference in Philadelphia in later this month. At a number of the industry trade shows in the U.S. and Europe we'll clearly be introducing those systems to customers so they get a preview in advance. So I think the future for Diagnostics looks pretty good.
Matthew Taylor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rick Wise from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Rick Wise: Good morning, Miles. Good morning, everybody. Miles, just to start with sort of a bigger picture question, a lot of the pushback that I get in talking about the acquisitions, that St. Jude, Alere, it seems to revolve around a few points that both are challenged, even troubled assets, that you're taking on too much integration challenge at once, the uncertainty around an equity raise, the lack of certainty around how Abbott will add value improve or better run particularly St. Jude, and maybe a little lack of clarity about the Abbott senior management team, how that's going to change, who is going to lead the effort, again, particularly on the device side. While I personally don't agree with these thoughts, I'd be curious just looking at the big picture here, again, given your long track record of successful opportunistic M&A, how is St. Jude, Alere, set up better or worse than some of the past challenges you faced? Why are these the right deal after another few months of thinking about it? What needs to be done to ensure that these are the right moves today for Abbott shareholders?
Miles D. White: Well, I'd say a couple of things, and I understand the sentiments of investors in general. I mean I think that first of all I'd say, it's not a skeptical or cautious attitude on the part of investors, with just about everything, not particular to Abbott or specific to Abbott, but I think there is just a lot of caution out there. All that frothy, robust enthusiasm of a year and a half ago is definitely not there now. And yet the market is at a near high, but in our businesses that enthusiasm, or at least that attitude, doesn't seem to be that lit up. So we put this in the context of all of that. I think what I find in the feedback from investors is they just want a lot more clarity and a lot more visibility so that they can forecast or model or know where all this is going to go, because I can lean on historical track record and say, hey, look, AMO wasn't a great performing business when we bought it, but right now it is doing exceptionally well. The assets we assembled there is EPD. We're not at the time great asset  let's say (29:41) CFR was a pretty great asset, but a lot of the assets that we put together weren't necessarily super-performing assets. And right now, I'd say we've got one of the gems in the branded generic business globally because of the markets and the things we're in. And I think the track record of how we integrate or how we manage our businesses is proven. We're not intimidated at all by the integration. Frankly, that part, I think, we've shown we're really good at. We've got an experienced team in place. I'm not worried about that at all. And frankly, in the case of St. Jude, the organizations are so well aligned, I think that one will go extremely well and extremely smoothly. I don't consider St. Jude to be a particularly challenged organization. I think that they've got a great pipeline of products. I think they've got a lot of good products. They went through a fairly significant organizational structural change over the last two years that, I think, proved to be somewhat disruptive to the operation of the organization. We're well aware of that. We're well aware of what it meant, how it works, et cetera. But understanding that, I think we've got a pretty good idea of how to integrate St. Jude and run it going forward. With regard to the management team, the management team that will be running our device businesses will be a mix, probably a fairly balanced mix of Abbott and St. Jude people. Where we believe that there is a clear benefit to Abbott management, talent, et cetera, or experience that we can bring to the party, we certainly intend to do so. And we pretty well wind out what we think that is and we will also have the benefit of some of the most experienced and best managers and so forth at St. Jude. I think St. Jude has been, probably, more maligned in the last year than it has deserved because they missed earnings in the third and fourth quarter and they've had some delays in product approvals. But to be honest, if they had an MRI compatible CRM product, I don't think we'd be hearing nearly as much criticism of St. Jude. And it's amazing how one thing, or maybe if they were achieving the reimbursement of CardioMEMS faster, that's about it. Beyond that, their businesses are booming. All their other businesses are doing super well and they've already shown that they can recover share, when they get a CRM approval, by their performance in Japan. So I think it's been overblown, Rick, and I understand the investors are disappointed. It takes them a while to recover from them that and then they're skeptical. And they may look at Abbott and say, why do you think you can do it better? And my answer to that is, I think we can do it better and I think St. Jude can do it better and so does St. Jude. And I think that the two of us together, both believe that, first of all, they resolve their MRI compatibility issue and continue to run the business well, which they are, this business is going to do not only how analysts expect and we expect, which is growth of 4.5%, 5% or more, but frankly, maybe even better than that. As I've indicated on other calls, St. Jude's own estimates of how they're going to do are even higher than that. Our deal was done based on estimating, frankly, same kind of growth rates analysts estimate, which quote them at call it 4.5% to 5% going forward. And right now, they're tracking towards that with their performance in all their businesses. We're just waiting for an approval of an MRI compatible CRM and I think this changes. When I look forward, I think the breadth of the business and the combination with Abbott and the improved performance in our own Vascular business is nothing but up. And well, right now, you've got this period where there is uncertainty, uncertainty about when will it close and you haven't forecasted what it will do and so forth. I think it's  I think a lot of our investors are just more cautious. But I look at it and look down the road at our own projections in what we believe we're going to do and I think, okay, the stock is whatever it is today, $42 or whatever. I don't think investors are ever going to see another point to buy in at this level. That's what I think. I actually believe that. And I think our track record, which is proven, we know how to integrate it, we know how to manage it, we know how to do well with it, we know how to add value to it, we know what the breadth of offering is, we know the quality of their pipeline and the quality of their people. You don't just buy it, put it in the portfolio and leave it alone. You buy it and you put the best management you can in place and you run it the best you can. We've got really excellent managements in our Medical Device business and I think they've got excellent people too. So in spite of the fact that they've disappointed investors, I think the investors got to get over last year and look forward here, because I don't think we bought some challenged property here. Alere, yeah, it has challenges, they acknowledge they have challenges too. And frankly, they've had challenges for a number of years and the management team that's there right now, has been there just a little more than two years, they have dealt well with a lot of the challenges Alere has. Now, they clearly have more, right? And to be honest, no matter what kind of teeth grinding and gnashing we go through with them here or they are going through, et cetera, one thing I'm certain of is that they are trying to do everything they can their way to address the challenges in the company. I don't think otherwise. So whether it all works out the way it originally planned or not, I don't know. We can't predict. As I've said many times, we like the products, and to us it's an opportunistic opportunity to expand our Diagnostics business. Our Diagnostics business is one of the most consistent top-performing businesses in our country and in its industry and they've proven they know how to manage costs, they know how to manage product, they know how to manage the commercial operations, they know how to grow, they know how to compete. This business is one of our best most reliable businesses in the company and to expand that footprint with more products is just an opportunistic plus. If for some reason it didn't work out, we still have one of our top-performing companies in the industry but if we can add to it, well then even better. So I think to address further investors, having two deals in the hopper at the same time is a lot of moving parts for investors. It leaves some things uncertain. It leaves the issue, as you said, the equity issuance uncertain. Obviously, for some reason both of these didn't happen, there wouldn't be a need or a desire to do that because we're trying to balance our overall debt and equity balance sheet. So we'll see. We just don't know at this point and I think there is other ways that we can consider addressing that issue around the equity, since I've had the feedback from investors that they are concerned. At least they don't like it because it's dilutive. And I'm aware of that. But I don't think we're anywhere close to where we have to make a decision on the equity issuance. At this point we're planning for it, but we're only going to do it if it's in our interest to do it to balance our balance sheet. So full transparency. We're planning to do it but there is other ways that may well be addressed and we're nowhere close to a resolution to that. I think that the uncertainty of that for investors just has them cautious, concerns and so on, and I think what I tell most people is, look, by January, this is all going to be pretty clear. And it's going to be resolved one way or another and we'll know whether we're going to do something like that or not. I think the same thing is true, that we get asked a lot about the Mylan shares and what are we going to do and are they going to play a role? And the answer is to be determined, unclear, you know. If  right now my sense is if I don't have to sell those shares I'm not going to. So I think that there's enough moving parts. So I actually like the moving parts even though investors want real clarity I don't want to make any of these decisions until I actually have to, and there is probably a number of months that are going to go by before we have to. And it's unfortunate it leaves a little bit of uncertainty not only for Abbott shareholders but for Mylan's too to some degree. But if we don't have a need to sell those shares, I don't intend to. So at least not anytime soon, let me put it that way. So I think those are all the moving parts, and I think there is some frustration out there, I think people want to buy the stock, I think they want to be in the stock, I think they want the ride that we think we have ahead of us here for the coming years. They just don't know whether there is going to be some surprise they can't anticipate. And right now, I think all the possible outcomes are pretty evident, and I don't see anything that's going to take us backwards, but I certainly see a lot of things that are going to take us forward. And I'm pretty optimistic about it. I just think that we and investors have to ride through about, call it, six months of less certainty on some of the choices here, until it starts to resolve. And that's not going to be next month, it's going to be a while.
Rick Wise: Yeah, that's great perspective. One tiny quick follow-up. Obviously FreeStyle Libre is often running in Europe. You said you're working to bring it to the U.S. What's needed to make that happen? What kind of timing should we expect for FreeStyle Libre in the U.S? Thanks so much.
Miles D. White: Yeah, there is  gosh, I'm not sure how specific to be about that. We're going to submit, as soon as possible, and I would estimate it is approved in the U.S., is my estimate and my guesstimate in the first quarter. That's what I would guess. And there's two stages to this. There's a Libre Pro and then a Libre consumer. So I think that our ambition would be to get this approved probably within the next six months to eight months, something like that. But we'll see. There is a number of steps that are going to happen here in the interim. In the meanwhile, I think it's doing exceptionally well on its rollout in Europe, we've had a really good reception from the states and countries with regard to reimbursement which I think is unusual. This has been  thus far, Libre's success has been driven by consumer pay, and direct consumer pay. And we are achieving our goals of getting key countries and key prices to agree to reimburse the product which should frankly make a big difference in the performance in the market, and it's already trending north at a pretty good clip. So I'm pretty enthusiastic about Libre and, of course, when you've got a product that's as good as that is and trending like it is, you're in a big hurry to get it approved in the U.S. yesterday. So that's where we are. Brian, do you want to add anything to that, or Scott?
Brian B. Yoor: No. I think that's perfectly characterized. Thanks.
Rick Wise: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Navarro from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Glenn John Novarro: Hi. Good morning, guys. My first question relates to St. Jude. They did report this morning, and I thought what was very important is the fact that all their new products and timelines were reaffirmed this morning, which really sets St. Jude up to rebound and have a strong 2017. And Miles, you mentioned St. Jude's internal forecast, we've read it in the proxy, 10% revenue growth for the next five years, which is well above what the Street is modeling. And I'm curious...
Miles D. White: Well, that's above what I modeled.
Glenn John Novarro: Okay. And it's above what I modeled. What is in that forecast that gets them to that 10%? And I guess another way to say is what are the upside surprises that could exist within the St. Jude outlook portfolio over the next five years? If you can maybe call some out to us. And then, putting the two companies together, there could be sales dis-synergies. I think you're hoping for sales synergies. How soon do you think you can achieve those sales synergies? Thank you.
Miles D. White: Okay. A couple of things. First, before I phone a friend next to me here for some of the details underlying specific products, I would tell you that  first of all, if you've got a robust portfolio of new products coming, that's always a good thing, and we're naturally always optimistic about the uptick of products, the penetration of products, the introduction of products and so forth. And it's always a constant balance of being sufficiently enthusiastic and pushing your organization hard enough on how you want to take those products to market. And then there is always the speed bumps; something slows you down somewhere, whether it's reimbursement or the timing of an approval or whatever. And in all my years in the industry, I have never seen, on a particularly consistent basis, any company including my own deliver its new products on-time, on-plan, on-schedule without some kind of delay. Even with Libre, our ambitions were  in terms of our own internal goals, we're probably a couple of months behind where we wanted to be  months, okay, couple months. And yet, we have pretty stiff goal in our own minds about what we're trying to do here. And if you look at the product, it's screaming north at a rocket-like pace, which is a good thing. And all it takes is some minister somewhere to slow down his decision a few weeks and you're off by a couple of weeks. So when I look forward at St. Jude and I look at the 10%, is it potentially possible? Yeah, it's potentially possible, but it's a lot of green lights. It's a lot of green lights without many speed bumps. And the reality of life is, is there is a lot of speed bumps. So I would've judged it back a little bit in terms of just caution. I think they're aspirational about the pace at which those new products come. I don't think there's any disagreement on our part with them about how good the products are, how well received they'll be or what competitive response will be and so forth. I also think they're going to benefit from some great market growth rate behind a lot of these products. They don't have to go tear it away from somebody else in competition, hand-to-hand combat. The CRM business is hand-to-hand combat, but a lot of the other businesses here are frankly just plain innovative, new and relying on growth and training physicians and usage and so forth. So I think that while they would  their estimates really were sort of in that 9% and up range. I think we're just being naturally cautious of the unknown, that the (45:18) unknown. And I think analysts are, too. When we looked across a consensus of analysts for St. Jude, the consensus was around 4.5% to 5% growth going forward here for the next five years. And what's ironic about that is I've spoken to a lot of these analysts because we know them covering us as well. And they'll say, yeah, I know that's what my model says but I'm just not sure they're really going to do that. And that's because their growth rate was more flat over the last five years. But the growth rate was flat over the last five years because they didn't have some of these products or a Thoratec or some of the other businesses they've got now. And right now, they've got a heck of a lot more in the pipeline and a heck of a lot more that they've added to the company since, say, three, four years ago. So I don't think the last five years' growth rates are relevant as a comparison. I think what they've got and what they've done is. And I think right now, the growth rate is only suppressed because they've got difficulty with not having an MRI-compatible claim on their CRM/CRT products. And you take that away and this business is already at analysts' projections and analysts' projections have been more robust than the past history. So I think St. Jude is one of those stories where once you disappoint some investors a couple of quarters, the investor doesn't believe the projection of the future as much as he believes the rearview mirror. So I think they've got to put the points on the board and earn back a little credibility that what they've projected is actually going to happen. And I think the sentiment will change on St. Jude. I'm not investing in sentiment; I'm investing in real products and real company and real business. And I think that what they're tracking at right now is giving the evidence that what they've projected is valid. These businesses, if you look at all the segments of businesses, they're really doing great. The one soft spot in the company is CRM and they do have to get better reimbursement status for CardioMEMS. Okay. That's two things and they're all over that, and we're comfortable with how they're all over that. And the rest of the company is doing gangbusters. So I think they just got to show the evidence here over time. Rick, I've already forgotten the second half of your question.
Glenn John Novarro: Well, it's Glenn. Not Rick.
Miles D. White: Sorry.
Glenn John Novarro: And second  it's all right, Miles  and it's sales synergies. So there's the potential for dis-synergies, but as I look at this deal both companies are very compatible. And so there conceivably should be sales synergies. So maybe comment on, is that  how soon that can happen?
Miles D. White: Yeah, yeah, Glenn. May I call you Bob?
Glenn John Novarro: Yeah, sure.
Miles D. White: I apologize. It was such a windy answer, I lost track. In any case, I think the synergies are going to be easy to get. I think the commercial synergies, and first of all it depends on the integration of your sales forces, the integration of your sales management structures, your commercial management structures. I think it depends on how we construct our integration our  well, there's integration and cooperation across boundaries with the multiple businesses. That will and how customers embrace that particularly in the U.S. will determine how rapidly that goes. Now, having said that, the companies have had some experience that way for some time already because we've had a joint marketing agreement with St. Jude for a number of years between our stent business and their CRM business, so we're already well familiar with each other. Of course, the dynamics change when you're part of the same company and that's a positive. It gets better. So I think that the nature of the kind of commercial synergy we would look for in the broader portfolio of products that we offer, how we approach our accounts, how we can service our accounts, et cetera, I'd say that planning is well underway if not starting to be in practice in a number of cases. And in between Mike Rousseau, the CEO of St. Jude; and Robert Ford, our EVP, and that organization or these two organizations I think the two of them and their people have planned and cooperated exceptionally well going forward here so I think we hit the ground running as if the two companies had been together for a long time. I don't really foresee a lot of hiccups or bumps here.
Glenn John Novarro: All right. And since you called me by the wrong name, Miles, can I squeeze in one more question?
Miles D. White: Sure.
Glenn John Novarro: Okay. The Mylan stake, when you do sell the Mylan stake, the cash that you realize, will that be considered OUS trapped cash and if so, how do you handle the tax liability if you bring it back indeed to pay for Alere or St. Jude. I remember a few years ago when Tom was CFO, you brought back cash and the liability was called out as a one-timer. Is that something that you would consider doing? Thanks.
Miles D. White: No. I don't anticipate that.
Glenn John Novarro: Okay. But the cash would be considered international cash? Is that correct if you do sell the stake?
Scott Leinenweber: Glenn, I would assume we can navigate this without the tax correction. I think we've shown a propensity across the corporations through our buybacks and other means to access our cash in an efficient way. And I think you can assume the same about this if, to Miles' point, if we're in a situation where we sell the stock.
Glenn John Novarro: Okay. Thank you.
Miles D. White: Yeah, I don't think we're going to have that hiccup.
Scott Leinenweber: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just, Miles, on Libre, a clarification question. First quarter 2017 is that the professional version or the consumer version? As far as I know you haven't disclosed yet when you're filing the consumer version in the U.S. And second under the Dexcom panel tomorrow, what do you think the implications are for Libre? And I did have a follow-up. Thanks.
Scott Leinenweber: Hey, Larry. This is Scott. I'll touch base on the professional version very quickly. As you know, we filed for that device in the middle of last year. We're working with the FDA on that and that is the approval we would expect in the next six to nine months on that particular point. Obviously, as it relates to, as you know, the Dexcom panel tomorrow, I mean we're really excited about the U.S. market. We think there is lots of opportunity there. We think Libre is a unique technology. It's a discussion we'll be watching closely to see how the FDA is thinking about these novel technologies and how to apply them for diabetic patients' needs in today's market.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks, Scott. And then lastly, we saw J&J adopt ASU 2016-09 yesterday and had some implications for their tax rate. What are the implications for you guys and when do you plan to adopt it? Thanks for taking the questions.
Scott Leinenweber: Yeah. So we don't need to adopt till 2017, Larry, and we're still assessing what that means in terms of our ongoing earnings on a year-to-year basis because there are some moving parts there. We're still assessing it. We won't adopt until we have to.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks a lot, guys.
Scott Leinenweber: Sure.
Miles D. White: Okay.
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. That concludes Abbott's conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 AM Central Time on Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com. And after 11:00 AM Central Time via telephone at 404-537-3406; pass code 38160622. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 PM Central Time on Wednesday, August 3. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-20 17:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Abbott's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session. The entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President-Investor Relations.
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration; and Brian Yoor, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks; and Brian will discuss performance in more detail. Following their comments, Miles, Tom, Brian and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2016. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that first quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS, and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles D. White: Okay. Thanks, Scott. Good morning. Today, we reported ongoing earnings per share of $0.41, exceeding our previous guidance range. Sales increased 5% in the quarter, led by strong performance in Diagnostics and Established Pharmaceuticals. As you know, we've been taking important strategic steps to expand our footprint in the world's fastest-growing geographies and have been investing in R&D that has resulted in numerous new product launches across our businesses. These actions and investments are driving our strong first quarter performance, which I'll briefly review by business. I'll start with Diagnostics, where we achieved sales growth of 7% in the quarter driven by continued above market performance in Core Laboratory and Point of Care Diagnostics. We continue to capture share and win new accounts with our customer-focused solutions, which we further enhance with an unprecedented series of new instrument launches over the next few years. We continue to make great progress on the next-generation diagnostics systems and point-of-care, immunoassay testing, clinical chemistry, hematology and blood screening. These new systems are being designed with the customer in mind, incorporating the features that are deemed most important, including increased automation, higher throughput and enhanced user interface. We'll provide more details on our launch plans of these systems in the coming quarters. In Nutrition, both pediatric and adult nutrition grew roughly 4.5% in the quarter, above market performance; and U.S. pediatric nutrition was led by strong performance of recently launched non-GMO products for infants and toddlers. Internationally, pediatric nutrition growth was led by continued share expansion of Eleva in the premium segment of the Chinese market, as well as continued strong growth in Russia and across several countries in Latin America. In adult nutrition, where Abbott is the global leader, sales growth was led by Ensure in the retail and institutional segments of the U.S. market, as well as double-digit growth in several Latin American countries as we continued to expand the adult nutrition category globally. In Medical Devices, sales growth was led by 5.5% growth in Medical Optics, where we continue to capture share and drive growth in our portfolio of recently launched premium cataract lens products. Earlier this month, we opened a new manufacturing facility in Malaysia that is capable of producing over 4 million lenses a year to meet the growing demand for our products. In Diabetes Care, international sales growth of 11% was driven by continued consumer uptake of FreeStyle Libre in Europe. During the quarter, FreeStyle Libre received European approval for use in children and teens who can now manage their diabetes without the need for routine finger sticks. We expect growth in our diabetes business to accelerate in the coming quarters as we meet increasing demand for Libre from consumers and healthcare professionals; and we also look forward to bringing Libre to new markets, including the U.S. In Vascular, modest growth in the quarter was led by double-digit growth of MitraClip, our market-leading device for the minimally invasive treatment of mitral regurgitation and strong performance in our Endovascular business, driven by vessel closure products and Supera, our unique peripheral stent for the treatment of blockages in the superficial femoral artery. And in Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, sales growth of 11% was led by continued double-digit growth in India, which comprises more than 20% of EPD sales, including strong growth in the therapeutic areas of women's health, gastroenterology and cardio-metabolics. We also achieved above market growth in China and several countries in Latin America as we continue to expand our presence and portfolios in these geographies. Finally, given our performance in the first quarter, coupled with an improving exchange outlook, we are raising our full year adjusted EPS guidance range to $2.14 to $2.24. So in summary, we're off to a good start this year with each of our four businesses having met or exceeded growth expectations for the quarter and with good progress on our new product initiatives. So I'll now turn the call over to Brian to discuss our results and outlook for the year in more detail. Brian?
Brian B. Yoor: Okay. Thanks, Miles. First, I'll provide further details on the first quarter results. Sales for the quarter increased 5.1% on an operational basis. Exchange had an unfavorable impact of 5.3% on sales resulting in relatively flat reported sales in the quarter. Regarding other aspects of the P&L in the quarter, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 56.8% of sales; adjusted R&D investment was nearly 7% of sales; and adjusted SG&A expense was nearly 34% of sales. Turning to the details of our full year 2016 outlook. We continue to forecast operational sales growth in the mid-single digits. Based on current exchange rates, we now expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 2% on our full year reported sales. This would result in reported sales growth in the low-single digits for the full year 2016. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 57% of sales for the full year, which includes underlying gross margin improvement initiatives across the business. We forecast adjusted R&D investment of around 6.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 30.5% of sales for the full year. This would result in full year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $2.14 to $2.24 from continuing operations. For the second quarter, today, we are issuing ongoing earnings per share guidance of $0.52 to $0.54, reflecting double-digit underlying growth, offset by the impact of foreign exchange on our operating results. We forecast operational sales growth of mid-single digits in the second quarter. At current exchange rates, we'd expect a negative impact from exchange of around 3%, resulting in reported sales in the low-single digits. I'll now provide a quick overview of our second quarter operational sales growth outlook by business. In Diagnostics, we forecast mid-single digit sales growth. In Nutrition, we forecast sales to increase mid to high-single digits. In Vascular, we forecast relatively flat sales growth. In Diabetes Care, we forecast mid-single digit sales growth. In Medical Optics, we forecast mid-single digit sales growth. And lastly, in Established Pharmaceuticals, we forecast mid-single digit sales growth in the second quarter. Turning back to the other aspects of the P&L, for the second quarter, we forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of somewhat above 57%; adjusted R&D investment somewhat above 6.5% of sales; and adjusted SG&A expense of around 31.5% of sales. And finally, for the second quarter, we project specified items of $0.14. And now with that, we'll open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question or comment is from Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brittany Henderson: Hi, everybody. It's Brittany Henderson in for Kristen Stewart. I just wanted to kind of start on a high-level basis. The Medical Devices business kind of continues to be somewhat of a drag on the overall business. So we just wanted to kind of get your thoughts on just the outlook for Abbott Pharmaceuticals with Medical Devices and how that kind of fits along with the other segments of the business? How it fits in with Nutrition and Diagnostics in the Established Pharma business?
Brian B. Yoor: Yeah, this is Brian. I'll start off and open up to Miles. I think you've got to look within Medical Devices, and there are a lot of bright spots here in terms of what's growing. If you look at MitraClip, we had 40% growth in the quarter; and that's a space we're early to and it could be a large market here. If you look at our Supera product  again a newly added product in the not too distant past  it's grown double-digits for the quarter. And coupled with that, our vessel closure business has also led to real strong growth in the Endovascular. Clearly, as you see, on the stent side, it is a flattish market. But even then, we're excited about our portfolio we have. It provides a great contribution to our business. And if you look at where we're at now, we've stabilized our share of where we're at and we're excited about bringing Absorb into the portfolio ultimately and to further compete in this aspect of the business. Miles, I don't know if you'd add anything to that?
Miles D. White: The only thing I'd add to that is we got Absorb coming in the U.S. and Europe. We got a number of things happening here from a new product standpoint and expansion of the business that I think are all good for the business going forward here. So I think it's all good. Okay?
Brittany Henderson: Okay. Thank you for taking the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David R. Lewis: Good morning. Miles, I wanted to start off with Alere and just sort of reflecting on investor commentary here in the first quarter. I think we talk to investors. I think they understand the ability to take out margins with Alere potentially. And given the success of the Diagnostics management team in Abbott, they seem to have a high degree of confidence in your ability to do that. Where they seem to be getting hung up is this, the growth opportunity for Alere, right? They see Abbott as large-cap growth company and they're buying a business that has below Abbott growth rates. How would you comment on sort of how you see Alere from a top line growth perspective over time both market and the particular company?
Miles D. White: I look more at the Diagnostics business broadly in all phases, all segments, and I look at it globally and I look at it by testing categories, not just point of care, or core lab, or blood screening, or molecular testing and so forth. And I think our Diagnostics business has shown that there is good growth to be had and good growth if you're innovative and your systems and your products are responsive to customer needs. I think all the segments of Diagnostics provide a growth opportunity. And I think that our own business in particular has shown that not only is there growth opportunity everywhere it competes, but it can manage margin, it can manage cost, it can manage product innovation; it can do all that. So I would comment on the overall Diagnostics growth opportunity as demonstrated by Abbott's Diagnostics business and not specific to any one company.
David R. Lewis: Okay. And then, Brian, just a clarification. I'm trying to kind of reconcile organic growth in the quarter. So we're basically taking a 5% operational plus like two points of Venezuela and getting something around 7%. Is that kind of in the ballpark?
Brian B. Yoor: That's in the ballpark. You're right there.
Miles D. White: Yeah. You may have noted that a lot of these businesses globally in different geographic segments were growing 10%, 11% on the top line in the quarter. So it was a pretty strong quarter across the board there, David.
David R. Lewis: Yeah, agreed. Thanks so much for the clarification.
Miles D. White: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Weinstein: Thanks. Miles, just to clarify, on Alere, are you reaffirming your commitment to the transaction?
Miles D. White: I am going to be careful how I answer any questions about Alere, Mike, because as you know they've had delays filing their 10-K. We don't know when they'll file their proxy. We don't know when they're going to have a shareholder vote. So right now I'd say it's not appropriate for me to comment on Alere.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And let me ask  I've got a bunch of questions already this morning just on the guidance raise relative to the FX delta from the 4Q call to today, depending on peoples math, anybody who has gotten anywhere from $0.06 to $0.12 of basically earnings delta from the impact of FX from when currency was on the fourth quarter call to where it is today. But you only raised guidance by $0.04 including the beat today. So could you just walk through your math, Brian, on FX and the headwind for 2016 today versus what it was three months ago?
Miles D. White: Before I turn that over to Brian, Mike, let me tell you a couple of things as background. First of all, you know that the exchange impact for us lags on the bottom line relative to the top line because it's got to pass through inventory, et cetera. So we do have that lag. And that's always a little difficult for us to precisely call. And we get very close, but it's always a little difficult to precisely call depending on the currency of the world and depending on inventories and so forth, and sales, and sales mix in that given geography. And as you know, because we've got such a broad market basket of currencies, that's a little more difficult to call precisely; and it does lag, as you've already acknowledged. So while I'd say, look, I like what I'm starting to see is the easing in exchange. But given the last few years, I'm a superstitious person and I think the minute I think this is starting to go well, for some reason we're going to get smacked down with some change in the market. For the last two years in the third quarter and fourth quarter we've seen some events, some economic events of some kind alter the world's view of economies and then a change in exchange. And more recently, last fall, it was $30 oil. So if there's some caution in the raise and I'd say if things don't  if we get no curve balls, you're probably right. Call it the curve ball discount there, I'm just waiting to see another quarter. And right now, I'd say all indicators are looking favorable for improvement as the year goes on. I actually want to see some of that improvement sustained; meaning, economic conditions and exchange. And, plus I'm mindful of the fact that we made adjustments to our estimates here in the fourth quarter call three months ago that clearly some of that has changed with exchange, but it can change in as little as a quarter. So with the current circumstances of the world and what everybody is talking about in terms of real negative interest rates and so forth, that actually favors weakness to the dollar for us right now. And I hope that continues for some time here, but I just want to see some of it before I go further.
Michael Weinstein: Brian, did you want to add to that?
Miles D. White: Brian, do you want to play in on that?
Brian B. Yoor: No. I think you perfectly articulated it. Q1 and Q2, as we talked before, Mike, is largely locked due to the dynamics Miles discussed on the timing of flow through. So really this is a second half phenomena.
Miles D. White: I mean, Mike, if you look at it this way, the sales strength on the top line is frankly my leading indicator here of we're above all of your estimates. Frankly, we're above our own and  for the first quarter. That's a good thing going into the year and it's across all businesses and most geographies. So that to me is a pretty strong indicator. And if exchange does improve arithmetically, as you described, of course that only gets better too. So whether we forecast it now or actually experience it later, we'll see.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. One follow-up, Miles, and I'll jump. Can you talk about pricing across your Nutritionals business? I'm asking because in the 10-K, annually you guys disclose the contribution from price to each of your different businesses. And in Nutritionals, if we went back a couple of years, price was a pretty significant contributor. And I think back in 2012 it was a 4.5% contributor to the top line growth of the business; 2013 was 3.2%; and 2014 it was basically 1%; and last year it was zero. So the contribution from price has obviously eroded over time. And we hear in the Mead Johnson calls, we hear of the Danone calls talking about pricing pressure in China and other markets. So can you just talk about that business and that end market? And obviously we're talking about a bunch of different end markets, but can you talk about those end markets and what's happening with the price and your view on them?
Miles D. White: Yeah. I think it's different by geography. First of all, I think all your facts and all the stuff you just quoted, absolutely right. And actually there's a couple things there. One, you know that in the last, call it, two years, certain countries, China, Saudi Arabia, Vietnam, have taken unilateral government actions to pound down price of the multinationals in particular in those countries in reaction to price increases taken by multinational competitors in those countries over the prior few years. And our ability to be commercially successful around the world depends on healthy happy markets and happy governments in some cases. So I'd say to the extent that that influences the degree to which companies are able to take price, I think that has some influence. I also think that there's the overall balance of consumer demand, consumer absorption, et cetera. And what I've been pushing with our team is let's compete on product and volume and share gain. The prices in the market, for now, they're healthy. And to be truly competitively healthy I think we have to be able to win share, win the shelf space, win the consumer, win the physician, win the recommendation, et cetera; and that's where we put a lot of our emphasis. So to the extent that we have not put further emphasis on price in the last couple of years, it's primarily to sharpen our own competitiveness and compete, I'd say, at a pretty effective level on all other dimensions. I think from a business fundamentals standpoint that's important. I want real growth, not just masked growth because we took price. But I think at the same time the opportunity for us here is pretty good. I mean these are healthy products. This is a robust segment of business. In all these countries profit is not challenged. And I think we're just drawing, call it, a little different balance in terms of how we want to be competitive versus relying on price alone or too significantly in the mix. So I'd say have the dynamics intimidated price? I'd say dynamics have pushed price to a more appropriately balanced level. And in our case I want the emphasis on real share gain, and product growth, and market segment growth. And to the extent that at some point there is opportunity for price, we certainly know that. But I think price is easy, and sometimes too easy.
Michael Weinstein: Thank you, Miles. I appreciate it.
Miles D. White: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Robert Adam Hopkins: Hi. Thanks, and good morning. Thanks for taking the call. Two questions. First one, I wanted to ask on just capital allocation. Miles, is M&A still a top priority for you from a capital allocation perspective? And then within the different divisions, is it safe to say that Vascular remains a very high priority given the growth rate relative to your other divisions?
Miles D. White: Yes to both. No change. Same top priority; same focus. The only thing I'm cautious about, Bob, that I'd say is different, while I think there are opportunities, as I've said before, in the pharmaceutical arena  and remember we're only in the branded generic pharmaceutical business in emerging markets, we're not in the U.S. or Europe in pharmaceuticals  but in those markets, I have noted from time to time a lot of opportunities to add to our platform. We have, in that business, really strong positions in the markets we focused on and great depth and breadth. And I think we've chosen our countries well. I think we've chosen our breadth and depth well. So we've got an EPD that now, post-shaping of the Europe business and so forth, is a pretty good gem. And there are other properties out there that would expand that footprint and add to it. However, in the last couple of years in particular currency or exchange in those markets has been a pretty heavy headwind. And the expectations of value by potential properties or assets in those markets has been 25 times to 30 times EBITDA which, to be honest, is way out there according to any kind of historic norm. So if you have to go pay that kind of a multiple and then translate back to dollars with a strong currency headwind, you really can't earn the return for your shareholders against that headwind that you need to if you're going to pay that kind of a multiple. So we have sidelined that to a degree. I think we can be selective about given markets. But we've sidelined that while we put our emphasis and focus on other areas of Abbott's business in terms of what we're looking at or what we're interested in. It doesn't mean that we don't think there's wonderful properties in the pharma business, but we're much more selective about geography, what we think we can see as currency headwind, growth of market, et cetera, going forward here because I think we want to be prudent that we earn the return. To a high degree, we're always talking about the underlying growth of the business. Investors got to be able to spin (25:55) the underlying growth; and we got to be able to bring that underlying growth to the real bottom line. So while we do navigate a market basket of currencies in a volatile world economically and we're diverse across all countries and we're in emerging markets for their growth, I think we have to be prudent about when we invest and how we invest in those markets, so that we can bring back the return that it cost us to invest in those markets. So we've kind of put that one, I'd say, partly on the back burner, but it depends on the country. And then, as you say, yeah, it's a high priority for us and we continue to look at opportunities in devices and in diagnostics; and those remain of interest to us. But I know it's a long-winded answer, but that's really how we're thinking about it.
Robert Adam Hopkins: No, it's helpful. And then the second thing I wanted to ask you, Miles, is that can you give us a sense of what emerging market revenue growth was in the quarter? And then more importantly, can you just comment broadly on what you're seeing in terms of emerging market economies and the health of the consumer in emerging market relative to what you saw exiting 2015? I mean are things improving, stable? How would you characterize it?
Miles D. White: I'd characterize it, first of all, as high-single digit overall, which I think is good. I think it kind of depends. The world wrings its hands about slowing growth rates in China; and China was 6.5%. And I think if any other country of the world was growing 6.5%, we'd all be doing cartwheels and investing heavily. We wring our hands when a country as large as China slows to 6.5%. Even if China were at 5%, I'd think it was pretty attractive. So I'd say I think the growth rates, relatively speaking, are strong. I think you have to take into account here that, historically, if one area of the world was struggling, other areas of the world were pretty strong. It's actually not the case right now. Everything has slowed some, and for all the reasons we know. I think there's a lot of uncertainties around the world right now and I could run through them, but we'd just be in a bad mood afterwards. And I think everybody's kind of waiting to see how some things turn out; and whether exchange stays on a certain track, whether some countries kind of recover, I think people are waiting to see what happens with oil and they're going to wait a while to see that. They're going to wait to see what happens with the interest rates. There's a lot of hand wringing, as I said, over negative interest rates. So there's going to be a lot of things that kind of hang on the world and you say, well, how does that directly affect your business. Well, in healthcare, a lot of healthcare is funded by governments and they are the insurer of their population and so forth and the health of their economies. And as you know, almost half our business is consumer direct in a fashion or consumer pay. So the health of those economies matters. I still believe and continue to believe China, India, Russia, these are all strong markets, notwithstanding the currency speed bumps that we've had here in the last couple of years, but these are strong markets. I think there's solid growth there. Countries like Venezuela, Brazil and some others are obviously of great concern for their own economic circumstances and volatility. I think Venezuela, as we've talked about plenty here, has been a real outlier that way. But I think the emerging markets represent real strong growth. I don't see that slowing. I think the kind of growth rate we see there drives pretty healthy expansion in investment by companies like us; and Europeans and others as well. I mean I think all those markets represent terrific growth, better than developed markets. But I also think if you're innovative and you have new products and you have products that bring value to the healthcare system, I think the U.S. and Europe are also worthy markets for us and remain a focus. These are some of our most important markets. So because we're geographically diverse and we are a multinational, I think they're all pretty healthy. And I think that's reflected right now in our top line, which is pretty strong relative to all the concerns that get expressed about the world's economies and economic growth. I mean one of the best things about healthcare is even in poor economic times, people need healthcare at one level or another. So I'm pretty bullish about the opportunities for us. I think we've all adjusted, industry-wide or even investor-wide, to lower growth rates. And today we talk about 5% like it's a pretty high growth rate; and I have to say it feels pretty good. And 11% feels really good on the top line, and those kinds of things. And I can remember when that didn't feel so good, because we're used to much higher growth rates. But, frankly, in this global economy right now those are pretty healthy returns; and we're conscious of the returns. So I'm still pretty positive about all this.
Robert Adam Hopkins: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from David Roman from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
David Harrison Roman: Thank you, and good morning everybody. I wanted to start on the operating margins side of the business. And this goes back a little bit to the disclosures that you provided in the 10-K and also some of the longer term margin targets you've put out by segment. If I look at where you're sitting right now in your Nutrition and Diagnostics businesses, both of those look to be pretty close to best-in-class margin. So can you maybe talk about the areas for operating margin improvement? How much of that on a go-forward basis comes from the individual segments versus how much would come from the G&A side or sort of internal restructuring efforts?
Brian B. Yoor: Yeah, David. This is Brian. So as you know, we've been going 100 operating basis points, 200 operating basis points per year on an underlying basis; and we continue to see that performance in 2016. Clearly, as you said, we've made great progress in Nutrition as well as Diagnostics as where they stand today, but that's not to say that there isn't additional opportunity. It may not come through at the same pace that you're accustomed to seeing it, but there still is, we believe, remaining opportunity in these businesses to continuously improve our margins. Over the longer term, we have some businesses like Established Pharma. Clearly, there's opportunity there in the coming years. So we see that that could be a driver as part of our contribution. And don't forget, too, we are still working through the phases of what we're doing from a G&A, taking out the unproductive spend around the world when it comes to how we operate and support our businesses, and what's the right shape and what's the right size. So I think taking all these things into consideration, David, we're still targeting around the same range that you've been seeing on an underlying basis. Now FX, as you know, is muting that this year, but the underlying's still there.
David Harrison Roman: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe back on the earnings guidance increase, understandably you might not want to get ahead of yourself with respect to currency at this point, but could you maybe just talk about the charge related to Venezuela? It looks like you're taking up the GAAP adjustments from $0.55 to $0.78 this quarter. How much of that is Venezuela? How much of that is cash? And are you moving anything from ongoing to one-time?
Brian B. Yoor: No, David, this is just the adjustment we're making in Venezuela, similar you've seen in other countries to take the net monetary write-down at the end of the quarter; and it's somewhere north of $0.30 and we're done. Ongoing earnings, no impact. We'll do business forward at the rate of the new floating rate, which is around 260 (33:29), but any activity that's minimal really won't surface at those rates.
David Harrison Roman: Okay. And then just lastly on the top line, you are talking about mid-single digit organic growth over the entire year, but I do think you started at a higher rate than where you had initially contemplated. So given things like FreeStyle Libre and the new platform launches in Diagnostics, is there the potential to see an acceleration from the 5% that you generated this quarter and what you're sort of guiding to in Q2?
Miles D. White: Well, the question is how much of that have we already got baked into our estimates for the year and how much of it will exceed that. And let's put it this way. The fact that we're above all of your estimates in the quarter and all businesses performed at or better than expected, I think that's a good sign. I'm just going to wait to see a little more sign.
David Harrison Roman: Okay. Understood.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just one question on EPD and one question on capital allocation and M&A. First, the last couple of quarters for EPD have been quite strong, about 11% constant currency growth, but you're guiding to mid-single digit growth for EPD in Q2, if I heard correctly. So just any color on why that business would slow down? And as I said, I have one follow-up.
Brian B. Yoor: I think keep in mind, we talked about this earlier, what our growth would be but for; and this business has the one country we don't talk about. But if you look at India, it's growing double-digits, Larry. So it's doing well. Latin America and CFR, the performance is going well. The integration has gone extremely well. And I will say Russia. As Miles mentioned, that as a strong country. We're doing very well in our performance here in Established Pharma and are achieving what we expect from the Veropharm acquisition that was made. But EPD is not a straight line, Larry, as you know. There's a lot of markets. And so, from time to time there can be simply just some timing of tender. So there may be a little timing. I don't think we should get ahead of ourselves here.
Miles D. White: I think that's the best answer, because we have comparisons in quarter to quarter that depend on what happened last year and what country, and the countries don't tend to be the same. And because of the diversity of countries and currencies in this business, it doesn't tend to be that nice reliable ruler business where you can lay a ruler down on the line of growth. It's just bumpy. Now, overall, it's all up and it's all good. We like that. But any given quarter, can have a curve ball in it or a comparison to last year. So I'd say the underlying fundamentals are all strong here. And we're going to have to lap Venezuela, because that was a pretty significant piece for EPD, given CFR there and so forth. And I'm trying to think where else. I mean currency I guess is an issue in a number of countries, particularly Russia. And I'm just cycling through all the ups and downs. There are quarter-to-quarter variances depending on gee, the tender didn't happen in March, it happened in April, that kind of thing. So I think underlying this is pretty solid strong growth.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Fair enough. And then, Miles, you've said in the past that you're not constrained on doing more deals even after the Alere acquisition. So how should we think about Abbott's ability to do another medium size transaction while the Alere deal is pending and there's some uncertainty? And second, is the sweet spot for Abbott still that $5 billion to $7 billion range that you've talked about in the past? Thanks for taking the questions.
Miles D. White: Yeah. I'd tell you, again, I don't feel unreasonably constrained at all. I think that we're always conscious of capital allocation; we're always conscious of return; we're always conscious of where our debt is and what our debt rating is and so forth. We want to be all in the right balance here. But for the things that I think would be on my radar screen, I think we're in good shape here.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions.
Brian B. Yoor: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question or comment comes from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jayson T. Bedford: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Just to follow up on the EPD, the 11% growth certainly exceeded our number and your expectation I think going into the quarter. What was different from your thoughts heading into the quarter? Was it a function of tenders? And then secondly, there were some headlines earlier in the quarter or I guess in February, around increased regulation of combo drugs in India and I'm just wondering does that have any impact on your business?
Miles D. White: Well, in the last part, it hasn't yet, but it could; and we're prepared for that if it does. So that remains. It's still working its way through the Indian courts, but maybe Scott's got more detail on that right now than I do, but it hasn't yet.
Brian B. Yoor: Yeah. And I would also add just on the quarter, there is some timing, to Miles' point. There is always some tender timing in various countries. If you take the first quarter and the second quarter, you're looking at a first half of the year that'll be a high-single digit operational growth for EPD; and that's strong growth.
Jayson T. Bedford: Okay. If I could just add a second one in there, just on Nutrition. Certainly the U.S. Nutrition business has seen some pretty good signs of momentum here, both in adult and pediatric. I realize you're anniversarying some tougher comps, but are you seeing some real momentum or at least some sustainable share gains here?
Miles D. White: It's kind of too early to tell. I think we kind of hope so, but to call it sustainable I'd like to see some more data and I'd like to see a little more time because generally speaking in the Nutrition business in United States, share might blip up and down a little bit, but over time remains relatively static. It's pretty difficult to move share sustainably and meaningfully over time in the U.S. And your ability to grow the adult nutrition business is to grow the market, for the most part; and as you know, we are the leader in that market. And pediatric, share may move a couple of points here and there, but it always seems to snap back to wherever its median point was. So we're always pushing on share gain. And about the time you think you've gotten somewhere with it, something happens, competitive response or whatever, moves back the other way. So I think to call current momentum sustainable, I think I'd say let me see another quarter.
Jayson T. Bedford: All right. Thank you.
Miles D. White: Okay.
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all your questions. And that concludes Abbott's conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com; and after 11 a.m. Central time via telephone at 402-220-5335, pass code 1726. The audio replay will be available until 4 p.m. Central time on Wednesday, May 4. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. You may disconnect your line at this time.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 15:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participations will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration, and Brian Yoor, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks, and Brian and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom, Brian, and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including the expected financial results for 2016. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to the risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual reports on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Please note that fourth quarter financial results and guidance provided on today's call for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Thanks, Scott. Good morning. Today Ill discuss our results for 2015, as well as our outlook for 2016. For 2015 we achieved our financial objectives for the year reflecting strong double digit EPS growth when excluding the impact foreign exchange and almost 9% growth on an absolute basis, excluding the same sales grew over 9% including strong double digit growth in emerging markets and we continued to expand our growth and operating margins. Overall, we made good progress against our strategic objectives. I would like to highlight few two key achievements from the past year. In established pharmaceuticals, we completed the sale of our developed markets business and successfully integrated CFR Pharmaceuticals in Latin America and Veropharm in Russia. The integration of CFR provides the scale, manufacturing and portfolio of breadth to establish Abbott as a top 10 branded generics company in Latin America and actually number one in many of the markets in Latin America. And Veropharm had a similar impact in Russia positioning Abbott among the top branded generics companies in this key market. We also made significant progress improving our commercial execution, expanding our local product portfolios and driving awareness of our Abbott brand with patients, physicians and pharmacies. In Nutrition, we achieved double digit growth and share expansion in China with the portfolio of Pediatric Nutrition products that are customized to meet local preferences. In the U.S. we expanded our product offering in the tolerance and up-age categories with the portfolio of non-GMO products providing parents with additional formula choices. Our international adult nutrition business achieved another year of strong growth as we continue to bold and shape this category globally. And we achieved another year of significant margin expansion. In Medical Devices, MitraClip achieved sales of more than $250 million and we further solidified our leadership position in the transcatheter mithral valve repair market with the acquisitions of Tendyne and an option agreement to acquire Cephea Valve Technologies. Along with MitraClip, these technologies position Abbott well to sustain our leadership position in this attractive segment of the market. In medical optics, we continue to launch a number of innovative products that are driving growth and share expansion most notably in the premium len segment. And in diabetes care, we introduced our revolutionary flash glucose monitor FreeStyle Libre in several countries throughout Europe. Consumer response for this product continues to be very positive and we recently expanded capacity to meet the growing demand. We also made the progress during the year to bring the Libre technology to the U.S. with the regulatory submission for approval of Libre Pro, our professional use device in June of last year. And finally in diagnostics, the combination of commercial execution, high quality platforms and customer focus solutions resulted in another year of above market growth across those developed and emerging markets. This business also achieved another year of margin expansion, while simultaneously investing in the development of next generation system platforms across all three of its segments including the Core Lab, Molecular Diagnostics and Point of Care Diagnostics. So were entering 2016 with good underlying momentum. Our businesses have well aligned with favorable long term trends including the continued expansion of healthcare and emerging economy. While there has been some softening in this economies on a macro basis, national policies focused on expending access to care and feasible demographic trends, or driving growth in healthcare which is outpacing overall economic growth in these markets. The fundamentals in the market and geographies where we compete remains strong, and we expect to deliver another year of strong double digit underlying earnings growth in 2016. However, a couple of items are impacting our growth outlook on an absolute basis and youve heard this all weak, most notably foreign exchange. The rapid strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to several emerging market currencies beginning in the third quarter of last year means that foreign exchange will again be a growth headwind in 2016. We're now entering the fifth year of this dollar bull cycle, while we actively worked to mitigate the impact of currency on our results, the impact of exchange on our bottom line would be more pronounced in 2016 due to the mix of currency movements and certain timing effects. In comparing our 2016 forecast, we were mindful of finding right balance between managing through these transitory currency dynamics in the near term while concurrently making the right choices in appropriate investments to drive sustainable long term growth. The other notable impact to our 2016 outlook relates to Venezuela, which has been a good market for us for many years. As many of you know, market conditions in Venezuela have become more challenging including high inflation, increasing price and margin controls, regulations on import, and slowing demand. As a result, our forecast assumes a significantly lower contribution from Venezuela operation in 2016. Brian will provide more specific details on the impacts of currency in Venezuela in a few minutes. So for 2016, our adjusted earnings per share guidance range of $2.10 to $2.20 reflects another year of strong double digit underlying earnings growth offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange and a lower contribution from Venezuela that I just mentioned. In this environment, we remain focused on what we control. Our commercial and operational execution, our innovations and our efforts to expand margins. In nutrition, our R&D organization continues to be highly productive and is now developing new products closer to our customers than ever before. We will be opening up several new R&D centers in Asia over the last several years. We expect continued growth and share expansion in China, Latin America, and other priority markets including another year of strong international adult nutrition growth. And while we've made great progress expanding margins in this business, margin improvement remains a key priority and we continue to see opportunities for steady expansion going forward. In established pharmaceuticals, our execution has improved significantly and were focused on strengthening our capabilities in key channels and geographies, and building a well-recognized added brand with consumers take a permanent role in making decisions about their healthcare. Internal development programs and local product acquisition are driving a steady cadence of new products in our established pharma business to strengthen local portfolios. In 2015, our productivity of new product launches increased versus the previous year and we expect another strong year at new product launch productivity in 2016. In medical devices, we expect continued growth and share expansion in our cataract business driven by the ongoing launch and market uptick of our premium intraocular lens product across multiple geographies. In diabetes care, we recently expanded capacities as I mentioned, to meet the strong demand for FreeStyle Libre in Europe. And we expect to bring this technology into a number of new markets in 2016 targeting in the multibillion dollar global blood glucose monitoring market. And in vascular, we continued to drive uptick of MitraClip and expect to bring it Absorb to new markets through the year. Finally in diagnostics which remains one of our most consistent growth businesses. We will continue to execute our commercial strategy to drive above market growth at both developed and emerging markets. And as we progress through the year, we look forward to providing more specifics regarding our next generation diagnostic systems platforms as we get closer to launch. Before turning it over to Brian, Id like to comment briefly on capital allocations. You always ask me about that and you know that we take a very balanced approach here which rest includes increasing our dividend, share repurchases, and M&A activity. Last month, we announced an increase to our quarterly dividend marking the 44th consecutive year weve increased our dividend. That is only one of only a handful of companies to deliver with such consistency. Share repurchases have and will continue to be part of our capital allocation mix. And lastly, while 2015 was relatively quiet for us on the M&A front, adding to our business with good M&A remains a key priority. We see plenty of opportunities and we will continue to remain active on this front. As always, we remain disciplined and focused on finding the right balance of strategic fit and measures of return that will benefit for long term shareholder. I'm sure youre going to have a question for me later on that topic. But overall you can see, cash flows remain strong, margins remain strong, the underlying growth of our businesses remain strong. In summary, the fundamentals of the market and geographies in which we compete, all remain strong. And we continue to focus on what we can control. For 2016, the impact of foreign exchange and the Venezuela dynamics I mentioned earlier are offsetting double digit underlying earnings growth. These impacts while significant are transitory in nature and therefore we remain focused on making the right decisions, drive long term growth for our shareholders. Ill now turn the call over to Brian to discuss 2015 results and 2016 outlook in more detail. Brian?
Brian Yoor: Okay, thanks Miles. Today, we reported fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share from continuing operation of $0.62 in line with our previous guidance range. Sales for the quarter increased 4.9% on an operational basis, driven by strong performances in our branded generics, diagnostics and adult nutrition businesses. Reported sales declined 3.1% in the quarter including an unfavorable impact of 8% from foreign exchange. The negative impact from exchange was approximately 1.5 percentage points higher than previous expectations due to the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies in the quarter. The fourth quarter adjusted gross margin ratio was 58.2% of sales, up 130 basis points over 2014, driven by continued margin expansion in diagnostics and nutrition. In the quarter, adjusted SG&A was 29.6% of sales and adjusted R&D investment was 7% of sales, reflecting investments in development programs across the businesses including several next generation diagnostic system platforms. The fourth quarter adjusted tax rate was somewhat lower to previous forecast due to inclusion of the impact of U.S. tax legislation inactive in December. Overall, as we look at 2015, we achieved our financial objectives for the year despite difficult environment. And we delivered strong underlying growth, while continue to make significant progress on our margin initiatives. Turning to our 2016 outlook, today we issued guidance for adjusted earnings per share of $2.10 to $2.20. While this forecast reflects another year strong double-digit underlying earnings growth, foreign exchange in the Venezuela dynamics that Miles discussed are impacting our 2016 absolute growth outlook. Let me take a moment to provide more detail on each of these items. As you know in the third quarter of 2015, several emerging market currencies weakened rapidly relative to the U.S. dollar and have continued to steadily weaken since that time. Based on the geographic mix with currencies that weakened and the rapid pace at which these currency decline, foreign exchange will be a greater offset to our underlying earnings growth in 2016 versus 2015. Additionally in 2015, our hedging programs served to mitigate some of the underlying foreign exchange exposure and volatility. While our program remains in place for 2016 and it anticipate to deliver some offsetting impact to our exposure. The benefit of our hedges have naturally lessened over time. So the follow through from translational foreign exchange combined with these hedging dynamics, negatively impact EPS growth in our guidance by little more than 10% for the full year of 2016. Lastly, as Miles mentioned, due to challenging market conditions in Venezuela, our 2016 forecast assumes a significantly lower contribution from Venezuelan operations. This impact lowers our 2016 sales growth rate by almost 2%. And excluding this impact, the midpoint of our 2016 guidance range would reflect adjusted earnings per share growth in the mid single digits even with the more pronounced foreign exchange impact I discussed earlier. As the year progresses, we will provide any relevant updates on our business in Venezuela. I'll now provide more specifics for our 2016 outlook. For the full year 2016, we forecast operational sales growth in the mid single digits. Based on current exchange rates, we'll expect a negative impact at around 4% on our full year reported sales, which would result in reported sales growth in the low single-digits for the full year 2016. Scott will provide more detail on 2016 outlook wide business in a few minutes. The forecast in adjusted gross margin ratio around 57% of sales, reflecting the negative impact from exchange was partially offset by underlying gross margin initiatives across our businesses. We forecast adjusted R&D investment are somewhat above 6.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 30.5% of sales for the full year. We forecast net interest expense of around $125 million, up over 2015 primarily due to higher U.S. interest rates and lower forecasted interest income in certain countries. We forecast a loss of approximately $25 million on the exchange gain-loss line of P&L for the full year. And we forecast around $10 million of non-operating expense for the full year of 2016. We forecast adjusted tax rate of somewhat above 18.5% for the full year of 2016, similar to 2015 and reflect in the effect of the U.S. tax legislation inactive in December. Before I review our first quarter outlet outlook, I'd like to provide some context for our forecasted pattern of quarterly earnings growth in 2016. We forecast underlying adjusted EPS growth in double digits for each quarter of 2016. However, in absolute terms for foreign exchange in the Venezuela dynamics, we'll will have a more pronounced impacts on our results in the first half of the year. We expect the pace of both sales and the adjusted EPS growth to progressively accelerate throughout the year. So for the first quarter, we forecast adjusted earnings per share $0.38 to $0.40 cents reflecting double-digit underlying growth, which is more than the offset by the impact of foreign exchange and the lower contribution to the Venezuela operations. We forecast operation sales growth in the low single digits. And our current exchange rates, we expect a negative impact of exchange around 6% resulting in a reported sales decline in a low single digit. The Venezuela dynamics that I discussed lowered our first quarter operations sales growth forecast by around 3 percentage points. The forecast in adjusted gross margin ratio approaching 57% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of somewhat above 7% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 34% of sales in the first quarter. And we forecast net interest expense of around $25million in the first quarter. In summary, we achieved strong growth in 2015 despite a challenging environment. Our business at end of 2016 with good underlying momentum and we continue to execute well on our margin expansion initiatives. Our underlying earnings growth forecast is to remain strong in 2016, very similar to the underlying earnings growth we saw in 2015. With that, I'll turn it over to Scott to review the business operating highlights now. Scott?
Scott Leinenweber: Thanks, Brian. Today, I'll provide an overview of the fourth quarter sales performance in 2016 outlook by business. As I mentioned earlier, my comments will focus on operational sales growth. I'll start with diagnostics where sales increased 7% in the quarter. In core laboratory diagnostics, international sales increase nearly 8% driven by double digit growth in emerging market. And in the U.S., we continue to achieve above market performance with growth of more than 6%. The molecular diagnostic sales grew 3%, led by strong growth in our core focus area of infectious disease testing. As expected, U.S. sales were impacted by the planned scale down of our genetic business. And lastly, point of care diagnostics where sales increased nearly 9% in the quarter. U.S. and international growth were driven by continued market adoption of i-STAT, our hand-held device which provides critical information at the patient's side helping healthcare providers choose the best treatments in a variety of care setting when minutes matter the most. In 2016, we'll continue to leverage our best-in-class model and provide customers with a full offering of solutions to help them most efficiently operate their businesses while improving care. We expect global diagnostics sales to increase mid single-digits on an operational basis with both the full year and the first quarter of 2016. In Nutrition, global sales increased 5.5% sales in the quarter. Pediatric nutrition sales increased approximately 4% and were led by continued market uptake of Eleva in China and Similac Advance non-GMO in the U.S. As expected, international pediatric nutrition were all impacted by a difficult comparisons versus the prior year when sales increased more than 25% driven by market uptake of product launches in China and South East Asia. In adult nutrition, sales were led by 10% international growth, including double digits operational growth in several Latin American countries. U.S. performance was led by growth of venture in the retail and institutional segments of the market. In 2016, we'll continue to focus our efforts on capturing share with locally relevant pediatric nutrition products and growing and shaping the adult nutrition category globally. For the full year 2016, we expect global nutrition sales to increase mid single digit on an operational basis. It's important to note that the Venezuela dynamics that Miles and Brian reviewed most significantly impact our forecast for nutrition and established pharmaceuticals. Excluding this impact, we forecast operational sales growth for our global nutrition business would be mid-to-high single digits for the full year 2016. For the first quarter, we are forecasting global nutrition sales to increase low to mid single digits on an operational basis. In medical devices, as expected vascular sales was relatively flat for the quarter. MitraClip, our first-in-class device for the treatment of mitral regurgitation once again grew strong double digits. And Cephea, our innovative endovascular stent continued to perform well. This growth is mitigated by market dynamics and the coronary stent market. In 2016, we'll continue to drive market uptake in MitraClip and Cephea and expect to bring Absorb, our fully dissolving stent to the U.S. market. For the full year and first quarter of 2016, we expect global vascular sales to decline whole single digits on an operational basis. In diabetes care, sales growth was again driven by strong international sales of FreeStyle Libre in Europe. In 2016, with the recently completed capacity expansion, we look forward to bringing this breakthrough technology to more consumers around the world. For the full year 2016, we expect global diabetes sales to increase double digits on an operational basis. For the first quarter, were forecasting global diabetes sales to increase mid-single digits on an operational basis. In medical optics, global sales increased 2% has strong performance in the cataract business, notably in the premium lens segment was partially offset by dynamics in refractive markets. In 2016, we'll continue to drive updates of our innovative premium intraocular lenses and we expect global medical optic sales to increase low to mid single digits on an operational basis for both the full year and first quarter of 2016. And lastly, Established Pharmaceuticals or EPD, where sales again increased double digits. Sales growth in the quarter was led by strong performance in several markets, including Russia, India and China. For the full year 2015, EPD sales grew double digits operationally with and without the impact of recent acquisitions. In 2016, we'll continue to broaden our portfolio with globally relevant in products, remain focus on successfully building our presence and scale in key countries are focus. For the full year 2016, we expect EPD sales to increase mid-to-high single digit on an operational basis. As I mentioned earlier, Venezuela has a significant impact in our forecasted EPD growth rate. Excluding this impact, we would forecast operational sales growth for EPD in the low double digits for the full year 2016. For the first quarter, we're forecasting EPD sales to increase mid single digits on an operational basis reflecting double digit operational growth excluding the impact of Venezuela. In summary, we achieved another year of strong underlying sales and margin growth, and are well positioned to maintain that type of momentum for the full year 2016. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mr. Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Sir, your line is open.
Mike Weinstein: Let's start with Venezuela and maybe you could just give us a bit more in terms of what you're doing, one, with your operations there; and two, the change you're assuming it sounds like you're marking to market the business basically at different exchange rates. So can you just walk through financially what you're doing? And again, why that's blowing the business as much as it is in 2016?
Tom Freyman: Hi, Mike. This is Tom. I don't  Ill talk about what's going on for us in the country, but I want to make it very clear that we're not changing our exchange rate assumptions for the country. This is really about what's happening to the market through economic activity of those markets, and really demand and ability to pay for products. The oil price was high at the beginning of the year, it declined throughout the year and the top markets became more challenging and we would talk as Scott talked about and Brian talked about significantly lower volume as we exited 2015. And as Miles indicated in his remarks with price controls, very high inflation. And when we look at the remainder of 2016 going forward, we see very challenging conditions and much lower volumes in the country. So we're focused on supplying the market, more focused on medically critical products. Our products are important to the market, but just the profitability of what we would expect for the year from that activity is a very low contribution compared to what we experienced largely in the first half of 2015. So that is a situation and I think it will basically take some volatility out of our forecast, but reflects the reality of the market we're dealing in.
Mike Weinstein: So two more fundamental follow-up. So one, the Pediatric Nutritional business had a tougher comp in the fourth quarter internationally on optimum product launches and particularly in China. Can you just separate out for us the tough comp versus the underlying growth and degree to what you think you're seeing maybe slowdown in any of your markets?
Brian Yoor: Sure Mike. I would say in international, as particularly and the slow down were seeing on the surface, nothing has changed about our underlying momentum here. If you go back to fourth quarter of 2014, that was the period where we were launching our innovations particularly, Eleva and QINTI into the market. And as you know, Eleva has had great success in the portion of the market that it's playing in. So there is a little bit of a tougher comparison, fourth quarter '15 over '14. If you blend it out in China there on the average, Nutrition business grew over the mid teens for the full year. And so that's more reflective of the performance for this business for a year and it's still ongoing. We still have the momentum there. We still have plans for further opportunities of how we compete and how we've been priced to the various channels. So nothing has changed about the momentum and it continues in the 2016.
Mike Weinstein: So Miles bringing you in here. So all this discussion, the underlying business if we can pull out Venezuela and we can pull out may be one or two other smaller items. The underlying business hasn't changed, but the environment has changed in some places and the price update for prices for assets has changed. Have your priorities on the capital allocation and the M&A question, have your priorities changed at all in the last six months?
Miles White: No. Let me go back, Michael and paraphrase that for you. The frustrating thing and I think it's frustrating for a lot of multinational companies that are U.S. based is the underlying market dynamics remain strong in a lot of places. Every morning we get up, we see CNBC. Everybody brings their hands about China, but whether China is 7% growth or 6% growth, 6% is way bigger than the rest of the world. It's a fundamentally strong market for us as our practically all of these emerging markets. Now, the oil-based economy, the ones we were extremely dependent on oil, take Venezuela  okay, there are different stories. And the volatility, unreliability and sustainable market there is different than just about anywhere in the world. So okay, there was an outlier. And every year there is going to be some outliers somewhere. And I think if you're in a broad mix of currencies and a broad mix of countries and geographies as a multinational, somewhere something is not going to be great. But the fundamentals of the markets particularly for us in healthcare are good. And yes, translating that back during this period it's unusual, it's frustrating. I mean none of this have seen this kind of oil price in couple of decades, none of us have seen this kind of currency pile on in a long time. So okay, that said, we all know that every multinational CEO has said in the last two weeks in his earnings calls and we all see it, we all experience it. Now, going back to your next question, has my expectation of our underlying momentum changed? No. Has my priority changed in terms of M&A activity? I'll tell you one thing about it that's changed a little bit. We've been looking at properties largely internationally. And I'd say, I'm probably balanced in that a little bit back in other way. I don't think in the past it was pretty hard in a lot of expansion opportunities in branded generic pharmaceuticals. And I think there are opportunities there. But I think as you and others, we've watched those valuations over the last year when deal heat turned and I can tell you that there was still one particular one that we were involved in an auction for and the valuation that that property went for, we did not win it. But the valuation that property went for was non economic. I mean just plain non economic. I would challenge the buyer to explain where the economic return was in that particular deal. They obviously have their reasons and they obviously saw something rest of us didnt appreciate. Id say is an understatement but the evaluation are at a level in some cases that you have to question prudence. And I think at the end of the day while we got strategic reasons we want to expand our footprint in different places. Those valuations when we redeploy the capital on behalf of our shareholders have to make some sense. And I dont think that we are anymore, and I think we are prudent, I think were disciplined, I think weve made good deals in the past. I've gone through so much of this where I've heard we paid too much, we didnt pay enough, we got a good deal et cetera. But I think some of things I saw last year said but I don't think I mind of losing that one. I dont think I've minded not participating that one. So I think right now, first of all I dont see a lot that people are offering up for sale in effect and you know the old maxim; everything is for sale at some price. Well the price of some of these things would be for sale at isnt prudent, it just isnt prudent. So I think you have to step back and say were not in that zone. Were not going to be that irrational in some cases and thats me, I mean I hate that Im going to see some of this in print later but I think that. So, you look at some of the currencies and some of the weakening of the currencies, we would do a lot of those deals in local currency, in fact almost all of them in local currency and Id say based on where those currency rates are today you could say its time, this is the time because there is not as much currency rift in a purchase in that particular market et cetera. But I think if I would think about mix of geographies and the mix of currencies and so forth that we currently have, I'm not sure investors would applaud further wading toward it just now. I think there is a prime issue here. Id tell you, having said that if there was a right opportunity and the right place and I believe that we are strategically very important to us or real opportunity for investors and you know the balance of what we first saw in both of that market in the position, currency and so forth. They are all lined up and the valuation looked good, Id probably do that deal but that was a step up of a lot of ifs right now. So youd say what's changed? Id say where Im looking and what Im considering it hasnt changed, its just shifted in some of its balance. I think, Ive got all the same sort of pharmaceutical opportunities on my radar screen but Im prioritizing some others now that are maybe more important I think in this market, this environment in terms of strengthening our businesses. Now Ive heard other CEOs say the same thing, Ive heard a lot of people say actually, Ive mostly heard bankers say that its a very robust, everybody is out there trying to buy stuff market. Ive heard it more from bankers than from other companies reporting. I dont think there is that many things out there for people to consider in our spaces. I dont think there is that many properties, I dont think there is that many assets, I dont think there that much to consolidate. So I think its fairly predictable particularly for an analyst in this space as you are to predict the kind of things that people are going to be looking at there is not a lot out there to consider. So I think for us we know what our strategic priorities are. We know what can help our business. We know where there's real plusses and opportunities and the question is whether or not the other parties whoever they maybe see the same sort of opportunity and we can come together on an overlap of valuation and make something happen. I know that sounds like textbook platitude but thats really what it is. There is a lot of people at the dance looking at each other and trying to decide whether they want to dance but I dont think there is that many opportunities to be made and everybody is in the same environment where they think their own evaluations are low and they are looking at evaluations from last year that will turn a high and I think youre in a zone where people are adjusting to what's my value. And so having said all that, am I any less focused on it? No, Im probably more focused on it if anything. But Id say were also pretty analytical about what we can do with the businesses and what's the right valuation and what's the right timing and so forth because you know we dont get swept up in deal heat. Were fairly strategic about it and I know that a lot of people think that a lot happened last year and we should have been in the midst of it but I didnt see anything go by that I felt particularly bad about not being in the mix of it. I mentioned there was one particular one we were in the hunt on and the evaluation at the end was so high, I dont mind missing it at all. So I realize thats a long ramble for you Mike but that probably gives you a fair degree of insight into how Im thinking about it. Were definitely not inactive thats for sure.
Mike Weinstein: Listen, I have follow-ups, but I'm going to let some others jump in. Thanks, Miles.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ms. Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank.
Kristen Stewart: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just to kind of follow up, I guess, along Mike's line of thinking, I know you talked a lot about more from a geographic point of view. I was just wondering if you could talk more about the balance of Abbott from more of a business mix point of view. Has the way that you've looked at the mix of Abbott from that perspective changed over the last kind of year or so, really since the spin of AbbVie? And if I look at the growth rates for this year, medical devices, the growth operationally was 1.5. If that division were to be separated out, I just look at Abbott as - it would be even stronger as a company and how do you think about that franchise and strengthening it, or just kind of the composition of Abbott today and the future.
Miles White: Well I think Id start with that would be all about strengthening rather than separating out, but we're committed to all four major segments that we have in the company. One of the important things about those segments is they are in relative balance in terms of size, sales, profitability et cetera. They have all got you now somewhat different dynamics and they have also got a lot in common, because the EPD and nutrition globally, they share a lot of channel dynamics and so forth devices, diagnostics, I mean there is a lot of different things going on with these businesses. But Id say first is balance matters in the mix with the investment identity of the company for a investor because we want to be reliable performer steadily over time. And as you know our proprietary pharma business avaricely grew to a terrific size and based on one product in particular. And so we were out of balance as a company and so we split into two companies. But we got balance in these businesses. That said, you know Id say from an M&A perspective and the places where we are looking to be perfectly fair, we are not looking to do anything with regard to M&A in our nutrition business today. I mean if something came along opportunistically we would look at everything but the fact is that business is - thats an organic business for us and all of our performance objectives and things we want to do in the nutrition business globally are organically driven and we think were in a good position for all of that. So the kind of investments that we make in those businesses and were a capital plant et cetera in the right market for the world and managing supply chains and so forth. The other three businesses are each a different tale, you know diagnostics Id say we got a very strong business here. Its actually a diverse business. Its wanted in a segment of diagnostics and if we opportunistically could add to it we would. Obviously all the criteria you look at have to make sense but thats a business where we dont really have to but if we had opportunities we will. EPD similar, you know weve got a gem of a business there and having done a lot of things to shape that business in the last several years, we are in the right growth markets, were in high growth markets, were in markets where the profitability and the market development, the retail facing, all the structural and channel dynamics for a brand of generics are good. Weve identified like lets say in priority 15 countries in particular that meet our criteria and weve got strong positions and most of those particularly important ones and were always looking to enhance our footprint in those markets if we can and expand our brands in those markets. Latin America was a great example of that and so there is still many geographic opportunities to do so, but I always make the distinction to investors and others that its really where we can distinctively differentiate branded generic pharmaceuticals which means retail and channel and so forth right till the end, other Latin American countries and so forth. And so when we have those opportunities its great to add on but what weve got is core business now, a very strong branded generic international largely focused on emerging market business where there is tremendous tailwind of market growth. So thats one thats opportunistic. And then devices, Id say its some of both. We look at that, wed always want to strengthen that business, we do wish to strengthen that business, there are a number of ways for doing that and obviously there is organic in-house and then there is our venture organization where we're building a number of small companies who are investing in other early stage companies and so forth and building our pipelines for the future. And then finally, opportunistically, there are available opportunities where it fits our market segments and so forth, and then there is always M&A. So we are always mindful of those opportunities. It gives you a sense of how we think about each of those segments. Would you think about something completely unrelated difference? Probably not. There are too many opportunities to build or strengthen the ones we have, and their needs from a strengthening standpoint vary. Some have more need to have more breadth of product than others and some are purely opportunistic.
Kristen Stewart: Okay. And then just thinking about -- I know one of the areas that you've highlighted earlier was building out the capacity for FreeStyle Libre. What about the U.S. timing for that and is that going to be a consumer product, or is that just going to be more of the physician product?
Scott Leinenweber: Well, I think it depends on what timeframe you're asking. And it's going to be both, eventually. I mean, right now, I want the fastest regulatory path possible. This product has been exceptionally well received in Europe. Spectacularly well received I should say. Consumers and users and diabetics and so forth have just given us an over whelming positive response. So that's good and we're just in the process now to releasing all the new capacity we invested in, in the last year. And we got the next way to capacity expansion underway. So it's kind of one of those great challenges where I want to play from my own perspective. The diabetic community in United States wants this product. And it's a regulatory pacing issue here. It wasn't so in Europe. And I would say no more about that, but I'm in a hurry because we know the value of the product. We know the reception of the product. We know what the physician community reception of the product is. We know all of that and the value proposition of this product on top of the medical proposition is just fabulous. I have great expectations for it. I'm excited about it. And there is sort of two dimensions to that. One is enough capacity, which for a while we'll have and then we'll have another tranche coming on. And the regulatory process for how fast we can go.
Kristen Stewart: Any sense on when the first product could hit market in the U.S.?
Scott Leinenweber: I'm one of those superstitious people that no matter what I tell, I'm going to be wrong. And so I don't want to jinx anything. So I'll say, I would optimistically hope towards this year, but I don't know.
Kristen Stewart: Okay, fair enough. Thank you very much for question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Novarro of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Glenn Novarro: Hi, good morning, guys. Miles, first question is on the Mylan stake. I'm wondering if you'll give us an update on this stake. What you're thinking is -- in the past you've said you're not going to be a long-term holder. Are you any closer to selling that stake? And will the sale be associated with some M&A? Thanks.
Miles White: Well, good news. You're right. We're not going to be a long term shareholder of Mylan. But the good news is, we don't have to sell it right away. We have the freedom to sell it. We just don't have an immediate reason to have to. So I'd say we can leave it in Mylan shares or we can leave it in cash, either way. And you ask if it had something to do with M&A. Well, obviously that might trigger it. I think it depends on what the price of Mylan is in the market and the manner in which we might market our shares and so forth. There is a couple of dynamics there, but I would confirm. No. We don't intend to be long-term Mylan holders. And well, we don't think holding this back is probably trigger of M&A activity. Maybe a little evaluation, but we're not particularly hung up on value right now. We did watch the entire Perrigo process and hoped for a path and we though until that stabilize and was finished, there was no point in being in the way of that. So that happened, that stabilized, that's finished. There is a stable market now for Mylan shares. And we'll just wait and see what triggers it. But we otherwise have no reason to move one way or other until there is some trigger like M&A, I would guess.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. Let me just follow up --
Miles White: If the price were to rocket north, we'd probably view that as a trigger too, to be obvious.
Glenn Novarro: Let me ask a specific question on your vascular business because, if you strip out currency, I think over the last 12 months, even going forward, most of the businesses are on track, at least performing in line with our expectations. But the vascular business continues to come -- at least relative to our expectations, continues to come in below. And I know you highlighted Absorb, but a lot of our channel checks are not very positive on Absorb. So I guess my question is what's the commitment to this vascular business? Is this a business that you need to build up through M&A and the reason why we haven't seen a lot of M&A, is it because the targets have still unrealistic valuations? Thanks.
Miles White: Well, I'll say couple of things. First of all, we're committed to the business. And I think these are the bigger market conditions here. If you look at the markets around the world, not just the U.S. but literally every major country in the world, the markets have stabilized among competitors. Share doesn't move a lot. It does moves a little. The provisions in these spaces -- they take a new product and they experiment with it a little bit and that's about it. The innovation here is at a point where I'd say, the incremental value recognized by the healthcare system is limited. If you think about what drug code it stands for and so forth have done in the vascular space, it's been a tremendous boon in the treatment of patients. But I think now what we see is this market is far more driven by cost and prices in either countries or hospital groups and others, trying to manage the overall cost of healthcare. So I think all of us see the same dynamics where we're increasingly challenged on more value proposition than just innovation. And I think increasingly the payer, whether it's government or purchasing people or insurer, whatever it is are increasingly more influential here than preference of physicians. You say, well, those aren't very good dynamics. Well, they are not bad dynamics either. We have to compete in this business just like we compete in a lot of other businesses. And I think we and our competitors in this business are all broadening our product lines or innovating in other surrounding spaces and broadening those offerings in the space. And there is still a lot of room to innovation, but it may not be specifically just on the stents. So that - what behooves us is to expand our business and to some degree, or to a large degree, that is M&A. And in our case it's been a lot of small-ball M&A and look to expand around those businesses might require to Absorb those kind of things or incremental. Well, MitraClip is very significant that way. We look at expanding into structural heart or heart failure or other categories, and we're trying to build our breadth in those other -- let's say, surrounding spaces that way. I don't think that's very different for any of the companies in this business, worldwide. I think it's been difficult for any market that have been kind of a robust-innovation driven growth that this one did back in early 2000s. It's a different market today. It's a different market everywhere, today. So is it a slower growth market? Yes. Is it still a very attractive market? Yes. It's still a very profitable market for all participants. And it's why it gets a lot of pressure from a cost standpoint from payers, etcetera. I don't think that's a secret to anybody. So while other make it a --performance of the business and say, gee, it's a little lower expectations. I'm beginning to think its just robust adjusting our expectations to sort of a reality of the value propositions in the market today. And so I think it's a very strong business, it's a very healthy one in recent that respect. We still invest quite substantially in R&D and innovations there, and clinical trials and so forth. We get innovations that are in R&D and in the clinical space and a lot of investments around it. So would it benefit from a much broader footprint? Well, it probably would. The question is how to get to that broader footprint. And I think the current medical device space broadly defined today, there is either a bunch of big companies or bunch of little companies. There is not much in the middle. And the couple of things in the middle are extremely highly valued relative to their current performance. And I think there is a lot of speculation or question about whether or not that kind of value will play out. So it will just evolve in little time. We've made a lot of investments in a smaller companies or segments, as you know, whether Tendyne or Cephea or others to expand our footprint here. So I think -- I believe in medical device space right now and long term, but I don't think it will be the same kind of space it was10, 15 years ago.
Glenn Novarro: You had mentioned priorities. Is vascular higher up on your priority list now?
Miles White: Well, that implies it wasn't before. I would say the device space has always been high on my priority list. And whether its -- the vascular space or the optic space or whatever, this has been high on priority list for a while.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. Great. Thank you, Miles.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Larry Biegelsen: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. It's just a one clarification question and then two real questions. On the emerging market growth in Q4, can you give us the trend of the organic constant currency growth for this quarter, please?
Brian Yoor: Yes. Larry, if you look at the quarter and you take out the impact of what we talked about a little bit slow in Venezuela throughout the year, we are in the double-digit range for emerging markets across Abbott's businesses. The emerging market momentum --
Larry Biegelsen: Sorry, Brian, that was for Q4 2015?
Brian Yoor: Q4 2015. And for the four years as well, double-digit growth to the underlying momentum continues in the '16 as well.
Larry Biegelsen: Okay. Thanks for that. And then so for my two real questions, one is on deal size. Miles, you've talked about in the past a sweet spot of $5 billion to $7 billion. That's one thing you haven't touched upon this morning. Any color on that? Is that still the case? And then I had one follow-up. Thanks.
Brian Yoor: In reality, we've got a lot of capacity and it just depends. We've obviously done a lot of small things and small can be measured in a lot of ways. I can remember when I thought a $1 billion dollars was huge. Now people seem to think of that as dinky. We've done a lot of things smaller than that and also mid size -- I don't feel constrained at $7 billion. I don't feel constrained at $8 billion or $10 billion. I don't feel constrained. So I'd say look if the opportunity is right, the strategic fit is right and the valuation is right, I don't feel constrained by size right now.
Larry Biegelsen: That's very helpful. And then I hope you understand the spirit of this question, because it's kind of a question that we'll probably get today. But I was struck by your comment earlier, Miles, when you said every year there is some outlier somewhere when you were talking about Venezuela. And I think, in the past, Abbott would absorb those outliers. So I guess why not now and what can you do to kind of mitigate that in the future? Thanks.
Miles White: Well, I think that's a good question. And I'd say what we always do everything we can to mitigate. Here is what's different this time. Last year exchange was a strong headwind for any U.S.-based multinational across the board. And I recall at this very time last year from December to now, you'll recall both oil and exchange kind of hit, kind of sudden hit accepted the oil price drop at that point was a very high level -- much higher level than where we are today. But there was this sudden hit in sort of late fourth quarter '14 and then in early '15, and everybody scrambled to readjust their ETF guidance for the year to try to deal with what they saw coming as currency and was already happening. And a lot of companies dialed back to single digit or whatever and laid it on exchange and so forth, which was valid. In our case, we said -- we think we can navigate through it and we did. And we had extremely strong underlying growth in our market as we still do. And it wasn't just double digits. It's been healthy double digits all year long. And so in our case, we were able to mitigate and off of lot of that exchange all year long and still deliver what was frankly very differentiated higher growth than many, many of our peers, even multinational peers not in healthcare. And what we got now is another year on top of that, okay, same sort of thing. And if you look at the exchange rate graphs, who would have thought these exchange rate could in a lot of cases, be even bigger. Even bigger exchange rates -- how we want to translate it to have stronger philosophy on the other side. And then on top of that, nobody predicted $25 to $30 oil. Now, that's a curve ball for the whole world. As so when you throw that curve ball in there, it dramatically unbalances the mix of their currencies because of the oil-based economies where lower oil prices really affect the underlying performance of the country. So you take a country like Russia or Venezuela or Saudi Arabia. Now these are countries, they are all strong countries for us. And to different degrees theyve been impacted by their own oil revenues and therefore their own ability to pay for products. Now, having said that, is Russia still a strong market for us? It is. Do we have the same kind of difficulties in Russia that we have in Venezuela? We don't. It is a fundamentally good market, strong underlying market et cetera. The only thing its not strong is the Ruble which is dramatically weaker versus the Dollar than even a year ago. And so there is this disproportionate imbalance in the pressures in the currency basket if you will from a little handful of countries where they already had currency translation, challenges just like the rest of the world. Except that they have oil dependence on top of it which amplifies it even more. And when you start to stack up all of those things, youll say, okay, could we navigate through this? And the answer is, we could. I can cut a lot of expenses, I can delay a lot of investments. There is a lot of things that frankly, I have the discretion to do. We, as a company have the discretion to do. And I could then say to you, well either have 5% earnings growth or high single digit earnings growth, but in our judgment, this year is so unusual this way with the ongoing depth of currency walls and the unusual circumstance of oil prices and its impact on its economies, that I would look out and say, I dont think its prudent to compromise our ability to the laughter all this underlying growth for one year. In suspect its more prudent to take out Venezuela out of the assumptions. Its more prudent to take that one out and keep right ongoing, and I think if you believe in the underlying strength of economies around the world, the ones that are delivering growth, and if you believe in the underlying growth of healthcare and those economies, and you believe in the underlying growth of all our products, if you believe in Abbotts ability to continue to access all that growth, then my judgment was okay, Im going to roll out of the pocket here, take Venezuela out of the assumption. If I hadnt taken Venezuela out of the assumptions, I'd be telling you right now that you are going to have mid-single digit growth on the top and bottom line. And you know something you think that was terrific in this environment. And if you compare this to all the other multination in our phase or, frankly, other multinational species, theyll tell you thats right now with everybody else. So in this case we said, if dont want to artificially compromise our investments in a lot of these businesses, whether its an SG&A investment or R&D or whatever, because of Venezuela. So I think Im going to take that one out and keep right ongoing because I believe in the longer term growth prospects of these economies in these businesses, and Im not going to compromise that for couple of quarters in Venezuela, so at the end of day, could we manage through it? Yes. And you know this. If you look back at even 10 years of track record of Abbott, its absolutely been reliable at double digit bottom line and high single-digit topline unlike almost any other large, diverse multinational out there. Weve been a very reliable performer that way in a very diverse world. So I dont say all that defensively, even though it might sound like it. I look at the world and say man, this is like a total different circumstance that anyone of us have ever seen. And thats going to make a judgment of how far do I go to push off what we ought to be doing to sort of wait out this oddball storm were in. And I think theres a lot of people who project oil prices are going to stay down for a long time. And yet everyone says, yes, but what is down. And At what point do these oil driven economies start performing better, 60 bucks, 70 bucks, 50 bucks? There is different thresholds where the performance of economy change dramatically through a lot of different businesses in the world, not just us. In our case, healthcare is pretty good, no matter what the oil price is. The dynamics of Venezuela are unique. They are unique. And even the Saudis. Do they still spend on healthcare? Yes, they do. Its still a very strong important market for us and so is Russia and so on. So I dont know, thats a long round of a way of saying, we made a deliberate decision. It was discretionary. Could I have made the decision to say, Im going to deliver high single-digit earnings no matter what? Yes probably, but Id have had to compromise the underlying momentum and whereas I didnt think it was prudent. For exchange, yes we can manage exchange. Venezuela, I think its more prudent to just take Venezuela out of the mix in terms of what our expectations are and thats an unusual anomaly. I challenge back to 2015, we lived through exchange, can we live through exchange again? Yes we can. And the single biggest in difference in our guidance for this year is actually Venezuela. I dont know if that answers your question but that was my judgment you know its not an inability, its more of a decision. If you look at our spending rates and stuff in our go forward guidance our spending rates are healthy.
Larry Biegelsen: Very helpful, thanks Miles.
Operator: The next question comes from Mr. Rick Wise of Stifel Nicolaus. Sir your line is open.
Rick Wise: Thanks for the question. Miles, hard to resist just asking one more question on Venezuela, and I totally understand the point you were making there. But you sort of said in your last comment that maybe a quarter or two of headwind. Wouldn't it be more prudent to think this might be a couple of year issue and might be structural? And then just as part of that, maybe for Brian, is the simple monkey math on this - you're really growing mid-teens, some of that 15%. If Venezuela is a 5% hit to EPS growth and FX is 10%, that's what you're really growing on a sustained basis.
Miles White: Yes let me deal with your Venezuela question first and then I'll let Brian wrap up with, close on what he just said about our growth rate. You know you could be dead right about Venezuela, I dont know but here is the difference for us. Were healthcare company and among our businesses there are products that are medically necessary and we have to pay attention to medically necessary. We dont have to lose money all the time, we dont have to be irrational, for whatever reason but were mindful that were a healthcare company. Were mindful that we have medically necessary products. Were mindful that weve been in Latin America and in Venezuela for decades and a lot of times in the past in decades, foreign companies have exited those countries immediately when the economics turned sour. And the long term commitment to that continent, the governments of those countries and the healthcare systems of those countries, they know that and they recognize that. Abbott has never done that in 90 years in Latin America and we are a fundamentally large healthcare provider in Latin America. So our judgment was to make these decisions one step at a time as we see how circumstances develop. Its a pretty big decision that weve taken just to say were going to take the sales and profit expectations out of our expectations for the year so that our investors, frankly youre getting news today that were taking it out of our expectations right, and yet all Im trying to do here is de-risk your expectations, de-risk your riding the roller coaster volatility here with that particular country, because that ones unique. And so we just chose to take it out of the estimates because we know were going to continue to have medically necessary products there but thats going to be in our view at a much lower promotional level even in the past. So for right now I think thats the right prudent place to be for that change I suppose anything to change. I hope the change is more favorably frankly but Im not listening through the graveyard, I just know that they are in a very tough circumstance as a country and they are volatile, they are unpredictable and its not a very reliable market as markets go. So I think this is the right step, you could say we shouldnt just go a lot further and Id say you know you could say that if you were just in some common industrial consumer or whatever good but I dont think as an healthcare company you can quite do the same things. So, I think we have to be a little prudent here about the medically necessary part, thats why were where we are. And Brain you can address Ricks final comment about underlying growth rate.
Brian Yoor: Sure. Rick, when you think about Venezuela and a decision to derisk this and just assume for a second if thats your reality, your growth rate it doesnt change. Your growth rate will actually become better as you move through time, so nothings changed about Abbotts growth perspective, they may even become better. When you think about what Ive said and what youve modeled in '15, you know that we had mid-teens underlying growth not for the impact of foreign exchange and we take these things that we talked about into account be about the de-risking of Venezuela on what it means to our earnings, as well as the FX, you are going to get right back to the mid teens.
Miles White: Rick, I think you did a better job summarizing than Brian did
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. And that concludes Abbotts conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor website at abbottinvestor.com, and after 11:00 a.m. Central Time via telephone at 203-369-3630, passcode 6422. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 p.m. Central Time on Thursday, February 11. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-21 16:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participations will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration, and Brian Yoor, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks, and Brian and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom, Brian, and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including the expected financial results for 2015. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual reports on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Please note that the third quarter financial results and guidance provided on the call today for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. With that I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles D. White: Thanks, Scott. Good morning. Today we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.54, at the high end of our previous guidance range. We also narrowed our full year 2015 adjusted earnings per share guidance to $2.14 to $2.16. The midpoint of our guidance range remains unchanged and continues to reflect double digit underlying growth. Sales in the quarter increased double digits operationally for the fourth consecutive quarter. And before I summarize our results, I'd like to take a moment to discuss two topics that have dominated the headlines of late, growth in emerging markets and the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Healthcare growth and demand remains strong despite challenges facing emerging economies. In the third quarter, Abbott again achieved double digit organic growth in emerging markets, led by Nutrition, branded generics and Diagnostics. While clearly there has been some softening in emerging markets, growth in these economies continues to outpace growth in the developed world, and healthcare is growing even faster than overall economic growth in these markets. National policies focused on expanding access to care and favorable trends, including increasing birth rates, aging populations and adoption of Western standards and technologies are all driving growth. Abbott remains uniquely positioned with our diverse set of healthcare businesses to capitalize on these trends, from birth to older adults and from diagnosis to treatment, in pharmaceuticals and innovative medical devices. At the same time, the strengthening U.S. dollar continues to be a challenge for Abbott and other multinational companies. We're thoughtful about how we manage our business and exchange in this environment, and we remain focused on achieving the right balance of returns to shareholders and investing in the business to drive long-term growth. I'll now summarize our third quarter results before turning the call over to Brian and Scott, and then we'll be back for questions. I'll start with Diagnostics, where we achieved sales growth of 8% in the quarter, driven by continued above market performance in core laboratory and Point of Care diagnostics. We continued to capture share and win new core laboratory accounts with our customer focused solutions. In Point of Care diagnostics, we achieved another quarter of double-digit sales growth. We continued to expand our presence in key developed and emerging markets and capture share in the U.S. through adoption of our market-leading i-STAT System in large hospitals, physician office labs and remote care settings. In Nutrition, sales increased 6.5% led by growth in our international pediatric business. In China we again achieved double digit growth driven by continued market uptake of our Eleva infant formula and online offerings in the premium segment. The international adult nutrition business continues to achieve strong performance, including double digit growth in Latin America as we continue to build and shape the adult nutrition category globally. In Medical Devices, as expected, our vision care business saw a sequential improvement in growth led by strong performance in our cataract business. The underlying fundamentals of the cataract market remain attractive, and continued market uptake of several recently launched products is driving above market growth. In vascular, sales growth was led by double digit growth of MitraClip, the market-leading device for the minimally invasive treatment of mitral regurgitation. And in diabetes care, sales growth was led by international performance. We continue to receive positive response to FreeStyle Libre, our new sensing technology that helps people self manage their diabetes without the need for routine finger sticks. Our capacity expansion remains on track to meet the growing demand for the differentiated product. In Established Pharmaceuticals, sales again increased double digits, excluding the impact from recent acquisitions and foreign exchange. Growth continues to be driven by India, Russia, China and several countries throughout Latin America. This business continues to deliver above market growth through improved commercial execution, expansion of product portfolios in our therapeutic areas of focus, and driving more awareness of our Abbott brand with consumers, physicians and pharmacists. So in summary, we achieved another quarter of double digit operational sales growth. We continue to see strong underlying growth broadly across emerging markets and all of our businesses. And despite a challenging currency environment, we remain on track to achieve our financial objectives in 2015, reflecting the strong outlook we forecasted for EPS growth at the beginning of the year. I'll now turn the call over to Brian and Scott to discuss our third quarter results in more detail. Brian?
Brian B. Yoor: Thanks, Miles. As Miles previously stated, today we reported third quarter adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.54, at the upper end of our previous guidance range. Sales for the quarter increased 10.9% on an operational basis. That is excluding an unfavorable impact of 9.5% from foreign exchange. The negative impact from exchange was somewhat higher than previous expectations due to strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies in the quarter. Reported sales increased 1.4% in the quarter. Operational sales growth was driven by strong performance in our Diagnostics and branded generics businesses. As Miles mentioned, Abbott sales growth in emerging markets remains strong, increasing double digits on an organic basis in the quarter. Given continued investor interest in the Chinese economy, I'd note that our sales in China, which represents about 8% of our overall sales, increased double digits overall and across each of our reportable business segments. The third quarter adjusted gross margin ratio was 57.5% of sales, up 200 basis points over 2014 and slightly ahead of our forecast, driven by continued margin expansion in Diagnostics and Nutrition. In the quarter, adjusted R&D investment was 6.2% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 31.4% of sales. Turning to our full-year 2015 outlook, today we narrowed our adjusted EPS guidance to $2.14 to $2.16. The midpoint of our guidance range remains unchanged and excluding the impact from foreign exchange, reflects strong double digit underlying growth over 2014. We continue to forecast operational sales growth in the high single digits for the full year 2015. Based on current exchange rates, we now expect exchange to have a negative impact of approximately 8% on our full-year reported sales, somewhat higher than our prior expectations and reflecting the move that we've seen against the U.S. dollar since July of various currencies. This would result in reported sales growth in the low single digits for the full year 2015. Scott will review the growth outlooks by business in a few minutes. For the full year, we forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio around 58% of sales, reflecting gross margin improvement initiatives across our businesses. We continue to forecast adjusted R&D investment of around 6.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense approaching 32% of sales. Overall, we expect to expand our full-year adjusted operating margin by more than 100 basis points in 2015. We now forecast a gain of around $50 million on the exchange gain loss line of the P&L for the full year which is offset by exchange impacts on the operating lines of P&L over the course of the year. Turning to the outlook for the fourth quarter of 2015, we forecast operational sales growth in the mid single digits. At current exchange rates, we'd expect a negative impact from exchange of around 6.5% of sales, resulting in a low single digit decline in reported sales. The sales impact from exchange in the fourth quarter is expected to be less negative than the third quarter as we will be lapping the currency effects that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2014. We forecast a fourth quarter adjusted gross margin ratio of around 59% of sales. We forecast adjusted R&D investment of somewhat above 7% of sales, which reflects the planned timing of development programs, including investment in several next generation diagnostics platforms. And we forecast adjusted SG&A expense of around 30% of sales in the fourth quarter. Finally, we project specified items of $0.28 in the fourth quarter, reflecting the same items as we identified for the full year in our earnings release, with the exception of the gain on the sale of a portion of our Mylan shares which occurred in the second quarter. In summary, we achieved another strong quarter and a strong underlying performance and are on track to achieve our financial objectives for the year. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott to review the business operating highlights and our outlook. Scott?
Scott Leinenweber: Thanks, Brian. Today I will provide an overview of our third quarter sales performance and outlook by business. As I mentioned earlier, my comments will focus on operational sales growth. I'll start with Diagnostics, where sales increased 8% in the quarter. In core laboratory diagnostics, both U.S. and international sales increased 8%. Double digit growth in emerging markets and share gains globally continued to drive above market performance in this business. In molecular diagnostics, sales were led by 10% international growth, as well as double digit growth in our infectious disease testing segment. As expected, U.S. sales were impacted by the continued slowdown of our genetics business as we scale down this business. And lastly, Point of Care diagnostics, where sales increased 12% in the quarter. U.S. and international growth were driven by continued market adoption of i-STAT, our hand-held device which provides critical information that helps clinicians make quick and informed decisions. For the fourth quarter, we expect global diagnostic sales to increase mid single digits on an operational basis. In Nutrition, global sales increased 6.5%, reflecting a sequential improvement in growth over the prior quarter. Pediatric nutrition sales increased approximately 10% and were led by continued market uptake of Eleva in China and Similac Advance non-GMO in the U.S. During the quarter, we continued to expand our non-GMO product portfolio in the U.S. with new launches in the tolerance and up-age categories. In adult nutrition, sales were led by 8% international growth, including double digit growth in Latin America. As expected, U.S. adult nutrition sales were impacted by competitive and market dynamics. For the fourth quarter, we expect global Nutrition sales to increase mid-single digits on an operational basis. In Medical Devices, modest sales growth in our vascular business was led by 5% growth in endovascular sales and double digit growth in MitraClip. During the quarter, we further solidified our leadership position in the transcatheter mithral valve device market with the acquisition of Tendyne and an option agreement to acquire Cephea Valve Technologies. Along with MitraClip, these technologies position Abbott well to sustain our leadership position in this market. For the fourth quarter, we expect global vascular sales growth to be relatively flat on an operational basis. In diabetes care, sales growth was led by international performance, including strong growth of FreeStyle Libre in Europe. For the fourth quarter, we forecast low single-digit operational sales growth in our global diabetes care business. In medical optics, as expected, sales increased sequentially over the prior quarter. Growth was led by strong performance in our cataract business, which represents around 70% of our medical optics sales. Continued market adoption of our premium intraocular lens products, including lenses that provide patients with more range of vision options, are driving high single digit growth in our cataract business. For the fourth quarter, we forecast mid single digit operational sales growth in our global medical optics business. And lastly, Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, where sales again increased double digits with and without the impact of recent acquisitions. Sales growth in the quarter was led by strong performance in several markets, including Latin America, where a broader product portfolio and expanded sales force from the integration of CFR Pharmaceuticals are driving double digit underlying sales growth. For the fourth quarter, we expect low double digit operating sales growth in EPD. So in summary, we achieved another quarter of strong underlying sales growth and are well positioned to deliver our financial targets for the full year 2015. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today is from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan.
Michael J. Weinstein: Good morning and thank you for taking the questions. Miles, I think people probably first want to hear your thoughts on capital allocation. On the last call, I think people came away from and expecting that Abbott might be more active over the course of the quarter. Obviously, we saw 10.9%, but I think people's expectations were a little bit higher. So can you just give us your current thoughts on business development activity and how you're thinking about the balance sheet? Thanks.
Miles D. White: Yeah thanks, Mike. I'd say basically no change from last quarter. I'd describe a little bit of macro environment. I'd call it exuberance of activity in this space, meaning healthcare in particular, pharmaceuticals, et cetera. It clearly came to a halt, I'd say, mid-summer. And it doesn't reflect that there aren't the same opportunities or the opportunities that we've been interested in, but activity slowed. I'd say we didn't miss anything. We're still absolutely as active as we wanted to be. I might like to have gotten more done too, but I think sometimes these things take time. And we haven't missed an opportunity. There's one opportunity that went by where I'd say the valuation was such that it obviously was a lot more valuable to somebody else than it would have been to us, and I don't regret missing it. But in general, I think there's been a slowing, but not so much a change in valuation expectations in some of the businesses out there. We're still every bit as active and interested. So on the M&A front, I'd say that remains a very high priority. It's hard to say something gets done within a few months, but I'd say we're all going have to just be patient here while it sorts out. And rest assured, we have not backed off one iota. In terms of capital allocation in general, I like our position. We've got capacity. We've maintained a strong dividend. We'll continue to do so. We think we've got the right balance here in terms of share buyback, investment in the business, et cetera. So I think in general, all those different constituencies who value some portion of our capital allocation will continue to be satisfied or pleased with what we're doing.
Michael J. Weinstein: Okay. And the emerging market performance is obviously encouraging. People were clearly concerned during the quarter about the potential slowdown in China, as well as other markets. Anything in the quarter that you viewed as one-time, whether it be tenders or something that might've benefited the Nutritionals business? Was that a pretty clean picture of your emerging market performance, particularly in Nutritionals?
Miles D. White: Well first, let me say, I think the emerging market performance was a lot stronger than people expected. I think there's been a lot of concern about the slowing of various emerging markets, in particular China. And while the overall economies in some of these markets have slowed, it hasn't been the same in healthcare, and it hasn't been the same in the businesses we're in. Those have not slowed in the same way. And so our performance in the emerging markets remains strong in spite of what we might see in construction industries or other consumer areas, or I can pick a whole lot of different areas that clearly have slowed or investment has slowed in emerging markets, but it's not been so in healthcare. That has remained pretty strong, and I think above expectations, and we're gratified by that. We're glad that's the case. The single biggest thing, Mike, as you know, that's affected all of us in emerging markets is exchange and across the board. I mean last quarter was among the toughest I've seen from an exchange standpoint and you say to yourself, we got to go where the growth is and the growth is clearly attractive in emerging markets. It's double digits. It's healthy, strong double digits on the top line, and we'd all give anything for strong double digits on the top line, and that's there. But again, it's mitigated by pretty strong currency headwind and while none of us are great prognosticators of when that may ease, when it does, I think that the strength and robustness of emerging markets will really, really show. But in the meantime, I'm glad to have the growth of the emerging economies as we do and we continue to be very enthusiastic about them. That said, we have to navigate exchange. To this point, to your specific question about whether or not there's any one-timers here, not that I see or I can think of off hand. I mean everybody around the table here is shaking their heads and nope. So yeah, you're right, it's a clean picture and we're pleased with how that picture is developing and there's no oddities in here or whatever. I'd like to put a one-timer in there of an acquisition here and there and as you know, from the first part of your question, and we'll see.
Michael J. Weinstein: Okay, great. Congratulations. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank.
Kristen M. Stewart: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to just focus on the diagnostics business because that has continued to actually perform quite well and just the sustainability of that. You also commented in the release that you continue to see operating margin expansion there. Can you maybe just flesh that out a little bit more?
Miles D. White: Well actually, we've been very pleased with the steady growth of that business. It's been a very strong grower for us, frankly across the board. It's done very well in both developed and emerging markets, and I think it's done that with great commercial execution. It's probably the strongest commercial organization in our company, and they've done a great job in terms of their enterprise selling model and improvement of service and so forth, and they've got a very healthy and broad pipeline of new systems coming. I'd say the breadth and magnitude of new products in development has probably never been bigger or better in diagnostics, so the coming three to five years here, at least as far out as I can see, and because I don't know that any of us can forecast more than a year ahead at this rate. But in any case, what they've got coming in terms of new products is going to drive a lot of growth and share gains. So we're looking forward to the eventual launch of all the different systems and products in development to sustain that growth and we've put that in the hands of a really great commercial team and service team and I think this is highly sustainable. It tends to fluctuate between 6% and 8% top line growth, kind of goes up and down a little bit in cycles. But in any case, anywhere in there is pretty healthy growth in this business, particularly in the core laboratory business. We've seen pretty good improvement in the point of care business, particularly as we expand internationally, and that's been good. We've had some ups and downs in the molecular business, but I think we've stabilized our plans there and looking forward to how that will go forward. So I would just say in general it's been a real bright spot for us and a steady one. On a margin improvement basis, they have done a really great job, as has our Nutrition business, at gross margin improvement. And while it may sound odd, at some point you say, gee, I think we might be overdoing it here. Let's invest more and more and more, and we're sustaining investments even with this margin, which is very healthy, we're sustaining investment in a lot of R&D programs and -- that are expensive. The R&D in this business when you're doing major system development and assay development is expensive and we've got an unprecedented portfolio of things in development and that remains a high priority for our internal investment. I'd say they are one of the most efficient commercial organizations I've seen. There's not a lot of waste here and they spend very efficiently, they're very effective. They get great bang for the buck and consequently, the margin in this business is just exceptional. So I'd say they've done a great job, and at this point, we think there's still room to improve gross margin, and so we continue to. Don't know what else to say about it, except it's just very gratifying to see how well they're doing.
Kristen M. Stewart: And then I know you had mentioned, touched a little bit on the Nutritional margins. You'd think, I mean this year it's been pretty impressive to see if you look, excluding currency, just on the overall leverage that you've seen through the business into the bottom line. Do you think that that level, maybe not this level in 2015 is sustainable, but do you still see the opportunities for leverage going forward?
Miles D. White: Yeah, I see some opportunities. It's been a focus there now for four or five years, and we've seen steady incremental improvement. Of course early on, there's low hanging fruit that you pick, and then other things take some investment and some shift in your manufacturing and other things. And I think that we have begun to see the benefits of a lot of the things that took longer to get at. So I do, I think there's more, I do. Do I think there's another 500 basis points or something? Geez, I wouldn't forecast that even if I thought so. So I think there's still room for steady improvement there. We have not been dependent on price to get it. In fact, we've been very careful not to rely on that. I think when you rely on price, you don't get at the underlying fundamentals of how you operate your business. At some point, I think we're going to feel the pressure of commodity prices. We've been fortunate in the last couple of years that we've gotten some great benefit from lower cost, lower priced commodities. At some point that will turn, and we've tried to put plans in place to be able to mitigate that when the time comes, so I think that will be some pressure on us sometime in the future and we should probably anticipate that at some point. So we keep our focus on continuing to manage cost, input costs, et cetera, because I think that will be coming someday and we should expect that.
Kristen M. Stewart: Okay; great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Roman from Goldman Sachs.
David Harrison Roman: Thank you, and good morning, everybody. I wanted to just start with the total top line picture, and by just by our own math, it looks like the organic growth rate, I guess excluding acquisitions, accelerated once again to north of 7% this quarter, representing the fastest level of growth I think you've had since the spin. So maybe, Miles, a) is that correct? And b) maybe you could sort of talk about some of the factors that have come together over the past couple quarters to give you that level of growth and your view on the sustainability thereof.
Miles D. White: You're spot on. The overall organic growth rate, if you exclude exchange impact and acquisitions, is about 7.5%. The factors that have driven it, a lot of the things that we put in place in our pharmaceutical business, our generic pharma business, have come together. We're seeing much better commercial execution. We're seeing expansion of our product lines in our key therapeutic areas. You've seen the focus of the business in a number of areas of the world where the growth is clearly helping to sustain the business. So I'd say if nothing else changed, which is not likely, but if nothing else changed, I think the growth rates we see as an underlying organic growth rate in pharma are sustainable for some time, I'd say at least in the mid to high single digits organically, and frankly we have ambition to enhance that, so we'll see. They've done a nice job, as our other businesses we've discussed also, of managing margin and margins. So I'd say, look, there's always surprises and there's always something happening somewhere in the world, whether it's an access issue or a licensure issue or a pricing issue. Whatever it is, there's a lot of things that will affect this business, because if you have the mix of countries that we do business in, there's always something volatile happening. But overall, it's been a fairly steady story for us. You may recall several years ago, it was not such a great story, and we put some emphasis on all the factors I just mentioned -- commercial execution, the breadth of our product lines, our relationships with distributors, our brand -- all those things to improve that business, and actually that's worked, and so that's done well. In Nutrition, it's a couple of different stories. In some places, we're doing well and we're satisfied with our performance, and in other places we're not satisfied with our performance. So I'd say while we can say today we're pleased with the solid performance of this business, the truth is we're not, and we think we can do better. So I'd say that's a plus to looking forward, we believe we could do better there. Diagnostics, I already mentioned. So I think the probably the one area that I continue to put a lot of thought and effort and focus on our segments of our medical device business. It's been solid, but it's some segments of it are not the robust growth areas that they once were, and they're not likely to be. They are likely to be solid core businesses. But our issue will be continued incremental improvements in products and then additions to the product lines and spaces around that core. And that's been getting a lot of emphasis. So while we're paying attention to the core, we also paying attention to how we can enhance and add to it, because I think it will be a fairly durable business over the long term. It's a of course highly profitable business even in the pressures of a different market. And I think it's a good strong core franchise that we can add to and build on. So overall, I think we'll see the underlying growth that I referenced earlier much more clearly second half of next year because if exchange were not to change  and that's a big if  if it were not to change, you'd really see the underlying growth rates of these businesses in the second half of next year, although you can see it now if you just do the math. And I think you'd see that there's some pretty solid good franchises out here because we positioned ourselves in the markets and market segments where the growth is. And part of that's emerging markets, and part of it's particular business segments where there's clear growth. I think we're going to see some of our businesses like diabetes care surprise people with some growth. I've got great expectations for FreeStyle Libre. And as I mentioned, our capacity expansion there is well along. And it won't be long before we'll be able to release more sales of that product, which has been hampered by our capacity to produce. So I think there's a number of things that will sustain growth for us, so and I'm pleased with that. It's the things we can't control, like currencies and so forth, that are of greater concern. But we all have that problem and we're all facing it the same way.
David Harrison Roman: And then maybe more specifically on medical devices. If I look at that business, it's still the one that remains a drag on growth despite the overall uptick in performance. Can you get that back to a mid single digit growth business organically? Or is that the area that requires the most focus from an external investment standpoint?
Miles D. White: Well, I think from my standpoint, it requires a fair amount of focus. If I went back a couple of years ago, we were having this kind of a conversation about the generic pharma business. And there were not a lot of people giving us much prospect of doing better with that business. And I'd say, okay, look where it is now. So I'd say, look, it's clearly got a lot of our attention. And I can't forecast for you. I don't think I should forecast for you what the growth rates are likely to be or what they will be or what it's going to look like when. But I will say this, we are in no way accepting its current standing or status. It's a strong, good business with best in class products in the market. The market's clearly changed some. I'm speaking primarily on vascular here because the optics business, it's doing well. I think it's getting our attention. When we put a lot of focus on something, we've generally fixed it and redirected its strategy. So I'd say we are in that process right now, and it's premature to forecast timing or outcome.
David Harrison Roman: Okay. And then maybe lastly on the M&A side, understandably you're not going to give us too much visibility into what you're thinking. But conceptually, as we kind of evaluate the types of deals you might be looking at, could you just sort of talk about how you think about the financial engineering cash EPS accretion that's seemed to be quite popular, call it six to 12 months ago versus top line growth and ROIC from your vantage point?
Miles D. White: Well I'd say I start with the strategic fit with the business. We're looking at growth opportunities, and growth comes in a lot of different ways. If you just start with emerging markets, if you put your company in growth markets and you put it in the current of the stream or the flow of business, you should be able to do as well as the growth in the marketplace. So obviously we look for growth segments, whether it be geographic or business segments. And we're in those now. So I'd say we are looking to add to or expand our footprint in places where we have that kind of growth. And then you want to be among the leaders in those markets because your ability to drive share gain is greater, and so we're targeting areas where there is clearly growth, and that means it needs to strategically fit with the businesses we're in. Now that said, there's a lot of ways that fit is accomplished. If you were to look at the pharma segment, there gets to be a blurring sometimes between OTC, OTX and Rx, and depending on the nature of a given geography or market or distribution channels in that market, there's opportunity for expansion there for us. So I look at strategic fit first. We're not financial engineering our growth. We're not looking to be a rollup that's got to go find a few more opportunities every year to overcome last year. We're looking for fundamentals that drive growth and expansion in markets and there's a lot of healthcare expansion around the world that fits us beautifully and a lot of opportunity for us access. So our primary focus is on businesses that relate to what we're already in or doing. Does that mean we would not look at businesses that we're not in, no it doesn't mean that. We'd look at businesses we're not in if they fundamentally have the characteristics that we as a diverse healthcare products company have or look for. We know what we can leverage. We know what we can do. We know what doesn't make sense in our mix. But we are generally very interested in things that strategically fit what we're trying to do as a company and we're not particularly interested in those that are, as you characterized it, financial engineering for short term accretion. I think we're always mindful of accretion. We're clearly very sensitive about dilution, as our investors are. It's one reflection of price. It's one reflection of value. It depends on how long something will take to pay off. And I think we've been pretty disciplined dealmakers, hence probably one of the reasons that we haven't seen as much activity out of us as we wanted to. You can make a lot of deals out there if you have no limit on what you want to pay. And I think in this environment, you got to put the right value on businesses and that means that your forecast about what a business is going to do in the near to long term really matters, and there's a lot of ways to do deal models to convince yourself that what you're doing is a fundamentally good return. But let's face it, at the end of the day, we're investing our shareholders' money for growth and for long term sustainability and that's what we're focused on.
David Harrison Roman: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate all the perspective.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matt Taylor from Barclays.
Matt C. Taylor: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask one I guess related to exchange. It's sort of a two parter, but the question is really on number one, can you just walk us through your hedging program? Remind us how your hedges were set this year and how further drops in exchange could impact the middle of the income statement and the bottom line. And then as related to that, I was just curious how you think about exchange in terms of being opportunistic with M&A. You've structured some prior deals where you've done deals in local currency, and that's actually benefited you when exchange has dropped. So just curious if that's something that's on your mind or is more of a minor theme.
Miles D. White: Okay. I'm going to phone a friend here for a little help on some of the exchange explanation, but let me generally answer in the following way. Depending on how you hedge, if you hedge your currencies at all, it's good for one year. It's not necessarily so great the following year as your hedges expire and so on. So you can be opportunistic, but at the end of the day, we're not currency traders and we're not trying to make money necessarily on currency. That's not our business. What we are trying to do is mitigate and smooth the impact of the currency on us so that the changes or swings or fluctuations in currency aren't shocks to the expectations we set for investors or how we budget or plan for our investments in our businesses or the long term continuity of our support of our businesses. So we look to smooth that impact, and to that end, we do hedge. We're thoughtful about our hedging. We stratify our currencies into three categories, those that are inexpensive and easy to hedge and so forth and they tend to be key obvious currencies in markets that you would expect. There's a middle category where it's more opportunistic in terms of our view of the trade-off of the cost of hedging those currencies and the ability to do, and the impact and the volatility and all those things, and that's a judgment assessment by our treasury (40:29) group and CFO. And then there's those that are just frankly either not hedgeable or they're impractical to hedge. And so we look at that tiering and determine where it is beneficial in our view to try to manage the impact of the currency, and then we do it in a rolling laddered fashion. You can think of them like rolling laddered bonds are laddered bonds or something. But we do it in a rolling laddered fashion on a continuous basis that is not opportunistic; it's in fact strategic and ongoing. And we do that to minimize the overall shock to the system of the ongoing effect of currency. We experience the same exchange markets that everyone else does. We experience the same fluctuations that everyone else does. Our longer term strategies affect where we put our plants, where we put our R&D, where we put our costs, where we earn our profits. Because our best natural hedge to exchange is having our costs in the same places where we earn our profits. And so we try to take advantage of as much natural, I guess, hedging as we can by where we invest for plant capacity and so forth and -- but that takes time. That takes time, and so I'd tell you, you'd find that the euro doesn't impact us as much as other currencies because we've got considerable investment in Europe that offsets the impacts of exchange. We're obviously invested in India, Russia, China, Latin America. We've got a number of capacity investments in all those places that will of course adjust with time. But that's how we look at it. I think that the impact of negative exchange on us as a dollar denominated company over the last four or five years, like any multinational in the U.S., has been pretty clear. It's been a real headwind. But the growth is in emerging markets. The growth in those markets around the world is far greater than in developed markets, and you got to go where the growth is. So if you're going to go where the growth is, you're going to have to make the management of exchange impact part of your strategy, and we have. Tom, anything you would add to that?
Thomas C. Freyman: No, I think you captured it pretty well, Miles. I mean obviously the hedging helps, it smooths, but it doesn't eliminate currency. If you look at our EPS forecast for the year this year, it's very strong, upper single digits, and our underlying growth is much stronger than that. So we did experience some currency this year despite some pretty timely hedging. It'll help going forward, but every year you are still going to have some challenges from the currencies, because that's where our businesses are.
Miles D. White: And I think there was a second part to question I've already forgotten. Could you repeat it?
Matt C. Taylor: Sure. Yeah, no, that's a great first part answer. The second one was just as currencies shift, if there were bigger drops in currency, does that change how you think about valuations given those particular countries where then you might have an advantage if you structured it (43:42)
Miles D. White: Well, I recall you asked if we have a philosophy on how we do any M&A in those countries. Look, I think I'd always want to do it in local currencies if possible. It's not always possible. So I think there's always an assessment of, if you're engaged in any kind of M&A activity in some of these countries with volatile currencies, can you do it in local currency or not, and it not, there is a risk assessment there of how you manage that. If it doesn't go your way, I can tell you there's a few circumstances where I've backed off from opportunities because they were going to have to be done in dollars, and I didn't view the risk on the currency as worth taking. And fortunately it turned out to be right and I was glad I didn't. But you can't always forecast or predict that, and so I think there is an assessment of the value of an investment you make for the long term to add to the company versus what your view may be the currency environment short term. But generally speaking, I'd prefer to do it in local currencies, but you're not always able to do that.
Matt C. Taylor: Great. Thanks a lot for the answers.
Miles D. White: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question, and maybe one on gross margins here. Really strong incrementals, right, and despite the FX headwinds that you guys are seeing, looks like the increments are really strong. Points out some structural changes in the business, right. So I'm just thinking sort of what innings are we in on the gross margin side?
Miles D. White: Well, there's two parts to that. We've obviously improved our gross margins with a lot of internal activity in terms of costs and cost management, expense management, et cetera, and some of that has been in investments in our own production and efficiencies and so forth. The gross margin has also been impacted interestingly enough by negative exchange. I mean, because it's a mitigating factor when our costs are in local currencies, we, as we just explained, have a bit of a self hedge there, and that too contributes to the gross margins. So you have to break it down into two pieces, that which is sort of organic to us and that which is driven in this case by negative exchange, and I'm going to guesstimate that's about a 50/50 proposition right now. I'm looking around the table here for opinion on that, but...
Brian B. Yoor: Yeah, there's not much impact from exchange this year on our gross margins. You're seeing the true underlying performance here, in what you see in the year-to-date results and what we're projecting for the full year.
Miles D. White: Okay. I stand corrected.
Vijay Kumar: Great. And then maybe one follow-up on, again I think one of the questions I'm getting from investors here is, look, I mean 3Q was fantastic, but as we look at sort of the near term, how do we put in context? You have certain elements of your business which are more consumer like versus parts of your business which are much more resilient to cycles out there. (46:35) So could you sort of compare and contrast how those two pieces play out? Thank you.
Brian B. Yoor: Vijay, this is Brian. So I would say looking forward, I'd say all of our businesses look healthy going forward, and I don't really necessarily separate it in terms of consumer versus I'll say the non-consumer, I mean because we're participating in markets where growth in healthcare has high demand. If you go back to my comments for example, all of our major segments, not just Nutrition, grew double digits in China. So we're seeing a lot of resilience I would say on the upstream, be that in our diagnostics, be in our vascular, and our other medical devices, in addition to the consumer side. So you're right, the consumer side tends to get a lot of attention, and the consumer has been quite resilient around the world. And you see that reflected in the demand for our Nutrition business as well as our Established Pharma businesses. But at the same time, there's a lot of investment going on in these countries because healthcare is part of their five-year plans, or part of their priorities to where they're also making investments in for example private hospitals. And that's playing very well into the underlying demand that's occurring across our other businesses, not just the consumer, but across the whole spectrum of health that we're trying to cover here.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from -
Scott Leinenweber: Operator, we'll take one more.
Operator: Our final question today is from Rick Wise from Stifel.
Rick Wise: Good morning, and thanks for the question. Miles, a couple of things. First on the EPD front, you did CFR in May of 2014. Just maybe help us understand, is it fully integrated now? Are you fully cross-registered with the products, with all the parts of your global business? I'm just trying to gauge where are you in that process. Clearly, you're seeing excellent growth. And have you achieved all the sales and cost synergies you hoped to? Is there more to come? Just where are you in that whole process?
Miles D. White: Well, I think generally, Rick, we are pretty fully integrated. There wasn't a lot of integrating to do, to be honest. The management that was running CFR is still in place. It's excellent management. We've had a fair amount of sharing across the board between the regulatory and R&D teams of CFR and the other parts of our business around the world. We tend to run them in fully integrated fashion in the various geographies of the world, rather than functionally from the top. So CFR has remained fully functionally integrated, which is a good thing. Now we did back integrate our Mexican and Brazilian operations into CFR. Or actually, make that our Latin American organization. CFR became the core of our Latin American organization, and we back integrated Abbott into it. We did that in every country, but in particular Mexico and Brazil, because CFR didn't have a lot of business in Brazil or Mexico, so we have fully integrated and combined all of that. I think that's largely done. I think there's always opportunities for further improvement. I can't comment on some of the back office stuff because I don't know, but generally we tend to integrate our IT and finance systems and so forth over time, and my guess is that's probably pretty close to complete, but it may not be. But in general, commercially it's fully integrated. Management's fully integrated. Abbott, we're very happy with the management team. It's an excellent management team, and I'd say it's clearly contributing to our growth, and the more we can expand in Latin America, the better. We picked up some other assets in other countries, non-Latin American, with CFR. Actually very happy to have those assets too and looking for ways to expand and grow those in those given countries. So yeah, I think that's actually been a real positive. It was everything we thought it would be, and we've been very pleased with it.
Rick Wise: Yeah, and just a second question on China. Clearly you've answered some of the concerns, 8% of sales, up double digits in each segment. Maybe a couple questions there. Is this, whatever the specifics were of the double digits, I don't know if it was low or high teens or whatever, how sustainable is it? And what's next in China? You've opened up the sales and distribution centers. You've launched new products in new categories. How do we think about growth? And if you want to extend it more broadly in emerging markets, but China specifically, how sustainable? What's next? Thanks so much, Miles.
Miles D. White: Okay. Well, I'd say a couple things. I think the growth opportunity in China remains as attractive as ever. China reaches up and surprises everybody once in a while in a lot of businesses. And we've had some experience that way ourselves. I think there's still a lot of opportunity for us to grow there in the pediatric business. I think there's opportunity in the adult business. We have not been pleased with our progress in that business. And obviously, that gets a fair amount of attention. But I think there's an awful lot of opportunity in China. I think as a very, very large market, and because it's China, there's always a certain amount of caution about how far one can go with growth in China and so forth. I think for us, there's a lot of opportunity. Our share position, or frankly the size of market in some of these businesses is such we think there's a lot of opportunity. So for the foreseeable future, barring any sudden changes or changes in policy or whatever the case may be, I think China is a pretty attractive opportunity for us, and it remains so.
Rick Wise: Thank you so much.
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator. And thank you for all of your questions. And that concludes Abbott's conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com, and after 11:00 a.m. Central Time via telephone at 402-220-9782, passcode 1784. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 p.m. Central Time on Wednesday, November 4. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-22 17:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Scott Leinenweber, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Scott Leinenweber: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration; and Brian Yoor, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks, and Brian and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Brian, and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2015. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1a, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly, any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. Please note that the second quarter financial results and guidance provided today on the call for sales, EPS and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange, unless otherwise noted. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles D. White: Okay. Thanks, Scott. Good morning. Today, we reported second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.52, above our guidance range and reflecting another quarter of double-digit underlying growth. Sales increased double digits operationally for the second consecutive quarter. Excluding the impact of the 2014 acquisitions and foreign exchange, sales increased 6.5%, which, as expected, reflects an acceleration of our performance from the first quarter. We also exceeded both our gross and operating margin targets in the quarter. As you know, macroeconomic events continue to be a major theme in 2015. Looking back to the beginning of the year, most companies, including Abbott, were dealing with the challenge of setting 2015 guidance in the context of the strengthening U.S. dollar against almost every currency that occurred late in 2014. We set our growth target high with a forecast for double-digit EPS growth, excluding exchange, and 9% absolute growth. Halfway through the year, foreign exchange is impacting results for Abbott at a somewhat higher level than we projected in January. At the same time, the fundamentals of the end markets in which we compete remain strong, and we've remained disciplined in managing our business in this environment. Strong performance has and will continue to help offset currency headwinds as we're well positioned to achieve our financial objectives for the year. With that context in mind, our full-year 2015 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $2.10 to $2.20 remains unchanged, which again reflects double-digit underlying growth. I'll now summarize our second quarter results before turning the call over to Brian and Scott. And let me start with Diagnostics, where we achieved very strong sales growth of 9% in the quarter, driven by continued above-market performance in Core Lab and Point of Care Diagnostics. We continue to capture share and win new Core Laboratory accounts with our customer-focused solutions, including the immunoassay business of the two largest commercial labs in China during the first half of the year. In Point of Care Diagnostics, we achieved another quarter of double-digit sales growth. We continue to enhance our product offering and expand our presence in targeted international geographies, including Europe, where we recently launched our wireless i-STAT handheld device; and in the Middle East, Japan and Latin America, where we achieved double-digit sales growth in the quarter. In the U.S., sales performance was driven by continued adoption of our i-STAT system in large hospitals and remote care settings. In Nutrition, sales increased 4%, slightly below our expectations. In China, we achieved double-digit growth and share expansion with the new Pediatric products we launched last year. At the same time, recent market softness in Hong Kong and Vietnam impacted our overall international Pediatric growth rate in the quarter. The international Adult Nutrition business delivered another quarter of strong sales growth, including double-digit growth in Latin America, as we continue to build and shape the Adult Nutrition category globally. In Medical Devices, our Diabetes Care business delivered 5% growth in the quarter, somewhat ahead of expectations, including international growth of 10%. Consumer response to our new FreeStyle Libre device continues to be very positive in Europe, and we're expanding capacity to meet this demand. We also made progress during the quarter to bring the Libre sensor-based technology to the U.S. with the regulatory submission for approval of Libre Pro, our professional use device. Our Vascular business performed in line with expectations. Operational sales growth in the quarter was driven by double-digit growth of our structural heart therapy, MitraClip, the first and only device available for the minimally invasive treatment of mitral regurgitation. In Medical Optics, sales were impacted by market dynamics in our cataract and LASIK businesses. We expect improved sales growth over the remainder of the year, driven by market uptake of several recent product launches that enhance our portfolio. And in Established Pharmaceuticals, sales increased double digits, excluding the impact from recent acquisitions and foreign exchange. Improved operational execution and portfolio expansion are driving above-market sales growth in several geographies, including India, China and Colombia. We're seeing the benefit from the integration of CFR Pharmaceuticals with a broader product portfolio in key therapeutic areas and expanded sales force driving double-digit underlying sales growth in Latin America. So in summary, we achieved another quarter of double-digit sales growth, including a sequential improvement in our organic growth rate, as expected. We're particularly pleased with our performance in the branded generics business and another quarter of above-market growth in Diagnostics. We continue to make progress on margin expansion and reported second quarter earnings per share results ahead of our expectations. And despite a challenging currency environment, which you'll hear a lot of, I'm sure, during earnings season, we're well on track to achieve our financial objectives in 2015, reflecting the strong outlook we forecasted for EPS growth at the beginning of the year. So I'll now turn the call over to Brian and Scott to discuss our second quarter results in more detail, and then be back for questions. Brian?
Brian B. Yoor: Thank you, Miles. As Miles indicated, today, we reported second quarter adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.52, above our previous guidance range. Sales for the quarter increased 10.8% on an operational basis, that is excluding an unfavorable impact of around 8.5% from foreign exchange. The negative impact from exchange was somewhat higher than previous expectations due to strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to several currencies in the latter part of the quarter. Reported sales increased somewhat above 2% in the quarter. Operational sales growth was driven by strong performance in our Diagnostics and branded generics businesses. Sales in emerging markets increased 21% on an operational basis. Excluding the impact of 2014 acquisitions and foreign exchange, total company sales in the emerging markets increased 11%. Given recent investor interest in the Chinese economic situation, I'd note that our sales in China, which represents around 8% of our overall sales, increased strong double-digits in the quarter. The second quarter adjusted gross margin ratio was 57.8% of sales, slightly ahead of our previous guidance due to continued underlying improvements in Diagnostics and Nutrition, and up 250 basis points over 2014. In the quarter, adjusted R&D investment was around 6.5% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense was around 32% of sales. Turning to our outlook for the full year 2015. As Miles indicated, our adjusted earnings per share guidance range of $2.10 to $2.20 from continuing operations remains unchanged and continues to reflect strong double-digit underlying growth. Regarding our full-year 2015 outlook for the P&L, we continue to forecast operational sales growth in the high single digits. Based on current exchange rates, we now expect exchange to have a negative impact of approximately 7.5% on our full-year reported sales, more than our original full-year projection in January of around 6%. As previously indicated, the increase reflects strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus several currencies late in second quarter. This would result in reported sales growth in the low single digits for the full year 2015. Scott will provide more detail on the 2015 outlook by businesses in a few minutes. We now forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio approaching 58% for the full year, reflecting gross margin improvement initiatives across our businesses. We continue to forecast adjusted R&D investment of around 6.5% of sales, and now forecast adjusted SG&A expense approaching 32% of sales. We forecast net interest expense of around $80 million, reflecting changes in interest rate assumptions on both our borrowing rates for debt and the income we earn on some of our investments. Turning to the outlook for the third quarter of 2015, we forecast adjusted earnings per share of $0.52 to $0.54, reflecting double-digit underlying growth, largely offset by the impact of foreign exchange headwinds on operating results. We forecast operational sales growth in the low double digits in the third quarter. At current exchange rates, we'd expect a negative impact from exchange somewhat above 9% in the quarter, third quarter, resulting in reported sales growth in the low single digits. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 57% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of around 6.5% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense approximately 31% of sales in the third quarter. Finally, we project specified items of $0.21 in the third quarter, reflecting the same items, as we identified for the full year in our earnings release, with the exception of the gain on the sale of a portion of our Mylan shares, which occurred in the second quarter. In summary, we achieved another quarter of strong performance and are well positioned to achieve our financial objectives for the year despite a challenging currency environment. With that, I will turn it over to Scott to review the business operating highlights and outlook. Scott?
Scott Leinenweber: Thanks, Brian. Today, I'll provide an overview of our second quarter sales performance and outlook by business. As I mentioned earlier, my comments will focus on operational sales growth. I'll start with Diagnostics, where sales increased 8.7% in the quarter, including above market growth in both developed and emerging markets. In Core Laboratory Diagnostics, both U.S. and international sales increased 8.5%, including another quarter of double-digit growth in emerging markets, led by strong performance in China and Russia. In Molecular Diagnostics, sales also increased 8.5%, driven by double-digit growth in our Core Business segment of infectious disease testing. Growth this quarter was somewhat above our expectations, primarily due to slower than planned scale down of our genetics business and timing of tender orders in emerging markets. In Point of Care Diagnostics, sales increased 11.5% driven by continued adoption of our market-leading i-STAT platform. During the quarter, we continued to enhance our product offering, including the U.S. FDA approval of our Total -hCG test, which detects pregnancy in early stages during critical emergency situations. For the third quarter, we expect global diagnostic sales to increase mid single digits on an operational basis. In Nutrition, worldwide sales increased 4% for both pediatric and adult nutrition. In Pediatric Nutrition, we continued to expand our product portfolio with the recent launch of the first certified organic infant formula offered by a large multinational company in China. In the U.S., we launched Similac Advance non-GMO, the first and only non-GMO labeled formula from a leading infant formula manufacturer. In Adult Nutrition, sales growth was led by international performance. As expected, U.S. Adult Nutrition sales were impacted by competitive and market dynamics, primarily in the Institutional segment. We now expect global Nutrition sales to increase mid single digits on an operational basis for the third quarter and full-year 2015. In Medical Devices, sales in our Vascular business increased 3%, led by strong double-digit growth in MitraClip, our first-in-class device for the treatment of mitral regurgitation. During the quarter, we completed regulatory submissions for approval of Absorb in both the U.S. and Japan, and expect to submit in China in the coming months. Collectively, these markets represent more than 50% of the world's coronary stent market. We also enhanced our Absorb product offering in Europe with the approval of Absorb GT1, a new advancement of the Absorb stent system that improves ease of use. For the third quarter, we expect global Vascular sales to increase low single digits on an operational basis. In Diabetes Care, sales increased 5%, somewhat ahead of expectations, led by strong international performance. In the U.S., we launched FreeStyle Precision Neo during the second quarter. This easy-to-use meter provides consumers with an affordable, well-known brand in the over-the-counter segment of the market. For the third quarter, we forecast low single-digit operational sales growth in our global Diabetes Care business. In Medical Optics, sales were up 1%, somewhat below our expectations due to market dynamics in our cataract and LASIK businesses. Earlier this week, we announced U.S. FDA approval and launch of our iDesign System, which creates a 3-D map of the eye that is 25 times more precise than traditional systems, and offers the potential for more people to qualify for our LASIK procedure. We now expect global Medical Optics business to grow low single digits for both the third quarter and full year 2015. And lastly, Established Pharmaceuticals, or EPD, where sales increased double digits in quarter with and without the impact of recent acquisitions. EPD continues to make meaningful progress in becoming a more consumer-facing business with an increased focus on branding initiatives, marketing to the pharmacy channel and building the Abbott brand in key countries. For the third quarter, we expect similar double-digit growth in EPD. In summary, we achieved another quarter of strong growth, achieved several new product launches across our businesses, and are well-positioned to deliver high single digit operational sales growth for the full-year 2015. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan.
Michael J. Weinstein: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Actually, I have a bunch of questions, I'll try and be brief, though. So, Miles...
Miles D. White: Let's do it as one great big run-on question, Mike.
Michael J. Weinstein: Yeah. That's usually the way it works. Miles, I think everybody would love to hear your thoughts on China. Obviously, there was some concern about how your China performance would look coming into the quarter, given Mead Johnson's report, comments from other multinationals about China overall, so we'd love to get your comments there. And then maybe a second item, you guys disclosed that you'd filed Absorb in the U.S., the initial PMA. Can you disclose at this point whether ABSORB III hit its primary endpoint, and anything else you can share on it? Thanks.
Miles D. White: Okay. Well, let me comment on China first. A lot of times, you don't know how you're really doing until you see reports of your own competitors to give you context about what others are experiencing in a market. I'd say, overall, we're pretty pleased with China. We're gaining share. The launch of our new products is moving us along quite nicely. I think several of us have experienced this cross-border issue in Hong Kong, some more than others apparently, and that certainly impacted us a little bit as well, but we feel pretty good about China. I mean, it's only about 10% of our total Nutrition sales and about 8% of the total company. So if there's a hiccup in China, it doesn't tend to have a big impact on Abbott as a whole. That said, it's an important market. This is an important business there for us. I'd say the fundamentals of our business in China are great. We're growing double digit, a strong double digit, I should say. And new product launches, going fine. We're gaining share. I'm probably less pleased with the development pace of the adult business in China, which is a new category, but I'm usually dissatisfied with pace no matter what it is. So I'd say we feel pretty good about China. I was surprised at the pre-announcement that we saw from one of our competitors, but actually gave me a little better feel that the issues cross-border from Hong Kong to Mainland China were impacting others as well, so we weren't the only people seeing some of that impact. So I guess that context helped. On Absorb, I really don't have much to report. We have a series of improvements or incremental changes to our product over time here. This is one of the first. So beyond that, I don't think I can comment on your question. Maybe Brian or somebody else can but...
Brian B. Yoor: At this point, we don't have any further information to report on the details of the trial, Mike. We file and then ultimately, timing will dictate whether this goes to Japan or not ultimately as we move through 2016.
Miles D. White: I would tell you, Mike, as long as you asked about Absorb, I was pleased to see that the Vascular business sequentially here, while it's not booming double digits, is still improving quarter-to-quarter. And even though these are low single digit numbers for Vascular, that's an improvement over what we've seen, say, the last year and a half, 18 months or whatever. So I'm pretty happy about that. I like the direction we're headed here and frankly, I like the direction we're headed with the breadth of the business, the next-generation products in the business across the board, and not just in the stent business, but other aspects of the whole Vascular franchise.
Michael J. Weinstein: Miles, just one follow-up. Can you just share with us your updated thoughts on M&A and use of your balance sheet? Any changes since our call a month ago?
Miles D. White: Well, you know, I tried to be studiously evasive then and I probably will try to be that now. So in some respects, no change other than increasingly, as time is passing here, our focus is sharpening on where our interests lie. And I'm pretty pleased with, well, the portfolio of opportunity. But as I explained before, it depends on alignment with other companies and so forth and their interests. So I think that while I've said in the past, sometimes there's not much out there that one can justify from a valuation standpoint or a fit, I'd have to say today, while valuations are high, I think there's a fairly robust set of opportunities that fit several of our businesses quite nicely and our strategies and intentions quite nicely. So I'm not sitting here on a pile of cash thinking there's nothing out there of interests that fits us. Quite the contrary. I think there's quite a lot out there that fits us well. So I don't really want to directionally comment more than that, because I generally don't like to telegraph where our interests lie for obvious reasons. But I'd say I like what I see, I particularly  I have to say, you're probably dying to ask me this as a follow-on as well  I really like that Mylan investment right now as a place to park our cash while we're looking at the opportunities we're interested in.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank
Kristen M. Stewart: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I guess with respect to that Mylan investment right now, since you talked about it, I guess what are the terms that you have to vote along with management or abstain from the vote just in terms of monetizing that and maximizing the value? You said that was more of a short-term investment, that you didn't have intentions on being a long-term owner in Mylan. So I guess how should we think about the still being a holder in Mylan stock or someone else's stock?
Miles D. White: Well, I'd say that nothing's changed. I mean we don't have an intention long term of being shareholders in Mylan. On the other hand, I suppose you could say, well, what's long term? And until we actually have to monetize that investment, I'd put it this way. Cash on most people's balance sheets today earns pretty close to zero. And that said, I think this is a pretty good place to have our cash parked, because I think that Mylan, as a company, is pursuing a strategy that I would endorse. I have a little bit of insight, given our continued dealings with our partners at Mylan. And I like the strategy that Mylan's pursuing and I support it and endorse it as a shareholder. So from that perspective, I think that this is right now, as long as we are a shareholder, we're going to vote in our interest and Mylan's interest, because as shareholders, it certainly directly impacts Abbott. And I think what they're pursuing with their Perrigo acquisition is something we clearly endorse. We've said so. We have the right to vote our shares on that particular issue as we like. And that's an independent decision by us. It's not one that the Mylan board or management controls. That's our decision. And we made that clear several weeks ago that we support what they're doing there. Obviously, Teva has other desires for Mylan, but my own assessment of that is a shareholder of Mylan is that's not likely to happen. And I think as Mylan's shareholders or Teva's or others' review in more detail the Mylan situation in the Netherlands in particular, and the rules around foreign acquisitions, whether in the Netherlands or in Ireland or other places, I think that their investors are gradually figuring out what the degrees of freedom are that anybody particularly has. And in our case, we know that pretty well as the largest shareholder of Mylan, we know it pretty well. So I'd say, we put our interest where our best interests lie and that's to support Mylan's current strategy and current pursuit of Perrigo. And we get to vote that ourselves, so  independently, and I think it's important for, not only our shareholders, but the other Mylan shareholders to know that since we're the largest one, and we get to make that decision. With regard to certain votes, Mylan would control the vote if they were pursued. So if a company like Teva pursues Mylan, Mylan controls the vote of those shares as long we have more than 5% of Mylan. But frankly, we're pretty aligned on that. I mean we haven't disagreed with Mylan on this at all at any point in time. So I think we're not just a passive ride-along here. There's our interests here, there's Mylan's interests here and we're voting our interests and our own shareholders' interest, and I think it's a good place for the proceeds from that transaction to be for now. And as I said, we don't intend to be long term, but in the interim here, while we don't need access to those resources, we certainly want those resources invested the best possible way for us and our investors. And I like what I see there and I endorse what they're doing.
Kristen M. Stewart: Okay. And then just on the strength of the results that we've seen for the first half, I guess why not tighten the range, from a guidance perspective, for the second half of the year? For the full year?
Miles D. White: You know, we could have. I suppose we could have tightened the range. The  I think there's enough volatility in the currency markets that I'd say, it would  my concern was, it would imply a degree of forecast-ability and precision that I'm not sure anybody really has. And there's a pretty strong possibility that we will beat this original guidance. But I'm a superstitious guy and I think the minute we try to be more precise than where we already are, Murphy is going to reach up and strike us. And I think that there's always some unpredictable event that happens. I can't predict what those events are. We're having another strong year in spite of a very strong headwind of exchange. I think the impact on us from currency this quarter is probably as great as anything I've seen. It's everything that everybody wrung their hands about back in December and January, as companies struggled to give guidance, and we wrung our hands too. But the fact is we set a double digit target every year and a real double digit target, and we did again this year. And so we set a high bar at the beginning of the year and we're exceeding that high bar thus far. But I have to say that given the volatility of certain geographies of the world and/or currencies, I thought I'd just go one more quarter. And by the time we actually change this guidance, you're going to say, we told you so, and you'll already know that we're likely to exceed for the year. I probably could have tweaked the lower end, which would have said, gee, I'm confident. You know I am confident. I wouldn't forecast to you anything that I know of today as a downside to this business, other than what we all see as ongoing currency translation. You watch CNBC or other things and people say, do you only invest in American stocks and don't invest in companies overseas? All you got to do is look at our underlying growth rates and you can see that investing where we are, in emerging markets and other places, is paying off. And it's very strong growth for us. It's very profitable growth for us. And I've said before, if you want to be where the growth is, you got to be able to navigate the volatility, and that's what we're doing. We're navigating the volatility. We're delivering steady, reliable, double digit earnings, net of exchange, in spite of how strong the exchange is. And I think that's what we're supposed to do. And I have to say, wouldn't have expected it to be tested quite so severely by this kind of currency challenge, but we're meeting and beating that. And given that we set a high bar early, I guess my judgment was I'm not ready to move that exchange yet or the guidance yet because I think it is pretty unusual that the currency is as volatile as it is. So that's one great way of wringing my hands in front of you and saying, you're probably right, but you get to be right at the end of the third quarter.
Kristen M. Stewart: No problem. Thanks. Good quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Roman from Goldman Sachs.
David H. Roman: Thank you and good morning, everybody. I wanted just to follow up on the capital deployment side and ask one financial question. Miles, maybe you could just talk a little bit about your use of cash strategy more broadly. I mean, if I look over the past, call it, four quarters to eight quarters, you've had a big increase in the dividend that occurred in late 2013. You've been buying back stock fairly consistently and you've now announced some M&A, but nothing significant. Can you maybe just sort of help us understand your broader capital allocation strategy and how we should think about the mix of use of cash?
Miles D. White: Well, yeah, and I think it's been pretty clear. I mean, it's a great problem to have. Gee, we have a lot of cash and a lot of cash flow and I think (31:49) the businesses are strong and they generate great cash flow. We're able to fund our plant and equipment needs. We've built a number of plants around the world in the last couple of years. We're expanding capacity. We're doing all the things you'd do to support the ongoing growth of the business from an internal standpoint and yet, we generate a lot of cash. And in some regards, you'd say there's a lot of different things you could do with that cash. We know that part of the identity of the company is a dividend, and so we are attentive to an appropriate dividend payout in a range of a percentage of EPS somewhere between 40% or 45% of EPS. And we tend to maintain that steady range because there's a lot of investors out there who rely on us for steady passive income that way in their portfolio. So that's one use of cash and frankly, we don't have any difficulty funding that. So I think that's an important aspect of the identity that's Abbott. M&A activity is opportunistic to a degree, as you know, and it can be funded by your cash flow or it can be funded by debt as well. We watch our debt ratio carefully. We watch our debt rating. We watch all those things. But I have a say, right now, while we've got what I think is a fairly attractive menu of opportunities for us from an M&A standpoint, you just haven't seen us act on it. Now, I would also tell you, over the last 10 years, you've seen us act on a lot of things, and we don't tend to forecast it until it's already happened. And so I'd say you probably should not assume that we're just sitting on our hands accumulating. I think investors expect us to deploy cash, and we do, and we will. I mean, that's one of the things  I'd have to say, leaving our cash in Mylan right now is good place for it to be if we haven't got something else to do with it. I'm not a big fan of borrowing to buy back shares. I think that's artificial and short term. Although I know there are many activists who might advocate such, I think we can deploy our capital to earn a healthy return, but it doesn't mean you can do it on a rolling quarterly basis. It depends on when the M&A activity is available or when the opportunity arises. So we're all about building and growing the company, and investing the capital in things that earn at an attractive rate for our investors. And if we have capital beyond that, which we always seem to do, we do buy back shares. I think we should  we do have a philosophy of returning cash to our investors at least at some level to keep our stock and share count from being diluted, et cetera. I chuckle a little bit because some investors or analysts out there condemn the practice of buying back shares, while other investors want you to return cash to them or capital to them as part of the return, and it's interesting to listen to these two diametrically opposed points of view. It's almost like everybody wants to be chronically unhappy. I think it's a great problem to have great cash flow and a lot of cash. We can fund the dividend. We can fund the share buyback. The question is how big in any given point in time. And frankly, we're able to fund a fair amount of M&A. And M&A that is strategically a good fit with the company and a good return above and beyond certainly what we can earn with cash, but what we can earn in a lot of things. So we tend to look at it in all those ways. Right now, I'd say it's in our interest to obviously support our dividend, maintain a certain level of share buyback, which we do each year on a steady basis and husband our resources for what we believe are some great opportunities in M&A. We try to keep that balance in the right balance. We do pay attention to the returns we're earning for our shareholders. And frankly, we track what our shareholders think about that capital deployment or redeployment so that frankly, we're reflecting what they're looking for as an investment. So I don't know if that specifically answered your question, but I'd say right now, the level of share buyback that we've typically done is not threatened in any way. I would not go out and do some big leveraged share buyback. Frankly, if I was going to go seek leverage, it would be to acquire additions to the company, which I think would make a lot of sense.
David H. Roman: Okay. Yes. That is very helpful, actually. And then on the financial side, if I look at your guidance for the full year, it looks like your targeting about a 19.5% operating margin. But as I kind of look at the comp set of the individual businesses in which you compete, that would suggest that there are several hundred basis points still of margin expansion left in the business. I guess, A, would you agree with that assessment? And, B, if so, is there a reasonable case to be made for consistent, call it, 100 basis points or so a year of operating margin expansion?
Miles D. White: Yeah, I think in the foreseeable future, I'd say that's the case. It's an interesting thing, we've done very well in the margin expansion, particularly in Nutrition and Diagnostics. And in fact, in Diagnostics I think there's more opportunity. But I wouldn't drop all of it through to the bottom line. I'd like to be investing even more in R&D and Diagnostics and some in SG&A. I think all of our businesses would take more sales and marketing investments in a heartbeat. Every business always thinks it's tight and it always thinks it has more things to spend money on. But the reason they call it discretionary spending is because it's discretionary. And I think to the extent that we keep improving the margins, part of that is good for the shareholder and part of it is good for discretionary spending, depending on the worth of the investment, whether it's R&D or sales and marketing expansion. So I agree with you. I think there's more opportunity. I think the Nutrition business has shown a tremendous capabilities to improve its gross margins. Now to be fair, we've had the benefit of low commodity prices, and at some point, that's going to end, and we'll see it change. But we have the benefit of low commodity prices. That's clearly reflected in our margins in the Nutrition business. I think the Diagnostics business has just made great strides in what it's done from a gross margin standpoint. There are days when I look at the margins in these business and say but for exchange, or but for price pressure in given markets, there's not a lot of robust price upside out there in a lot of these businesses, and yet, even in the face of exchange and/or pricing, depending on where you are in the world, the margins keep improving, which I think is a great credit to the management team in these businesses. So long way around, I agree with you. I think there's still consistent opportunity to keep improving margins. And like every other CEO of a multinational, I'm waiting for the day that the U.S. dollar weakens.
David H. Roman: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David R. Lewis: Good morning. Miles, just one question, one quick follow-up on some prior questions. Just coming back to China, you have less exposure to many of the factors that your competitor obviously described for their China weakness, and you're actually seeing strength in China. But Nutritional growth did come down modestly for the remainder of the year. So where specifically is that pressure coming from if it's not a lot of China?
Miles D. White: Well, we've got some challenges in Vietnam and some other places as well. The market in Vietnam has slowed, I'd say, kind of suddenly and a lot. And I don't think we're losing any share in Vietnam, but we've certainly seen it slow. And from time to time, we see the impact of government price pressures and so forth. But do I expect that to be a sustained situation in Vietnam? No, I don't. I can't always explain why any given market will suddenly take a breather, but they seem to. And in this particular case, Vietnam and Hong Kong both are impacting these numbers to a degree. Last year, Saudi Arabia impacted our numbers to a degree. And in a lot of cases, I think we get so used to watching China that we discount the impact that other countries may have on our performance. And the truth is we're pretty large in Vietnam. We're the biggest nutrition company in Vietnam by far, it's a big market for us. Same with Saudi Arabia. There are some of these markets that, because China gets so much attention, we tend to think are rounding error and they're not rounding error, they're important. And they're big markets for us. So when we see some impact in the marketplaces in some of these other countries, it does affect the collective numbers overall. Because as I mentioned earlier, China's only about 8% of the whole company, and that's all businesses, including Pharma and Devices, Diagnostics, et cetera. Our second biggest business in China is Diagnostics. And so China's important to the company across the board, but it's only 8% of all our sales and in the Nutrition business, it's only 10%. Our competitors sometimes are much more highly indexed in China relative to other countries. And I say that and the Danones, and the Meads and the Nestls, they're in all the same countries we are, but the degree to which they are dependent on China versus other countries varies. And in our case, while China's a very big business in Nutrition relative to the total of all the business in Nutrition and in Abbott, it's not as big. So some of these  the long story short, some of these lesser, smaller markets or countries also impact the look of sales. So what you're seeing here I think is more Vietnam and Hong Kong than fundamental Mainland China.
David R. Lewis: Okay. Very helpful. And then, Miles, you talked to extensively today about (41:48) the Mylan-Perrigo situation. Just a small nuance, was there a benefit to Abbott shareholders in expressing earlier support for Mylan-Perrigo than perhaps you needed to or are people just making too much at that particular point?
Miles D. White: Well, I think a lot of people are making a little too much of it. But I think that first of all, the rules in the Netherlands are a lot more complex than what a lot of investors understood, and certainly, about Mylan's domicile there. And therefore, what  there's been a fair amount of press more lately around the so-called structure of ownership in the Netherlands, the Stichting, and all these other things. And I think if one assesses the clear path to completion of Mylan's interest in Perrigo versus Teva's interest in Mylan, there's a pretty clear difference. And I don't think investors completely appreciate that because I don't think they know the underlying hurdles or rules, et cetera. And so I think that, I think, a lot of investors could have misunderstood or misperceived a choice that doesn't actually exist, my view, one investor. And so I wanted to make it clear where the largest investor in Mylan stood because I think that will influence other investors to take a closer look at the facts of what is the clear path to completion here in terms of the  what are thought to be alternatives that I don't think are. And to the extent that, that influence other investors to take a closer look, I think that's in Abbott's best interest as Mylan's largest shareholder rather than continuing to debate back-and-forth, an alternative that I don't think truly is. End of comment.
David R. Lewis: Thanks. Very clear, very important commentary. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn J. Novarro: Hi. Good morning, guys. Miles, I'm a little surprised just here, in the middle of the year, we haven't seen a lot  or any M&A from you. And I'm not sure if you're paying attention to Congress, but there's a chance that attached to the highway bill, there may be a tax holiday toward the backend of this year. So given the fact that a lot of your cash sits outside the United States, I'm just wondering, is that what's holding back any M&A? Are you potentially waiting for this potential tax holiday? And if there is one, would that accelerate the pace of M&A? Thank you.
Miles D. White: No. Yeah. The image that comes to mind is Charlie Brown holding a football for Lucy. Do I think Congress is actually going to do anything with tax policy before the end of the year? I give you a resounding no. So I would tell you, not for one minute would I hold back our M&A interest based on thinking that Congress is actually going to do something in some comprehensive and constructive fashion here about tax policy in the United States. I hate to be that definitive about it. You can probably tell what I think, but no, I  that has no impact whatsoever. And I'd say the things that have impacted us here up to now has mostly been us completing all the things that we needed to complete, which we've done. We think we're in good shape on all our transitional things. And it's more just our own pursuits and decision-making that is driving our M&A portfolio. I mean, we've got a lot of opportunities, I think, to support our branded generic pharma business, and we've got a lot of opportunities in the device space. And that's where a lot of our interest is right now. We'll make a lot of progress there. It will become more apparent by the end of the third quarter, I feel confident. Apparent doesn't mean there's some great blockbuster coming here. Those things tend to take time, and I don't know that I can predict time right now. But I'd say, look, we're  I already said  normally, I've been on this call and said there's not that much out there. Frankly, there's a lot. And  but it's all very highly valued and nothing's easy in the deal world, and I think you know that, even though there's a lot of activity these days, in fact, a lot more activity than we've seen in a long time over the last 18 months. So I'm not sitting here holding back for anything. I think we're moving along as best we can. I think the one thing that holds anybody back is the fear of overpaying or paying too much, and  or making a poor deal. And I think we've always tried to be disciplined about our deals. I always find that we're criticized for paying too much until a couple of years later, when everybody says, hey, great buy. We try to make intelligent deals. I don't think you can ever expect not to pay full value for something, but we're always careful about what we think we can do with a given business and whether we can add value to it and so forth. And trying to find that sweet spot where everybody's happy is sometimes a little slower than we might like.
Glenn J. Novarro: Okay. And just one quick follow-up. I'm not going to ask you about your view on the med tech tax. So I'll just ask quickly, in the past, you've said that the fact that your cash sits outside the U.S., or most of it's outside the U.S., it would not hold you back from doing M&A in the United States. Does that still hold true?
Miles D. White: That still holds true.
Glenn J. Novarro: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jayson Bedford from Raymond James.
Jayson T. Bedford: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess my first is there's certainly been a lot of conversation of you getting bigger, and I understand that, but are you also contemplating further pruning of the business, meaning product lines that may not fit as well, or visibility and the returns may not be there? Is that part of the strategy going forward?
Miles D. White: It is not.
Jayson T. Bedford: Okay. And then just a specific question, and following up on an earlier one on the Nutrition softness outside of China, I think you mentioned price in Vietnam, and I'm guessing Hong Kong as well. Is this is a dynamic that you'll be facing for the next three quarters until it laps? Or are there other factors there that would allow you to turn this geography around a little earlier?
Miles D. White: No. I don't actually expect a long, sustained downturn we've got to lap here, et cetera. Brian is dying to say something. Let me let him comment.
Brian B. Yoor: No, I just wanted to add...
Miles D. White: Brian was just there, by the way. So he really wants to tell you about it.
Brian B. Yoor: Yeah. So in Vietnam, we are gaining share. Remember, we are recovering. So all things are pointing the right way there. This is truly a market issue. So I think this is within our destiny to control. The good news, too, I think with Nutrition is when you look even beyond that area, we're growing double digits in key Latin American markets as well. So a little bit different dynamics and circumstances than maybe what we heard from others last week. So I feel good about where we're at.
Miles D. White: Yeah. It's hard to generalize because it  and we just had my staff meeting earlier this week, and we look at every geography. We look at our share position. We look at our competitors. And I have to tell you, every one of these countries has got a different mix of competitors. And different companies are strong in different countries. So it's hard to just generalize with one brush across them all. Vietnam, as I said before, it's been an important market for us. It is an important market for us, it will be. I don't anticipate some long-term difficulty here. But it clearly impacted this quarter.
Jayson T. Bedford: Fair enough. Thank you.
Scott Leinenweber: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Can you hear me okay?
Miles D. White: Yes.
Larry Biegelsen: Great. Hey, let me start, one product; question one, strategic question. So international diabetes growth accelerated nicely this quarter, I think you had 10% operational growth outside the U.S. Libre, the feedback is all, frankly, phenomenal that we've heard, but you're capacity constrained, I believe? So  and you filed Libre Pro in the U.S. So, Miles, can you just kind of give us an update on Libre? How big do you think that product can be for you in 2015, 2016? When do you think you'll be  won't be supply constrained? And when are we going to see the key European and U.S. studies that you have ongoing? And I have one follow-up after that. Thanks.
Miles D. White: I'll tell you, we think we've got a real winner of a product here, but we are capacity constrained, and that's our own problem. We obviously didn't build enough capacity for what we anticipated. We expect that to start easing in the mid to late fall. We'll have considerably more capacity online at that point, and we continue to invest in capacity because I  we believe in the impact of this product and the response from diabetics and consumers is, frankly, terrific. We intentionally slowed down our marketing because there's no point in creating greater difficulty in terms of demand for a while until we can fix that capacity issue, and we're getting close to that point now where we can go back to a more aggressive marketing of the product. But in the meantime, we're just waiting for that capacity to come online. Brian, did you catch the rest of those questions?
Brian B. Yoor: Yeah, it was with respect to Libre Pro, with respect to the launch that we had in the U.S.  or pending launch after the (51:52) approval, submission.
Miles D. White: The submission, yeah.
Brian B. Yoor: So yeah, Larry, recall, we just got this approved in India. I mean, this is a great opportunity for us to go after the doctors and the patients in a different way. We did file and submit in the U.S., and typical timeline I'd say here is approximately a year. But again, this is probably a modest segment, but it's still an important one for the professional segment that we're targeting. But I'd say, overall, between this strategy, as well as what we have internationally with Libre, and even our approach to the market here in the U.S. with some of our offerings, is really balanced and really helping us, as you see here, return to growth for the Diabetes Care business. I mean, to be performing in the mid-single digits is where we expected to be, and so I think everything's on track.
Miles D. White: I don't think I could forecast for you how big it's going to be. I don't know. I just don't know. What I do know is anything I'd tell you would be wrong. So I think it'll be a significant product. I think after, say, 6 months to 12 months of unfettered availability, we'll know pretty well, but I'd like to hit that capacity or the capacity release point where we've got plenty of manufacturing capacity and we're unconstrained, and then we'll get a better sense of that.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks. And then on a strategic note, when one looks at the  at Abbott's Vascular business, it doesn't have the breadth right now as its two main competitors. And cardiovascular device is one of the therapeutic areas where we have seen contracting across product categories, so what are the strategic implications of those factors for Abbott's Vascular business? At some point, does that business, Miles, need more breadth within the cardiovascular device space? Thanks for taking the questions.
Miles D. White: Yeah, and I think, I  yeah, I do think it needs more breadth, but I also think it needs pretty solid performance in the pieces it has. I think we can do better on the stent front than we're doing, and I think we can do better in the endovascular space than we're doing. Structural heart, for us, really, right now, is a product, but we think there's a lot more breadth there that we should be participating in. And then I think beyond that in the device space, whether it's Vascular or not, there's a lot more breadth. We created a different structure in our organization where we'll incubate ventures. Ventures can take on a lot of different sizes, and there's a lot of activity there right now. We have a clear focus on expanding and broadening the whole device business. It's actually going really well. We're just not in a position to tell you much about it yet, and it ranges from equity investments to outright ownership or assembly of businesses there. And we announced early in this quarter, the second quarter, that we were making a change there to not just be a venture funder, but actually builder of business. And it's surprising to me how much opportunity kind of exploded in that space for us. So yeah, we're going to broaden it, well underway, a lot of opportunities, agree with your point, and we're on it.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Scott Leinenweber: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions, and that concludes Abbott's conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com and after 11:00 a.m. Central Time via telephone at 203-369-2013, pass code 4277. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 p.m. Central Time on Wednesday, August 5. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-22 16:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbotts First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbotts expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Brian Yoor, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Brian Yoor: Okay, good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today maybe forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2015. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbotts operations are discussed in Item 1(a), Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Please note that first quarter and guidance provided today on the call for sales, earnings per share and line items of the P&L will be for continuing operations only. In today's conference call as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay, thanks Brian, good morning everybody. I will be brief this morning and leave some time for questions. Our first-quarter performance exceeded expectations on both the top and bottom lines and we reported double-digit operational sales growth, exceeded both our gross and operating margin targets in the quarter, closed on the sale of our EPD developed markets business to Mylan and launched a number of new products across our portfolio. I will summarize our first quarter results before turning the call over to Tom and Brian for some further detail. Operational sales increased 10% in the quarter with particularly strong performance in our branded generics, international, nutrition and global diagnostics businesses as well as double-digit growth in emerging markets and that did include the additions of CFR and Veropharm. While currency was a factor, including a 7% negative impact on the top line, we continue to manage through its effect on the bottom line. Our first-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.47 exceeds our previous guidance range and reflects growth of 38%, but again as I said that includes the addition of CFR and Veropharm in comparisons. Our full year 2015 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $2.10 to $2.20 remains unchanged and reflects double-digit underlying growth, excluding the impact of currency. So in the quarter starting with nutrition, sales increased more than 6% with continued double-digit growth outside of the United States. The new pediatric products that we have launched into China and other fast growing geographies are continuing to perform well. Products like Similac QINTI and Eleva, and we have got strong performance in the online segment. These new products drive share expansion and contribute to our growth in the market. The international adult nutrition business has consistently delivered high single digit to double-digit sales growth. Our adult nutritional Ensure is roughly a $2 billion brand globally today, and we launched it into the retail segment in China earlier this year. In March, we also opened a nutrition pilot plant in Singapore. This facility in addition to the others there allows us to customize more of our products to meet consumer preferences across Asia. In medical devices, diabetes care returned to growth this quarter as we expected. We have had a very positive early response to the launch of our new FreeStyle Libre device. As I mentioned last quarter we are already expanding capacity to meet this demand. Libre is a highly differentiated technology that helps people self-manage their diabetes without the need for routine fingersticks. We are also building a portfolio of products based on our sensor technology and FreeStyle Libre Pro is our first professional use device that was launched in India earlier this month. Our vascular business also performed in line with our expectations. Operational sales growth in the quarter was driven by high single digit performance of our endovascular products, as well as double-digit growth of our structural heart product, MitraClip. The market opportunity for mitral regurgitation is significant, but still in its early stages and MitraClip is the only product on the market to date that can treat this disease in a minimally invasive way. In medical optics, sales were impacted by market dynamics in our cataract and LASIK businesses. We recently launched two new cataract lenses and saw a pickup in our cataract lens growth as the quarter progressed. In diagnostics, we delivered 6% growth in the quarter. The continued success of our commercial strategies with core laboratory customers are driving share gains in the US and emerging markets. We continue to invest in the development of next-generation system platforms across all three of our diagnostics businesses. In point-of-care diagnostics, sales increased double digits. In the US we have had success with large healthcare networks, standardizing our point-of-care testing with our i-STAT system. Outside the US, our expansion efforts continue in both developed and emerging geographies. In established pharmaceuticals were executing better commercially. That is something that I have given a fair amount of attention to on past calls with you. We are expanding our product portfolios in our therapeutic area of focus  areas of focus and driving more awareness of our Abbott brand with consumers, physicians and pharmacists. Excluding the benefit from our recent acquisitions of CFR Pharmaceuticals and Veropharm, sales in our key emerging markets increased in low double-digit with above market growth in India, Brazil, China, Russia, and Colombia. With the sale of the developed markets business to Mylan completed in February, EPD is now focused solely on emerging markets. We received 110 million shares of Mylan stock for the developed markets business, and recently sold roughly a third of our position. The net proceeds from the sale of Mylan shares and our strong balance sheet provide us with additional flexibility to invest in strategic growth opportunities to continue to shape Abbott for long-term growth. So in summary we reported first-quarter results ahead of our expectations. We are building on the momentum we had exiting 2014, and we expect high single-digit full year operational sales growth and continued progress on margin expansion, and we are well on track to achieve our financial objectives in 2015. I will now turn the call over to Tom and Brian to discuss our first quarter results in more detail. Tom?
Tom Freyman: Thanks Miles. AsMiles indicated, today we reported first-quarter adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.47, above our previous guidance range and reflecting growth of 38%. Sales for the quarter increased 10% on an operational basis, excluding an unfavorable impact of 7% from foreign exchange. Reported sales increased to 3% in the quarter. Operational sales growth was driven by strong performance in nutritional, diagnostics, and established pharmaceuticals, which included the impact of 2014 acquisitions. Sales in emerging markets increased strong double digits in the quarter. First-quarter adjusted gross margin ratio was 58.1% of sales, somewhat above our forecast and up nearly 500 basis points over the first quarter of 2014. The year-over-year comparison was driven by gross margin improvement initiatives across our businesses and in part the comparison relative to an unusually low ratio experienced in the first quarter 2014. In the quarter, adjusted R&D investments was around 6.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expenses were around 34.5% of sales. The over delivery in the first quarter EPS compared to our guidance was in part the result of the dynamics of exchange on our results, including the timing effects of hedging activity on the exchange gain loss line of the P&L. We expect the first quarter favorability on this line of the P&L to partially reverse in the second quarter, with remaining net gains for the year to be offset on the operating income line of the P&L over the last three quarters. As we discussed last quarter, while the weaker euro impacts our top line, movements in the euro have a minimal impact on our bottom line due to our euro denominated cost base. Therefore the further weakening of the Euro that we saw in the first quarter of the year does not impact our 2015 EPS forecast. Turning to our outlook for the full year 2015, our adjusted earnings per share guidance range of $2.10 to $2.20 from continuing operations remains unchanged. Regarding our full year 2015 outlook for the P&L, we continue to forecast operational sales growth in the high single digits. Based on current exchange rates we now expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 7% on our full year reported sales, up over our previous projected in January of around 6%. This should result in reported sales growth in the low single digits for the full year 2015. Brian will provide more details on the 2015 outlook by business in a few minutes. We now forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 57.5% of sales for the full year driven by gross margin improvement initiatives across our businesses. We forecast adjusted R&D investment of around 6.5% of sales and now forecast an adjusted SG&A expense of around 31.5% of sales. Overall we continue to expect to expand our full year adjusted operating margin by over 100 basis points in 2015. We now forecast net interest expense of around $120 million, reflecting changes in the interest rate assumptions on both our debt and some of our investment. We forecast an exchange gain of approximately $35 million on the exchange gain loss line in the P&L for the full year, reflecting some reversal of the favorability we saw on this line in the first quarter as mentioned previously, and we forecast around $5 million of non-operating expense for the full year 2015. Turning to the outlook for the second quarter, we forecast ongoing EPS of $0.49 to $0.51, reflecting double-digit underlying growth, largely offset by the impact of segment foreign exchange headwind on operating results as discussed on the January call, as well as the partial reversal of favorability in the exchange gain loss line of the P&L from the first quarter as previously mentioned. We forecast operational sales growth in the low double digits in the second quarter. At current exchange rates, we would expect the negative impact from exchange of somewhat above 8%, resulting in reported sales in the low single digits. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 57.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment of approximately 6.5% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of somewhat above 32% of sales in the second quarter. We forecast net interest expense of around $35 million and approximately $15 million in expense on the exchange gain loss line of the P&L. Finally we project specified items of $0.23 in the second quarter, reflecting the same items as we identified for the full year in our earnings release. So in summary, our full year ongoing EPS guidance remains unchanged. As we start the year, we are well positioned to deliver another year of strong EPS growth in 2015 despite a challenging currency environment. And with that I will turn it over to Brian to review the business operating highlights and outlook. Brian?
Brian Yoor: Thanks Tom. This morning I will review our first quarter 2015 performance and second-quarter sales outlook by business. As I mentioned earlier, my comments will focus on operational sales growth. I will start with our nutrition business, where global sales increased more than 6% in the first quarter. In our international pediatric nutrition business, sales increased to 11.7% driven by double-digit growth in China and Latin America. We continued to capture market share with new infant formula products we launched into the fast-growing market segments and geographies over the past year. This includes Similac QINTI and Eleva, which we launched into the premium infant formula market segment in China in 2014. International adult nutrition sales increased nearly 11% in the quarter driven by strong double-digit growth in Latin America. This is the sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth in our international adult nutrition business. We continued to expand the adult nutrition category internationally, and recently launched our Ensure brand in China into the retail market segment, which represents a significant growth opportunity for Abbott. We also continued to expand our local presence in key markets. As Miles mentioned, in addition to the three manufacturing plants we opened last year in China, India and the US, we announced in March the opening of a new nutrition pilot plant in Singapore. The state of the art facility will serve as a second global R&D hub. In the US, pediatric nutrition sales were up 4.5% driven by market share gains in the non-WIC segment of the infant formula market, and double-digit Pedialyte growth as a result of the strong flu season. Adults nutrition sales in the US were impacted by competitive and market dynamics, including softness in the institutional segment. We expect a modest improvement in the US adult nutrition sales growth over the course of the year as we launch new products. For the second quarter we are forecasting mid to high single digit growth on an operational basis in our global nutritional business, driven by a continued double-digit operational sales growth in international nutrition. In our diagnostics business, sales increased 6% in the first quarter with double-digit sales growth in emerging markets. Core laboratory diagnostic sales increased 4.7% in the quarter. This above market growth was driven by strong growth in our core laboratory segment as this business continues to increase its win rate and gain share with its customer focused solutions. The US growth was impacted by a comparison to a strong first quarter of last year when sales increased double digits driven by higher blood screening sales. Last week we announced a partnership agreement with the number one coagulation company in Japan to provide coagulation testing solutions to core laboratories worldwide. This partnership broadens our diagnostics offering to meet our customers needs and to deliver high quality results in an efficient workflow as part of Abbotts total solutions. Coagulation testing is approximately a $2 billion market segment of the in vitro diagnostics market that is growing in the mid-single digits. In molecular diagnostics, sales increased 7.4% in the quarter driven by growth of our core business segment, infectious disease testing. Growth was also favorably impacted this quarter by the timing of tenders in emerging markets. In Europe, we are early into the launch of our IRIDICA, infectious disease testing platform, which helps identify serious infections such as sepsis. For the second quarter we expect relatively flat growth in our molecular diagnostics business as we project growth of the infectious disease business to be offset by the declines in our non-core oncology and genetics businesses. In point of care diagnostics worldwide sales increased 15.5% with double-digit growth in both the US and internationally as this business continues to build and expand its presence in targeted developed and emerging markets. Strong growth in the quarter was driven by continued performance in the large hospital segment, as well as continued adoption in the physician office laboratory and ambulatory setting, where small portable solutions such as Abbott i-STAT help improve efficiencies. For the second quarter, we expect our global diagnostics business to generate mid-single digit operational sales growth. In medical devices, sales in our vascular business increased 2% in the quarter. Sales of our MitraClip product for the treatment of mitral regurgitation increased strong double digits in the quarter, both in the US and internationally. Last month we presented data that reinforces MitraClips ability to reduce mitral regurgitation and improve a persons overall health and that supports further adoption of this device. Our endovascular business continues to have momentum with sales growing high single digits in the quarter driven by strong growth in our base business, including vessel closure, as well as our peripheral stent, Supera. And in our drug eluting portfolio in the US we have gained sequential market share following the XIENCE Alpine launch. XIENCE alpine is the only drug eluting stent with an indication to treat chronic total occlusions. We have also recently announced the launch of XIENCE Alpine in Japan. For the second quarter, we expect sales in our global vascular business to increase low single digits on an operational basis. In diabetes care, global sales in the first quarter increased nearly 3% as this business returned to growth after lapping the impact of US reimbursement changes. Outside of the US, strong consumer and physician adoption of our revolutionary new glucose sensing technology, FreeStyle Libre, has exceeded our initial expectations driven by a successful direct to consumer campaign. We continued to expand FreeStyle Libre to new geographies. Earlier this month, we announced the launch in India of FreeStyle Libre Pro for professional use. Libre Pro uses the same sensor based technology as our consumer focused FreeStyle Libre product and helps doctors obtain the comprehensive data they need to make treatment decisions. India is a logical target market for Libre Pro because there was a large diabetes population, but self monitoring of blood glucose is not a common practice. In the US we have and will continue to segment our products and our commercial strategies to drive profitable growth. And last week we announced the launch of FreeStyle Precision Neo, a new compact, easy to use, blood glucose meter that allows people with diabetes to easily access a well-known multinational brand in the over-the-counter market segment. For the second quarter, we are forecasting low to mid-single digit operational sales growth in our diabetes care business. In medical optics, sales were down 3.4% in the quarter. While this performance was below our expectations, we expect to improve sales growth in our medical optics business over the rest of the year as we launch new products. Earlier this year in the US we launched TECNIS Multifocal Low Add, which provides more range of vision options to patients and surgeons. And just last week-end at the American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery Meeting we launched our TECNIS Preloaded in the US, which improves the ease of use for the cataract surgeon and enhances predictability of the procedure. For the second quarter, we expect our global medical optics business to grow mid single digits on an operational basis. And lastly, our established pharmaceuticals business or EPD, where sales increased strong double digits in the quarter, including the impact from recent acquisitions of CFR pharmaceuticals and Veropharm. In February, we completed the sale of our developed markets branded generics pharmaceutical business to Mylan. With this business now focused entirely on emerging markets we saw low double-digit underlying sales growth in our key emerging markets, which include India, Russia, China, Brazil and Colombia along with several additional markets. Performance across the Latin American region was strong during the quarter as we are starting to see the benefits of a more complete product portfolio and sales infrastructure due to the integration of CFR. Additionally Influvac sales were strong and benefited from the production capacity expansion we completed last year. For the second quarter, we expect similar strong double-digit growth in EPD on an operational basis, including the impact of the acquisitions I mentioned. In summary, our first-quarter earnings per share and operational sales growth exceeded expectations. We launched several new key products across our portfolio of businesses and our outlook for the year remains unchanged as we are well positioned to deliver another year of strong growth. We will now open the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank.
Kristen Stewart: Hi, congratulations on a good quarter and thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could just like comment from a big picture perspective, you have now really have done a great job of re-shifting the portfolio with disposition of the developed established pharmaceutical business and bringing in CFR and Veropharm, just how are you thinking about just kind of shaping Abbott going forward. It doesnt necessarily seem that you need to be in a rush to certainly deploy any of the cash, and you have plenty of flexibility, but just how are you thinking about just kind of more from big picture strategic perspective kind of what is next?
Miles White: Thanks for the question Kristen. I would say we want to grow and we want to get bigger. And I think there is, obviously two dimensions there. One is organic and organic can be expansion of products or expansion of geography and then there is I think our footprint could benefit from being a lot bigger in a number of our businesses or even as a corporation in the diverse mix of businesses we have. So that would imply some M&A activity et cetera, and nobody would be surprised to hear that out of me, I dont think. So I think both dimensions are important to us and we are putting a fair amount of attention on both. The notion is I think we have got the right core. It is a very solid core of businesses that are performing well or they are in markets that we know will continue to be healthy and drive good growth and have great opportunity for us. I think we have got the core of the company well positioned today for the attractiveness of both product markets and geographic markets that we think there is a lot of opportunity for investors for. But beyond that I think we can do more and I think we can do a lot more and particularly if were bigger in a number of these spaces. So my intention is to get bigger. I think strategically that is how Im thinking about it. And to your comments about resources and timing and so forth as I have said in the past they dont feel particularly capital constrained or resource constrained and yet I dont feel like they have to rush out urgently either. I think we can afford to be thoughtful and prudent but at the same time that doesnt mean sit on our hands. So I think the deal market or the M&A market out there  I would love to say we all go out there with a plan, we have the following priorities, we have the following targets et cetera. Those plans are always dead on arrival, the market tells you either who is willing to talk to you, who is willing to engage, what valuations maybe, what the circumstances in any given geography or industry may be, those things always tend to determine the timing of opportunity and I think what we have been good at is being ready even opportunity aligns, and when peoples willingness to engage aligns and so forth. And I cant always predict the timing of that. But I can tell you if you are not ready when the things line up then you are not able to take advantage of it. So, we are obviously I think always tracking, always studying, and we have always got an idea of what our priorities would be. The market will tell us what order we get to address and to some degree, but you are right. We are sitting in a very, very good position I think right now in terms of our readiness, our ability to have resources et cetera, to invest, the condition of our underlying business. We have given a fair amount of attention to our cost structure, to our supply chain structure, to our back office structure, our G&A, all those sorts of things over the last couple of years really to ready ourselves for bigger business and greater expansion, particularly geographically, and I would say that has all fallen very nicely into place. You can see it in the results, you can see it in the gross margin, you can see it in the G&A line, you can see it in the efficiency of the business, you can see it in the growth rates of some of the businesses and so forth. I think I feel pretty good about the foundation and that is the kind of foundation you want to add to. You dont want to add to a weak one with a lot of problems or a lot of things you are trying to fix and you want to add to a strong one. So I think we are in a really good position right now. We feel good about it.
Kristen Stewart: And you have been really reshaping Abbott to be more of a consumer focused business, is that how we should think about M&A priorities going forward in terms of things that could really leverage kind of the Abbott brand and stay within that structure?
Miles White: Well, I wouldnt say  I wouldnt say to an extreme degree. I think, the word I have used a lot in the past is balance. I think historically, particularly in developed markets a lot of our businesses were reliant on government reimbursement or single payer systems and so forth, and we wanted a different balance of that, where there was consumer choice, consumer preference, consumer pay et cetera. The very nature of the mix of our business is now is much more like that, not just because of the businesses, but because of geographies and the structures in those markets. So I would say we have and, for example, in our pharmaceutical business, branded generic pharmaceutical business overseas, those are very much consumer pay markets. The economic structure of those markets is a little different. They are more attractive to us. We have targeted those countries with that structure in particular as opportunity. So I would say to the degree that opportunity exists for us, yeah, it is very attractive. But I would not rule out, Europe, the US or traditional markets as opportunities for us for some of our businesses. I just want a different or a more balanced structure, so we are not over-reliant on heavy concentration in given geographies where there is an awful lot of decision control at a central point. And then a lot of European countries are like that. It is one of the reasons Europe hasnt been as high a priority for us as emerging markets, but I wouldnt run all the way to one side of the boat either.
Kristen Stewart: Perfect. And then just a quick follow up for Tom. Tom, would you be willing to provide just the organic growth in the quarter for Abbott overall and then just --?
Tom Freyman: And the top line is the mid single digits adjusted for the acquisitions.
Kristen Stewart: Perfect, okay, thank you.
Tom Freyman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan.
Michael Weinstein: Thanks. Just to clean that up to Tom. Anything more precise than mid-single digits on the organic growth?
Tom Freyman: Right around 5 Mike.
Michael Weinstein: And then the - it was a [bead] [ph] on the quarter but then not raising the EPS guidance is that just the timing of FX impacting the P&L over the course of the year?
Tom Freyman: Id say a lit bit of it is that certainly in that exchange gain loss line I talked about that should be considered to be a little extra in this quarter offset by some negatives over the last three quarters in the currency area. Id say were although - it was a really good high quality quarter when we look at how the business has progressed both on the top line and particularly in the gross margin area and were just pleased with that progress at this early point of the year and I think it sets us up nicely to continue to build on that as we progress through 2015.
Miles White: Mike, I would add to that the analysts and investors who cover us have all paid a lot more attention in last couple of years to currency than have had to in years past and probably because multinationals have expanded so much in a lot more countries; I mean we all used to be so euro focused and yen focused and lot of companies still are, but because so much of the growth for many of us is Asia, Latin America, other emerging markets we pay a lot more attention to a lot more currencies and I think thats made it harder to forecast and predict particularly the mix and the shifts and so forth although, when it all goes in one direction like it did the last couple of quarters thats pretty easy. But for us, at least in terms of the currency piece I think all of us were caught off guard somewhat by the magnitude of the currency shift in the fourth quarter of last year, although maybe we shouldnt have been, but we were. And in our case as I pointed out in the past were less vulnerable to the euro, very much less vulnerable to the euro than a lot of companies might be just because of the mix of our business and where we produce and offset the exchange, but then that means we got a bigger basket of currencies to look at, look at those currencies and I say okay, well the ruble improved on us in the first quarter, thank God, and quite substantially while the Brazilian real did not and went the other way. China is very stable, India is pretty stable for us right now. So, the big currencies that you would normally think would affect us or could affect us and knock on wood and I look at, I think okay this should all be pretty stable for the year barring events I cant predict in the external world. With regard to guidance which you asked about and Im circling back to, I just think its early in the year to do any change in the guidance, Im kind of a Murphys Law believer that the minute we make any kind of confident move something is going to go wrong with currency or something, I dont know. I just think its a little early in the first quarter; Ive to say to echo Tom, the underlying performance of the company is real good and to the extent that this momentum continues and there is no change to earnings assumption - or to currency assumptions and so forth, youre going to be pressuring us on this point again in the quarter here. And thats all good, but I think I just like to see more cards played before we move in that direction. I look back over our last 7 or 8 years to see how many times we had adjusted guidance in the first quarter and I think we just gave it to you a couple of months ago so to change it two months later does that make sense. I think when we change guidance a couple of times in the first quarter in the last 8 years and Im not even sure why I did it then, because I think in general I had to see half the year played before Ive got a good feel for how things are going to lay out because generally the second half of the year is different than the first half of the year for all of us and its usually around the currency or some catastrophic event and world events and I would just like to see another quarter played and then if were cranking along like we seem to be then youre going to be pressuring us and Im going to be nodding and say you told me so you were right.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. So let me switch to strategy, so Miles depending on what plays out with Mylan I could see you guys in the year with maybe $12 billion and $13 billion of cash probably its for nickel that would be outside of the U.S. you would have still call it $5 billion of net debt potentially net cash, -- made that point. Does the cash position and the fact that really all of it being outside of the U.S. is that really drive you to an acquisition of U.S. assets or U.S. domiciled assets and do you think you can put given the opportunities that you think you can put that cash in your balance sheet to work?
Miles White: Let me go in reverse order, do I think I can put the cash in the balance sheet to work? Yes. The timing of when I can put at the work is kind of the question which I sort of addressed to Kristen a little bit ago. I cant predict timing very well Mike, I can predict in ten and my intent is that Ill put it at the work. I think weve always found the good balance here, we are pretty stable, reliable, predictable in terms of dividend and payout and so forth and we have been pretty solid about balance of share buyback and capital deployment but we have also been pretty good about deploying the higher return investments and so forth and I think our deal records speak for itself. So, I would say yes, the intent there, the timing is little harder to predict but Im not [indiscernible]. Now having addressed that GMI, am I stuck with only opportunities overseas because of the structure of tax system in the world. No, I dont think so, Im not ruling out the U.S., I am not ruling on that at all and I think, lets just say weve got great tax guides and great management of our cash flows and access to cash if weve through and I think weve got good borrowing capacity if we want to so forth. I think Ive got enough flexibility that I don't have to stay in an external world. I think there is a lot of reasons that overseas  say economically more attractive. We all know what those are, but I think those are all sort of financial packs cash related at the same time I think there is opportunities that are attractive to us strategically for our business that aren't overseas and I don't think I can rule those out. So I don't feel constrained to being overseas. I don't feel like our ability to finance what we may be interested in, its constrained that way so while I am always looking in other geographies of the world for opportunities to expand our footprint, I would tell you I have not failed to fish in my own dock here in the U.S. and look at opportunities in the U.S.
Michael Weinstein: And Miles last question and Ill jump in, its been relatively quiet over the last six months since the treasury action on U.S. corporate and voting to outside the U.S. is that something Abbott might still consider?
Miles White: I am not looking at it. Let me put it that way. The  I may not evenly think that Washington will come to its senses eventually here and make adjustments to the tax code to mix U.S. based multinationals more competitive globally with all the companies that we compete with. I mean there is a lot of script written about this and my position on its been clear. This tax code disadvantage U.S. companies and put the sale sign on them for European and other companies to buy us and arbitrage tax rates and I strenuously object to the philosophy of the U.S. government on that line because I think in no way enhances job global creation or business creation or economic recovery in the United States when you advantage everybody else to buy our companies. So I hope at some point that both parties in Washington will address that and I think so. Again, one of the log, I think the minute we did something in around in version or otherwise that Congress surely would change the tax code and I wonder why bothered so I am not  and I am not even sure I am not tax technician to tell you whether there is a path to do that anymore. I think right now the way things have been structured in a way the treasury addressed it and affecting the trend for some companies looking in version I think its clearly advantage that different M&A environment for non-U.S. companies for the U.S. companies I think that's absolutely clear and you would have to be blind not to see it. So I don't  its not on my radar screen Mike. I am looking at things more strategically and more traditionally meaning I look at the strategic fits of the business or what we can do with it and what we can expand it and so forth and I look at whether those economics working, I am not trying to subsidize our M&A analysis with tax arbitrage. Now, I think lot of other companies [ex-U.S.] are definitely subsidizing their analysis with tax arbitrage because they can but we are not and that said I don't  I am not seeing the expectations of tax inversion premium in value. I think values are high. I kind of always think they are high. I think they are high around the world for a lot of reasons, a lot of deals are getting done at expensive prices and expensive multiples they are not because of inversion or tax they are just expensive and that's driven expectations in a lot of places up, but I always think its expensive out there and my job is to make the best deal I can for the company, but its pretty hard to get a real deal in some cases unless you have got a plan for what you are going to do with the business and how its going to operate in your hand. So I guess to summarize all that there is  the short answer is I am not focused on inversion for the benefit of tax. Doing those things is temporarily pre-disruptive to a company and if there is a long term belief that you need to do that and some companies have done then it must fit them strategically. In our case I don't know that we need to do that and I would rather hope here that our government will fix the tax code in the next couple of years and if they do I think its going to dramatically enhance the competitiveness of companies like us. Its commercial for me but that's kind of the deal.
Michael Weinstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Roman from Goldman Sachs.
David Roman: Thank you. Good morning Miles, Tom and Tim. I wanted to just start with the business actually and specifically around medical devices where actually, I think the overall growth rate of that business looks to be trending a little bit better than where it has. So, I was hoping if you could just go into little bit more depth on the turn in the vascular business and then also what gives you confidence specifically on the medical uptick side that will see a churn in that franchise through the balance of 2015?
Miles White: Okay. Let me start with the vascular side. I think what we have seen occur here over the last few years in the core strength business in particular because everything kind of revolves around the strength business, is a certain amount of stability out in the marketplace, there is always price pressure. There still is. The major competitors in the market are pretty competitive and physicians that use our product they use all of us. And they kind of balance it. So I think what you have seen is the value of incremental innovation has diminished and the market has kind of stabilized, one might even suggest thats commoditizing to a degree but its kind of stabilizing, so I would say there is kind of drum beat to price pressure as governments are payers or hospitals or whatever the case maybe are trying to manage their own budgets and in some ways I think it just forces [indiscernible] a lot more innovative about where our next frontiers are etcetera. And I think that in the medical device business there is a lot of opportunities for innovation and rather than look at much broader footprint of very matured products we are putting our focus on a lot of innovation at eventual levels and a smaller level where there is a lot of opportunities for growth expansion and continued improvement to health care. I am not prepared to talk a lot about that today, but I would tell you that's where I am headed with that to grow and expand that device business perhaps a little differently then what people might expect. But I like the core of what we have. I think we are going to have to manage it a little differently going forward but I think the expansion for a lot of other related areas is there. On medical optics its kind of two stories here, am I pleased with our performance, sometimes. We had three or four very strong quarters in a row and then the business kind of hit a wall, there is several explanations for that part of its us, part of it is our own competitiveness or responsiveness, part of its one of our main competitors kind of waking up again and responding to the share that we had taken in the cataract business. I would sort of attribute that to just the ebb and flow of competition and which is good. There is also some structural things going on there in the optics business. We are seeing some customer consolidation in the Lasik market. We are seeing lower utilization in the Lasik market. We have been seeing that for a number of years now. Cataract business for me is strong. We have got a great drumbeat here of innovation coming steadily, our R&D groups have done a fabulous job I think over the last several years and they continue to just constant product innovation and launch. So, I think there are some tactical things we got to do a lot better. I like this business its one I want to expand in if you got these you got to adjust internally it makes it little harder to expand, you like to add to a strong and well operating core. So, we know weve got some improvement to do in our performance and I would say optics means on my radar screen is one to expand because there is lot of opportunity there.
David Roman: Okay thats helpful. And then, maybe switching gears on the nutrition side, I think in your prepared remark you said that you had entered the Chinese market in adult nutrition with ensure in retail stores there, I know thats an opportunity that sort of in its infancy right now, but would you sort of agree with an assessment there overtime that Chinese adult opportunity can be low kind billion dollar -- $2 billion or $3 billion opportunity sort of using the Vietnam template as an example Im just looking at kind of a demographic opportunity in China and how long would it take you to realize something like that?
Miles White: Im breathless to your expectations, look I would tell you Ive an ambition to put a big business. Im not sure Ill put it two or three in front of the billion here and I would like to get to few hundred million and kind of get some critical math and momentum. I do have an ambition for it to be a very substantial business, kind of along the line directionally headed. Im just cautious about getting ahead of myself here on that, Ive got a couple of businesses here at Abbott, but Ive had those same ambitions for 10 years and there is still around half a billion dollar. So, I dont want to perpetually be a visionary because it never comes true. I would like for it actually to happen and so in this case I would say, I believe that opportunity is there, I believe that potential is there. We got to establish the category, we got to establish the use, we got to establish the brand and I think what weve seen in the past is that every country weve done that in, its been pretty substantial, we create the category, were the category, we got to do that in China, there is an adult category in China. Its a little different than what ensure or does, but there has been some regulatory change there thats been favorable to us and log us to establish this category at a more rapid pace. And I think its attractive and I think there is a big upside here. So, you and I would at least be conceptually online, Im just afraid to put that specificity around size because I dont know how long it might take. And you could be right and wherever were when youre right, I want you send me a note to let me know you were right because Ill be very happy if we are. But, I think there is a lot of opportunity to get big like that.
David Roman: Okay. I guess if you feel better we never put a timeline on it so I was more of a peak opportunity 
Miles White: I think youre going to be right, as I said, we get to a few hundred millions first, we will start and have a temporary celebration and keep moving on, I mean, this is kind of like having a kid and literally and you want him to be a cheater. Lets just take one step at a time here.
David Roman: I look forward to that celebration. And maybe just lastly on the P&L, looking at your kind of guidance for the year on operating margin, youve obviously done a tremendous job of expanding profitability over the past of couple of years. But still as I kind of look at where your margins are versus your peers, it looks like there is still some room to go even after where you end up this year. Are we still sort of in a period where you think Abbott is under earning versus the peer group insurance segment with room to go on the profitability side?
Miles White: I dont like that characterization so much, I mean, when I look at the study annual progress of really a complex multitude of initiatives nearly from top to bottom line across all these businesses, I think its just exactly the way to go about it and  but, to answer your question directly I definitely see more margin expansion opportunity across a number of these businesses and thats part of our expectation as we move forward. And I think youre already seeing it in the first quarter here and weve objectives in 2015 for that 100 basis points plus and there is no reason to stop there. I think each of these businesses in moving forward and its a huge priority for the management team here as we look at the business.
Tom Freyman: Let me add to that a couple of things that underlying one is, there is some cost side to get there  there is a lot of load hanging fruit early on that one can get okay that got that. There is other stuff its structural whether its supply chain related or plant related where the plant is, cost to labor, cost to inputs, cost to commodities, distribution all those sorts of things, right. The structural ones take longer and if I look at the nutrition businesses as an example where weve been added for four, five years, there wasnt study drumbeat every year, but what were seeing the benefit of now is the bigger structural investments we had to make that took two or three years to realize even four years in some cases because of plant plan, occasion, supply chain etcetera. And were now starting to see the benefits of that. So sometimes you got to actually change process system etcetera to get at it. Second piece of it that affects the margins is price and were protecting price. This is a little bit two steps forward, one step back. Exchange keeps you racing some of the advantage of the top line and you see exchange advantages here on the bottom line to the extent that you can put pass in right places and thats true. But for the last few years weve watched tremendous advantage gained in gross margin management, cost reduction, you raised by exchange and all multinationals are seeing that to some degree. So, we look at it and we say okay, we just got to have pretty aggressive targets here to improve these margins steadily. I got to treat exchange almost like a cost at this point each year or price reduction and so constantly we look at the balance of that exchange how we manage it and in effect treating it like an erosion of price because that contributes to margin so you have got multiple factors that work here and we have been very intentional about how we spread our business, spread our cost space, managed exchange, hedged exchange all of those sorts of things to protect that because honestly it hurts to gain it through cost and give it back through price erosion or exchange over year and we have affected mix the markets we choose, the products we choose and so forth, the mix and profitable segments versus some profitable segments, less profitable segments all that affects it. Some of it just takes time now to give you the bottom line answer to your question is there is still opportunity, yes there is. And its not just little. We keep plugging it away at pretty big chunks of opportunity here.
David Roman: Okay great. I appreciate all the detail. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley .
David Lewis: Good morning. Miles just coming back to the Mylan stake here your treatment here this stake has been more patient than I think some expected which and so far is working out to your advantage. I wonder what your thoughts from here?
Miles White: Just stumping.
David Lewis: That's right. Patient is perfect but I wonder what your thoughts are here and how you are balancing sort of access to capital and the potential optionality of Mylan and there seems to be this view about west community that you are spending a lot of time thinking about this stake and what you do with it. How much time youre spending on it, is this sort of important to you and how you are balancing these different factors?
Miles White: I just love the voracious and patience of the investment community. We didn't even finish this deal till February that was two months ago and I know you can say why you could have been thinking about it all ahead of time. Yes, I know but you know until its done its not done and now its done, right. I would also say I don't feel constrained at all by the form of our capital whether its in Mylan stock or cash or anything else. The fact is it has no bearing on what we can or can't do from a strategic standpoint because if for whatever reason our capital is tied up in Mylan I would just probably borrow to or unlock it. So I don't feel like I have got any constraint at all. And I am happy to have been patience. When this deal was done youll recall the original value put on the sale of the EPD business was 5.3 billion and as I am watching the great theater out there that is surrounding Mylan and the team Ive respect for the value of our position has risen because investors have valued Mylan stock so you say that's lucky and I think good luck any day, but I am happy that we have been patience because its clearly accruing value to us as an owner and investor of Mylan stock, I think [indiscernible] has got to an aggressive team there, hes got aggressive plans obviously other people have aggressive interest in them and all of that has been in our favorable interest financially and its not inconsequential that was $5 billion value, $7 billion now and that's just more optionality for me and I am happy about that so I don't feel like I have to be in a real big hurry to do anything to resolve that stemming and one of the reasons that we only sold a third of the stock is because that's all we wanted to sell. We didn't want to sell any more than that nor would we have and I would like where our  where we are with it I think its been prudent to hold it, its proven to be a great value gainer for us and its not a constraint so there is no hurry on Mylan other than we don't intend to be long term holders but that doesn't need to be hurry if I put it into the cash I can tell you right now I can't earn this much on that because I am earning leaving it in Mylan, so until I need to sell it I think its in the nice place.
David Lewis: Okay, very clear at this whole -- doesn't work out I guess you can always be [indiscernible] so the other question I want to go in Tom is gross margins there has been lot of commentary on margins on the call here but specifically this is the strongest gross margin quarter I think we have seen since this has been actually going back before this spin, at least the four quarters before the spin so can you just specifically in this particular quarter any specific drivers of gross margin it does seem largely sustainable under the second quarter but what's really driving the strongest number we have seen in three years?
Tom Freyman: Its just business mix continuing focus on cost reduction everyone focused on expanding and really its across the board is in the businesses. There is a probably a slight amount of this benefit that's coming through there as well but it really is  really operating focused.
David Lewis: Okay and Miles just one last quick question on and I will jump back in queue, there were two businesses you called out about a year ago as areas you are going to see more intensive management focus I think one was U.S. nutritionals and the other obviously was EPD. Between those two it does appear that there is more sustainable growth efforts sort of coming through a fruitful on the EPD side and the U.S. nutritional business but I wonder if you could update us in terms of that management intensive focus and where you see those two businesses today? Thank you.
Miles White: Well, the EPD business has been pretty transparent to all of you to watch, what we done overtime I mean there was several things going on. One we came to conclusion that we wanted to focus on emerging market not develop markets and that part clearly with strategically better fit within Mylan in a much larger business focused in those developed markets and so we did that. Now you will note we also acquired wonderful company CFR Pharmaceuticals in Latin America which gave us a very strong position in Latin America and enhance the one we already had and we made a fairly significant move in Russia that got done during the core of the whole Ukraine issue which was a different hit, again [Murphys] laws if you believe it can go along -- everything kind of aligned badly and we still got that deal done unfortunately we did it Ruble so it didn't hurt us when the Ruble collapse. So that was really good strategically and I think that what we have got now in our EPD business which was done fairly transactionally as a complete redirection of that business refocus, re-emphasis where I think the biggest opportunities from our standpoint are for what we are focused on and interested in and so that's been good. That repositioning has been good. Its been very intentional. It took us about 18 months to get it done frankly I think that was faster than we might have expected, the things aligned very well for us. And so, I look at the underlying growth rates of the countries that we are focused in EPD. They are strong. I look at our own performance, its improving, could it be better, sure it could. But right now its double-digit and above its market rates in its countries and I think that's all good. So I like the positioning of that and that's the core that I can add to. On the nutrition side, we have gone through quite a bit of change too. There has been some management change in the businesses. I like the management team. We have in place right now a lot in terms of its capabilities, its just getting its feet under it most of our leaders there have been in place for better part of six to nine months if there has been a change that's good. Some of that's organic some of its from outside. We have made some changes in how we are investing in the business and frankly how we are marketing all of that has been a strong improvement. I think the pediatric business is well positioned. We will see a fair amount of improvements in our marketing coming forward here, new product launches and other things that I am pretty excited about but I think will be good for that business. So, I have actually got a pretty strong comfortable feeling about the U.S. I think our adult nutrition business is weak or weak relative to what I would expect of it. Its a strong business we are large in the category as you know and I think there is some things that we are working through there. We have got a good team there and it takes a while to see the results of the changes in marketing that we put in place and the changes in products and etcetera. so I think we just got to be I hate to say the word for you guys a little patient to wait for the results to show, but the actions that we have taken which were pretty deliberate are in place. I can remember years ago in Chicago did once that folks are saying all the pieces are in place we are going to super bowl on that and I dont think we were in 500 that year I think the pieces are in place. The right management in place and I am pretty pleased with where we are with that business. You don't see it as much from your perspective because it wasn't so transactional like divesting or acquiring from the companys word in EPD, but I think, I need the nutrition business is now well positioned. When I look at the international part of it, we withered a number of events whether its recalls or other things in that business and call out one example I would say the team in China has done a wonderful job regaining loss market, loss share loss position from that recall couple of years ago that business is going well. The pediatric business I am speaking of now and the share somewhere between 8.5% - 9% whatever the way we measure it and trending well, those rates are trending well are positioned in a number of other companies in other countries are improving well. So I like the underlying fundamentals of what I am seeing out of our nutrition business and I would like to say a couple of quarters of evidence of good momentum here and I think you will see it.
David Lewis: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Tom Freyman: Okay we will take one last question from the queue please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today is from Bob Hopkins from Bank of America.
Bob Hopkins: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just two quick strategy questions, one on devices and one on EPD. First Miles it sounds like from your comments that the strategy in traditional devices is going to be a little more focused on smaller innovation based deals and I was wondering is that the right way to look at it because I assume your comments in line to be a lot bigger don't really apply to traditional non-consumer facing MedTech?
Miles White: Let me clarify it. I wouldn't say exclusively and so I wouldn't want you to think you are only going to see little out of me because that's probably not accurate but I think that you can't just assemble large and mature either. You got to have a foundation and a presence and a core but the future of any core or foundational business in devices almost always depends on innovation replacement cannibalizing yourself with future innovation etcetera. So there is got to be a balance there. And I think we are at a point where we got this very strong core but probably not enough of the innovation that comes from the smaller kinds of companies etcetera and you cant do everything in our own R&D in that particular business. You can't diagnostic you can't in devices so I would say you might see both. You might see that I can tell you intentionally you are going to see we are going to be investing in smaller opportunities that could get a lot bigger because we want to build the breadth of that business but you are right. We may well have to pay attention to the foundational base as well. So we wouldnt rule that out, but I don't want to give you the impression that I am just looking at couple of big add-ons or something there because I am not. Does that make sense?
Bob Hopkins: It does. It does yes and will follow up a little bit more offline because I wanted to ask one other one just about EPD because you have done a couple of deals lately I am just curious are there others out there in EPD from an M&A perspective or is this an area where you have kind of found what's available acquired them I am just curious how hard it is to find assets in EPDs since it looks like that's an attractive business long term?
Miles White: It is not hard at all to find asset. That part is easy and its not hard to find really good assets. That part is easy and its not hard to find assets with good management, good fit, good products, good geographic location. That part actually easy and I think our people and our team and some of our contacts and stuff, I think weve a unique advantage there geographically and internationally on that particular dimension, I can think of one or other companies that historically Ive thought. Were thinking about it the same way because we keep bumping into them everywhere we go when were out hunting, fishing whatever you want to call at looking opportunities, we keep burning into the same one or two companies out there doing the same thing so I know that they think a little bit like we do. But I would tell you that part is easy, well hard part is getting beyond the recognition of it and getting to something where either somebody is interested in a transaction or its the value that doesnt make [indiscernible] and thats sometimes a challenge. A lot of the things that we would be interested in and some of the international markets are family sponsored, family owned or privately owned etcetera and sometimes its just more its just more complicated. Its not easily transacted, it takes well what I call lot of relational time getting to know each other and getting to become familiar and comfortable to get somewhere with the deal. I would say that CFR transaction this is the fabulous company. It was a family company even though it was public. It had a 90 year history. It was emotional thing for them to sell the company and the company is super high quality, the management is high quality. I couldn't be more pleased and its a great home if you are habit for it. Its a great performer that deal took a while to develop comfort and relations and so forth and that's how a lot of them are that's how lot of them are, [Indiscernible] was the same way and I think it just takes time so if you ask me do I think there is opportunities out there, there is a lot of opportunities but theyre not fast.
Bob Hopkins: Terrific I appreciate the comments, thanks so much.
Brian Yoor: Okay, thank you operator and thank you everyone for all your questions. That concludes Abbotts conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbotinvestor.com and after 11 a.m. Central Time via telephone at 402-998-1629, the passcode 1674. The audio replay will be available until 4 p.m. Central Time on Wednesday, May 6th. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 15:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbotts Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbotts express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Brian Yoor, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Brian Yoor: Okay, good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2014. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbotts operations are discussed in Item 1(a), Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments as except required by law. Note that financial results from the developed markets branded, generics, pharmaceuticals and animal health businesses are reported as discontinued operations due to the pending sale of these businesses. As a result, the line items of our consolidated statement of earnings are reported as continuing operations or excluding the results of these two businesses. To help facilitate year-over-year comparisons we filed an 8-K on Tuesday of this week that provides historical results from Abbott's continuing operations for the first three quarters of 2014. In addition, our 2015 guidance provided today for sales, P&L line items and earnings per share is for continuing operations only. In today's conference call as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay, thanks Brian, good morning. Today I'll discuss our results for the fourth quarter of 2014, but in particular our outlook for 2015. We made good progress against our objectives last year and we see good positive underlying momentum in our businesses going into 2015. However, as you know, recent macroeconomic events have dominated the discussion on company outlooks for 2015 in particular the significant strengthening of the dollar against almost every currency during the fourth quarter of 2014 and in the 2015, as well as the impact of the draconian price of oil on the global economic outlook. These factors will affect the 2015 forecast for most multinational companies, including Abbott, but while many are focused on the negative aspects of these events, I'd note that they will impact countries and companies in different ways. Abbott will clearly face some headwinds, while emerging markets currencies have devalued, however underlying fundamental growth remained strong. In fact countries such as India and China where Abbott has a strong presence will benefit economically from the lower price of oil and while the weakening of the euro impacts our European based revenue the fluctuations of this particular currency will not impact our bottom line as a result of our European cost base and this should provide some durability to our result. So while I'll discuss currency in more detail when I review our 2015 outlook, the bulk of my remarks here will address what we control our commercial and operational execution, our new product introductions and our efforts to reduce costs and expand margins. So for the full year 2014 we delivered operational sales growth of 5.5% including acquisitions. Sales growth rates improved sequentially each quarter last year as we expected and sales in emerging markets increased nearly 13%. We expended both growth and operating margins and achieved adjusted earnings per share of $2.28 including results related to the established pharmaceutical developed markets business. This exceeded our guidance range and represents year-over-year adjusted EPS growth of more than 13%. During the year, we continued to build Abbott's investment identity as a durable and reliable growth company following a number of actions we took last year, were broader and deeper in emerging markets and were more consumer facing. In short, we are more present were the growth in healthcare is taking place now and will be over the long term. In established pharmaceuticals we further positioned a division for faster growth. We added CFR Pharmaceuticals which provides the scale manufacturing, R&D and product portfolio to establish Abbott as a top-10 pharma company in Latin America. We acquired Veropharm positioning Abbott as a top five branded generic company in Russia. Both CFR and Veropharm provide Abbott with in-country manufacturing to bring us closer to our customers as well as better match our cost with our sales and currency in those regions. And we're on track to close on the sale of the EPD developed markets business in the first quarter, our business that performed above expectations in 2014 and is well positioned to move forward with Mylan. Last year in our nutrition business we increased our local presence by investing in our global infrastructures. We opened three new manufacturing plants in China, India, and the U.S. and we partnered with world's largest dairy co-operative Fonterra to invest locally in China's milk supply. These investments are a reflection of the strong underlying demand for our high quality adult and pediatric products. In Medical Devices we positioned our portfolio for stronger growth over the long term. We entered a $3 billion fast growing electrophysiology market through the acquisition of Topera. In vascular we achieved improved reimbursement and coverage from MitraClip in the U.S. which should further expand adoption and we presented the first of multiple randomized clinical trials underway for ABSORB. In medical optics, we broke ground on a new facility in Malaysia to expand manufacturing capacity for our cataract lenses driven by strong global demand for cataract surgeries. And in diabetes care we established a new market with our Flash glucose monitoring device FreeStyle Libre launched directly to consumers in Europe last fall. It eliminates the need for routine fingersticks and provides glucose data in a simple format that allows people with diabetes to achieve better health outcomes. In diagnostics we delivered another year of mid-to-high single-digit growth well balanced across both the developed world and emerging markets. And in Europe we introduced our IRIDICA testing system what we believe will be a breakthrough in the infectious disease area. We're entering 2015 with good momentum. The fundamentals of our business are strong and the growing trends across our markets remain positive. The innovations we're launching are driving share gains and we're investing in our businesses to drive above market growth over the long term. We expect to step up in our 2015 sales growth rate the high single-digit operational growth, including acquisitions with emerging markets expected to contribute another year of double-digits performance. From a currency perspective we expect around 6% negative impact to sales from foreign exchange. This is roughly double the impact we had expected just three months ago and is in line with what a number of other companies and analysts have forecasted as part of their outlooks for 2015. Currency is a headwind that's impacting all multinationals and our assumption for this impact has been incorporated into our 2015 adjusted earnings-per-share guidance from continued operations of $2.10 to $2.20 a share reflecting top tier growth at the midpoint of the range. Strong business performance and growth in operating margin expansion have and will continue to help offset even these more pronounced currency impacts in 2015. At the same time, we need to continue to invest in our businesses to drive sustainable long-term growth. And in 2015 I'm optimistic about our prospects. In nutrition, our R&D organization has been the most productive it has ever been launching multiple products over the last several years. In 2014 in China this included two new infant formula products, Eleva and Similac QINTI in new market segments. We expect continued momentum in 2015 including our new Ensure product in China which is the first product introduced in the newly established Adult Nutrition category in this country. We're also building our brand in India. Local R&D manufacturing and supply chains are fully established. We recently rolled out our first line of simple products produced in our new state-of-the-art facility. Margin improvement remains a key priority for our nutrition business and we expanded its operating margin by several hundred basis points each of the last two years. Our original target was to reach 20% of sales by 2015 and we exceed that goal in 2014. Going forward we expect further margin expansion in this business. In Established Pharmaceuticals we're continuing to improve our commercial execution by strengthening our capabilities in key geographies and channel, expanding our product portfolios through innovation that's both fast and locally driven and driving awareness of our Abbott brand with consumers who are taking even greater role and making decisions about their healthcare. We're also strengthening our local scale and infrastructure through the integration of CFR Pharmaceuticals and Veropharm. Both of these acquisitions enhance our local market insights, knowhow and our commercial capabilities as well as help build out our portfolios in our core therapeutic areas. And finally as I mentioned, we anticipate closing on the sale of our developed markets business to Mylan in the first quarter. We will receive 110 million shares of Mylan stock which provides us with significant optionality given our strong balance sheet and ability to redeploy the net proceeds from the ultimate sale of Mylan shares. In medical devices, we're investing in a number of new products across diabetes care, vascular and medical optics. The medical optics and our cataract business a steady stream of new products over the last two years has resulted in several points of share gains. In 2015 we expect continued strong growth of our cataract business driven by more than 20 new product launches across multiple geographies as well as continued expansion of our laser cataract system CATALYS. In vascular, we're continuing to drive uptake of our new products, MitraClip, Supera and Absorb as well as our newest drug-eluting stent XIENCE Alpine launched in the U.S. and recently approved in Japan. In diabetes care we'll expand FreeStyle Libre into multiple new markets over time targeting more than $8 billion global blood glucose monitoring markets. Strong patient awareness has exceeded our initial expectations based on our direct-to-patient sales model. We are already executing on our capacity expansion and we're looking to secure broader reimbursement for Libre. And finally, diagnostics, which remains one of our most durable and reliable growth businesses, consistently delivering mid-to-high single-digit operational sales growth the past four years. We will continue to execute on our commercial strategy and core laboratory diagnostics in both developed and developing markets. We are also investing simultaneously in the development of next-generation system platforms in blood screening, immunoassay, clinical chemistry, hematology, molecular diagnostics and point-of-care. Margin improvement in diagnostics once again exceeded our expectations increasing nearly 100 basis points versus 2013. Our gross margin improvement initiatives are continuing to yield results and we expect continued steady margin expansion in this business. So to summarize, as we enter 2015 we expect a step up in full year 2015 operational sales growth into the high single-digit with double-digit growth in emerging markets and we expect continued growth in operating margin expansion as we execute on our division improvement programs and back office support initiatives. While we anticipate currency to be a more significant headwind this year, than in 2014, the long term fundamentals of our business are healthy and we remain committed to increasing returns to shareholders. In addition to our dividend and share repurchase activity our strong balance sheet and additional flexibility from the Mylan transaction provide us with a significant opportunity to invest in strategic growth opportunities to continue to shape Abbott for long term durable growth. I'll now turn the call over to Tom and Brian to discuss 2014 results in more detail and our 2015 outlook. Tom?
Tom Freyman: Thanks Miles. Before I review our financial performance and outlook I'd like to remind you that my remarks today regarding 2014 earnings per share will include the contributions from the developed markets, branded, generics business that we agreed to sell to Mylan and the animal health business that we've agreed to sell to Zoetis. Both of these transactions are expect to close in the first quarter of 2015. This basis of comparison is consistent with the adjusted EPS guidance we've provided in our folder. All of my comments for sales and other P&L line items this quarter and also our 2015 forecast will be for continuing operations only and that is excluding the businesses being sold. Today, we reported fourth quarter earnings per share excluding specified items of $0.71 above our previous guidance range due to the full year effect of the U.S. tax legislation enacted in December including the R&D tax credit for 2014. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased 29% in the fourth quarter. We saw strong operational sales growth and increasing sales momentum in the fourth quarter. Sales from continuing operations increased 10.2% on an operational basis in the quarter which include the impact on our recent CFR Pharmaceuticals and Veropharm acquisitions. Operational sales excluding these acquisitions increased 6.5% in the quarter. The product sales increased 5.6% in the quarter including an impact of 4.6% from foreign exchange. The negative impact of foreign exchange on sales is almost twice as high as the estimates we provided in October reflecting strengthening in the U.S. dollar versus almost every currency during the quarter. Operational sales growth was driven by strong performance in nutrition diagnostics and established pharmaceuticals. Own company sales in emerging markets increased strong double-digitss on an operational basis in the quarter. fourth quarter adjusted gross margin ration was 56.9% of sales ahead of our previous guidance reflecting underlying gross margin improvements across the businesses as well as the impact of the weaker euro on our manufacturing cost base. Adjusted SG&A expenses 29.5% of sales and adjusted R&D investment was 6.4% of sales. The fourth quarter adjusted tax rate was below our previous forecast due entirely for the inclusion of the full year impact of the U.S. tax legislation enacted in December as I mentioned earlier. Overall as we look at 2014 we delivered a strong EPS growth above our initial guidance range and up more than 13% versus the prior year. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations grew 21%. We continue to make significant progress in our margin improvement initiatives spanning our full year adjusted operation margins in continuing operations by 200 basis points. And importantly we exited the year with strong underlying momentum as we head into 2015. As I turn to our outlook for 2015 I'd note that as detailed in our earnings release, in 2014 we achieved adjusted EPS from continuing operations $1.98. This was the new baseline against which we will be measuring EPS growth in 2015. As Miles indicated the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar is negatively impacting our 2015 growth as it is from our multinational companies. Based on current exchange rates, the impact of foreign exchange on our sales will be even more pronounced in 2015 than it was last year with a negative impact on 2015 sales growth of around 6% compared to 2.5% for the full year 2014. Although the impact of currency will be significant in 2015, it is important to note that as I mentioned earlier we exited last year with strong underlying performance momentum. Our top line operational growth accelerated significantly in the second half of the year as expected and we continue to make substantial progress on our margin expansion initiatives. Importantly the underlying trends across the key geographies and healthcare segments in which we compete remain positive and attractive over the long term driven by improving access in healthcare and demographic trends that aligns our business. So despite recent currency dynamics we are well positioned to deliver strong EPS growth in 2015. So turning to the specifics of our outlook for the full year 2015 today we issued guidance for adjusted earnings per share for continuing operations of $2.10 to $2.20 which reflects the growth of around 8.5% over 2014. At current exchange rates currency would negatively impact 2015 EPS growth reflected in this guidance by around 10%. We forecast operational sales growth continuing operations in the high single-digit for the full year 2015. As noted, at current exchange rates we would expect negative impact of around 6% on our full year reported sales which will result in reported sales growth in the low single-digits for the full year 2015. Brian will provide more detail on the 2015 outlook by business in a few minutes. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio somewhat above 57% of sales for the full year 2015 reflecting more than 150 basis points of expansion driven by gross margin improvement initiatives across our businesses. I'll note that at current exchange rates the impact of foreign exchange on our gross margin ratio is expected to be relatively neutral in 2015 as the impact of exchange on sales will be largely offset by the benefit we will realize from the weaker euro on our European based manufacturing costs. We forecast adjusted R&D investment as a percent of sales consistent with 2014 level at around 6.5% of sales. And we forecast adjusted SG&A expense around 31% of sales for the full year as we end up some of savings from our efficiency programs and new products across our businesses to drive top line growth. Overall we expect to expand our full year adjusted operating margin by over 100 basis points in 2015 reflecting another year of significant margin expansion. We forecast interest expense of around $150 million up over 2014 due to a planned refinancing of a portion of our short term debt and expectation of higher U.S. short term interest rates impacting short term debt in the second half of the year and somewhat lower interest income as a result of the funding 2014 acquisitions. We forecast adjusted tax rate of 19% for the full year 2015 which is in line with the normalized 2014 rate excluding the effect of the U.S. tax legislation enacted in December. Our forecast does not assume reenactment of the U.S. R&D tax credit in 2015. Finally I'd like to review our outlook for the first quarter of 2015. For the first quarter, we forecast adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.41 to $0.43 which reflects growth of over 23% the midpoint of the range over adjusted EPS from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2014 up $0.34. This strong growth even in the line of currency headwinds is driven by strong underlying performance as well as favorable year-over-year comparisons due to certain items of reduced sales and earnings in the first quarter of last year, including the carry over effects of the 2013 supplier recall nutrition, the planning of a plant swept out in EPD to expand capacity and reimbursement changes affecting our U.S. diabetes business. For the second, third and fourth quarters, while we forecast strong underlying adjusted EPS growth this performance will be partially offset by the significant impact of foreign exchange on EPS growth in each quarter of the year. This will result in adjusted EPS growth in the mid or mid upper single-digits depending on the quarter over the last three quarter in 2015 as we work through the exchange headwinds that began in late 2014. Returning to our first quarter forecast, we project operational sales growth in the high single-digit in the current exchange rates we would expect a negative impact in exchange approaching 7% resulting in reported sales growth in the low single-digits. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of somewhat about 57% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense somewhat about 34% of sales, consistent with a relatively higher ratio we typically experience in the first quarter and reflecting investments and growth initiatives. We forecast adjusted R&D investments of around 6.5% of sales, net interest expense of around $30 million and around $20 million of income in exchange gain of non-operating income line in the P&L. In summary, we delivered another year of strong adjusted EPS growth in 2014 exceeding our initial guidance range and exited the year with strong momentum including sequential improvements and operational sales growth each quarter of the year and significant operating margin expansion. This strong underlying performance and momentum positions us well to deliver durable growth in 2015 despite a challenging currency environment. Our 2015 outlook reflects top tier ongoing growth driven by high single-digit operational sales growth and continued operating margin expansion. And with that, I'll turn it over to Brian to review the business operating highlights and outlook.
Brian Yoor: All right. Thank you Tom. This morning I will review our fourth quarter 2014 performance and 2015 sales outlook by business. As I mentioned earlier, my comments will focus on operational sales growth. I will start with our nutrition business where global sales increased 9% in the fourth quarter. in our international pediatric nutrition business sales increased 14%. We continue to capture market share with new infant formula products including Similac QINTI and Eleva and which we launched in China during 2014 to further enhance competitive position in our role of end market segments. International adult nutrition sales increased 13% in the quarter representing the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth in this business. As we continue to expand the adult nutrition category internationally. Earlier this month we launched our Ensure brand in China. Although we expect modest sales initially, the adult nutrition market in china represents a significant long-term growth opportunity for Abbott. The aging population is expected to growth to four times the size of the U.S. baby boomer population. In the United States pediatric nutrition sales were relatively flat in the quarter and in line with our expectations. As share gains in the non segment of the infant formula market will offset by lower sales in the weak segment. Adult nutrition sales in the U.S. were impacted by volume and rice dynamics in the institutional segment and by stockists in our pharmacy nutrition business. For the full year 2015 we will continue to focus on capturing market share with recently launched infant nutrition products and expanding the adult nutrition category internationally including developing a shape in the adult nutrition market in China. We are forecasting high single-digits growth on an operational basis in our global nutrition business with double-digits operational sales growth in international nutrition. For the first quarter we expect global nutrition business to deliver mid to high single-digit sales growth on an operational basis. In our diagnostics business sales increased 8.6% in the fourth quarter with sales in emerging markets growing double-digitss. Core laboratory diagnostic sales also increased 8.6%, with high single-digit growth in both the U.S. and internationally as we continue to build momentum with our commercial models. We are also expanding our testing menu in order to provide greater value to clinical laboratories and ultimately patients. In the first quarter, we received U.S. FDA clearance for the first fully automated Galectin-3 for use with our Architect platform. This test assist doctors in assessing the prognosis of people diagnosed with chronic heart failure. Additionally a study on our high sensitive troponin test previously launched on Architect generated new data that was recently published in the British Medical Journal. The study found that average test can precisely measure very low levels of troponin which may help doctors accurately diagnose twice as many heart attacks in women compared to standard troponin tests. In molecular diagnostics, sales increased 4.4% in the quarter. Our infectious disease business, which is our core focus and represents more than half of our molecular diagnostic sales, increased double-digitss in the quarter. This growth was partially offset by decline in the oncology and genetics businesses in the U.S. resulting from pricing and market channel dynamics. As Miles mentioned, in December we received European approval for IRIDICA infectious disease testing platform. IRIDICA is a first of its kind platform that more rapidly diagnosed serious infections, such as sepsis and pneumonia in clinically old patients and has the potential to lower associated healthcare costs by up to 30%. In point-of-care diagnostics, worldwide sales increased 14% as this business continues to build and expand its presence in targeted developed and emerging markets. The point-of-care business had a considerably strong fourth quarter in the U.S. due in part to customers ordering Abbott's i-STAT analyzers as part of their ebola preparedness activities. In addition, a major hospital network in the U.S. standardized its point-of-care testing around Abbott's market leading i-STAT platform which also contributed to strong growth in the fourth quarter. We expect another year of durable performance in our diagnostics business in 2015. But we continue to execute on our commercial model and core laboratory diagnostics, drive uptake of our new IRIDICA infectious disease platform and molecular diagnostics in Europe and increase market penetration with our point-of-care platforms. At the same time, we continue development of our next generation platforms across all three businesses. These systems are being designed to positively impact patient care, improved service to customers, enhanced laboratory productivity and reduced costs. For the full year 2015 we expect our global diagnostics business to generate operational growth that is similar to our performance in 2014. For the first quarter global diagnostics we're forecasting low to mid single-digit operational sales growth. In medical devices, we completed the acquisition of Topera in the fourth quarter. Topera provides Abbott with a foundational entry in the $3 billion fast growing electrophysiology markets. Its breakthrough technology can transform how physicians treat people with complex heart rhythm disorders. Our vascular business increased 1.7% in the quarter representing a sequential improvement versus the third quarter of 2014 and somewhat above our previous guidance. In our structural heart business we continue to see strong double-digits sales growth of MitraClip, our breakthrough technology for the treatment of mitral regurgitation. Our endovascular business also generated double-digits growth in the quarter driven by our Supera peripheral stent for the superficial femoral artery or SFA. In November, we presented long term Supera data that demonstrate a very strong freedom from target lesion revascularization rate of 94% at three years. In the first quarter we launched our new drug-eluting stent system XIENCE Alpine, in the US. XIENCE Alpine is the only drug-eluting stent with an indication to treat chronic total occlusions. We've recently received XIENCE Alpine regulatory approval in Japan and expect to launch in the next few months following reimbursement approval. We are also making regulatory progress with our bioresorbable vascular scaffold ABSORB, which we expect to submit for approval in the U.S., China and Japan by the end of this year. These three geographies represent more than 50% of the world's coronary stent market. For the full year and first quarter 2015 we expect sales in our global vascular business to increase modestly on an operational basis. In diabetes care, global sales in the fourth quarter were down mid single-digits in line with our expectations as the rate of decline in the U.S. is moderate following the U.S. reimbursement changes that were enacted in the middle of 2013. Outside the United States, we launched our revolutionary new glucose testing technology, FreeStyle Libre, direct to consumers. With the launch of FreeStyle Libre, we expect our global diabetes business to return to low single-digit growth on an operational basis in 2015. For the first quarter we're also forecasting low single-digits operational sales growth in our diabetes care business. In medical optics sales increased 3.6% in the fourth quarter and 8.5% for the full year. Sales of our cataract products which represent approximately 70% of our medical optics business increased high single-digits globally in the quarter. This growth is partially offset by market declines in the refracted and corneal segments of the medical optics business. In 2015 we look forward to multiple new product launches across a number of key geographies as well as continued penetration of our CATALYS laser cataract system. The first of these new products, our TECNIS multifocal Low Add premium intraocular lens, which provides more range of vision options to patients and surgeons will soon launch in the U.S. For the full year 2015 we expect our global medical optics business to grow mid to high single-digits on an operational basis with more to mid single-digit growth in the first quarter. And lastly, our established pharmaceuticals business, or EPD, where sales from continuing operations excluding the developed market branded generics pharmaceuticals business, increased strong double-digitss in the quarter. As Miles mentioned, we completed the acquisitions of CFR and Veropharm last year, but at the same time generated strong underlying performance from our EPD emerging market business. Excluding the sales contributions from acquisitions, organic sales increased nearly 9.5% in the quarter. This performance was driven by double-digitss sales growth across several emerging geographies including India, Russia and China. For the full year 2015 we expect continued strong double-digit growth in EPD on an operational basis including the impact of acquisitions as this business continues to expand product portfolios in key therapeutic areas, implements new branding initiatives across the portfolio, and increases its focus on marketing to the pharmacy channels. Excluding the contributions from our acquisitions made in 2014 we expect high single-digit operational sales growth in EPD for the full year 2015. For the first quarter we're also forecasting strong double-digits growth in EPD on an operational basis including the impact of acquisitions. So in summary, we achieved our expectations in 2014. Sales growth improved sequentially every quarter this year. We exceeded our earnings per share expectations. We expanded our adjusted operating margin by 200 basis points and we completed several actions to continue to position Abbott for durable growth. As we look ahead to 2015, we are well positioned to deliver sequential improvement in operational sales growth and another year of top gear earning per share growth. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question this morning is from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan.
Michael Weinstein: Good morning and thanks for taking the questions guys. Let me touch maybe on two topics. So the first and Tom could you talk a little bit more about FX, the impact on 2015 and how should we think about your ability to manage through additional dollar strengthening going forward?
Tom Freyman: I pretty much covered that in my remarks. You know, we talked about 6% based on current rates on the top line and there's about 10% headwind on our earnings growth year-over-year. Historically as I have told you that follow us know within any one year we've done a pretty good job of managing through what I call normal fluctuations in currency and really it has not affected our performance against our expectations and going forward from this point, something in the major moves have happened. We would expect something similar in 2015. I think what everyone has seen in this season is that there are limits that there are major, major moves, but I'd say anything within the normal levels of fluctuations, we continue to do what we've done in the past.
Miles White: Mike, I would add to that. We may have an unusual mix of currencies relative to what multinationals, for us for example, the euro is not an impact because we just happen to have enough cost, manufacturing, and other things in Europe that it pretty much self hedges. So, as we look forward at the year, we're not more uncertain currencies might be to euro that won't affect us. We're pretty protected on that. And a rather back handed I guess bit a good fortune I dont really accept the Rubel to impact us very much because it already did and it already impacted us pretty significantly in 2014. So when we look forward at the particular currencies that are most likely you know to be volatile or might have risk and I have no corner on crystal ball here to know whats going to happen certainly no one would have projected any of things that happened this last year. I think that we are likely or possibly going to see volatility in FX we are in a pretty good position. And so we dont anticipate it impacting us like a good thumb and we have already had the impact for PN and others and observe that and we are going to the year with a little bit of cushion and contingencies just in case. So I think we are probably in good places we have ever been in spite of how heavy headwind is of FX in general for all countries.
Michael Weinstein: The strategic question you exit 2014 with the underlying businesses in really good shape obviously not all pieces are doing as well as you would like, but not aggregate and it looks very strong, obviously a lot stronger than it did 12, 18 months ago. So what are the strategic priorities and in particularly in the context of your balance sheet and what is your balance sheet could like so that you monetize your mile to take over the next several months?
Miles White: Well I assume that course would come up at some point. My first priority is to get the deal closed and you may know that there are several concludes today, but we've had some really good news here in the last week in terms of your approval for the deal and so forth. So I expect to get that closed pretty quickly here. You know I dont want to forecast where or what we might be looking at our considering. I do want to add that to business. I do want to add to the company in places where we either want to expand our footprint or can certainly expand the strength of our footprint you know that telegraphing where that might be, I mean as you know I dont if telegraphs post things ahead a time and yet we have been pretty consistent at the kinds of things we are interested in. I think we got a lot of capacity and you know presuming that everything concludes properly here with our mile and transaction we have got a lot of flexibility and a lot of capacity and I think I want to make good strategic deals that are prudent. I think that a little more difficulty these days. It's not difficult to be prudent. It's difficult to find a lot of good opportunities and if it fit a lot of price tags up there have very ambitious expectation and I dont think it has rich robust and emanating environment as we see in other years. But having said that I would like to still see plenty of opportunities for us to expand and add to the business and just question of right timing, right receptivity on the other side, great values, and finance some overlap. The good news is I think you want to really add to a sound foundation. And you know, sometimes if you do MNA to patch you know something thats not working in the core of the company then they will always work that well and we have a lot of disintegration to get through here separating from ABT pretty much concluded get in close. We have got the same thing where we can work through on the EPD develop market business. You know your organization ready for the integration of whatever you have made do have a bigger or small it may be and I think we are in a good place were the underlying performance where all the businesses is really good. You are right there is places that I would rather see better commercial performance, but overall very stable and some organization have the other task and distractions pretty much concluded so we could not be more ready and position better with good strong balance sheet. Having said that I know it does not give you any sort of indication of where, what, and when etc, but we are obviously looking something.
Michael Weinstein: And Mile a comment about targets ideally with the cash you are going to have outside the U.S. in the balance sheet as an ideal target would be outside the U.S. and other low shortage of target for you outside the US do you see opportunities there?
Miles White: I see a lot of targets outside the US. A lot of them have a very high valuation and expectations that are you know I think a little unrealistic in some cases, but you know on the grand scheme of things that is just negotiation. I think there is a lot of I think the external next to the U.S. is in a fashion not quite target rich, but there is a lot of that can be done to expand our business and our presence in a number of key countries. I dont rule out the U.S. I think that there is still opportunity in U.S. it's just a lot more selective and obviously financially speaking its a lot easier to build cash thats outside the U.S., where there is a going to be a lot of and thats a lot easier. You know under todays tax regimen so it's more -- probably a more attractive environment and a lot of our monitoring and you know hunting if you will is outside the U.S. The good news is we have been in these countries outside the U.S. a long time. And we know them reasonably well. You know a lot of cases the kinds of businesses that we are interested in outside the US or family owner or family sponsored a little different environment in the U.S. or European markets, but we are comfortable there. We are comfortable navigating there. We have had a fair amount of experience there and that is a plus, plus. I think during the last couple of years we have been accomplish some pretty unique and unusual acquisitions I think it was pretty unusual particularly given that we were well into it when the Ukraine issues happened and made it more difficult and I would say, I would path CFO for us to go and back here for having the presence of mind to do this deal in Rubles. So we were not exposed to exchange on that particular deal. I think its a fabulous deal for us long term in Russia and thats an important market for us and we anticipated that we did not wish for and the evaluation of Rubles we were prepared for it. So I think there is a number of places where there is opportunities for outside the U.S., but there arent necessarily thats is visible to U.S. investors or U.S. analysts I know you know that, but there is a lot out there that enhances what we are trying to do with the business and what we believe the growth opportunities are where we can leverage the already existing infrastructure we have.
Michael Weinstein: Perfect. Thank you. Mile. I will let some others jump in.
Operator: Thank you our next question is from Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank.
Kristen Stewart: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. If we could just focus on the margins and the underlying performance, what stands out the most to me is just the guidance in terms of the EPS being up 8.5% at the midpoint despite a 10% FX head wind. Can you maybe just walk through the confidence in the underlying margin expansion, and then also just touch on the fourth-quarter gross margin because that came in much better than we were anticipating.
Miles White: Ill make a couple of comments about it Kristen. Ill hand it over to Tom for little more color here. First of all I think we got, we had a head start here, because with the separation of FB as we have said in past calls we took a very comprehensive look at our G&A costs and our underlying costs in manufacturing and other things across the company and we have initiatives in all of our divisions pointed at that for some time and we have had some very good success with improvement of costs and improvement of expenses in the company in a variety of ways. And I highlighted nutrition and diagnostics as to that standout where we have tremendous improvement in underlying cost structure. The unfortunate thing is that given the exchange rates that multinational have experienced from on and so forth some of that has been chewed up or at least that improvement in our costs and expense structure has protected us from erosion from exchange and it continues to. Ideally we want to keep improving those costs overtime, which we believe we can, but the biggest costs we have had, has been exchanged and I dont think that you do see in the top line. The good news is in a lot of cases we have cost structure and our expense structure distributed among the countries where we have the high sales and profit and so it does offset to some degree the impact of exchange on the sales line. And what we will see is when it hurts the sales line it improves the gross margin. It is just offsetting so part of the improvement that you have seen in our gross margin is being in the right places when exchange so that we can mitigate the impact on our profits and we got a big head start on that two years ago when we splint. So we have been well prepared to sort of observe what's happening and it would have been our intent to have much higher earnings but in fact it has observed the impact and kept as a performance level thats really good, but we could have hoped for more had it not been for that. Tom do you want to give some more color on that.
Tom Freyman: Ill just add a couple of things recall when we announced the ETD develop market transaction, we said that the underlying growth have rate of ABT was about 2% better on a continuing operations basis and once before so certainly that is giving a little more rooms to our growth than what you might have expected. I think the other thing and its a really all about the manufacturing margin, there are gross margin that Miles alluded to. The last two years we have had relatively flat gross margin and what we have been saying is that has been in spite of the really strong costs improvement programs Miles talked about because the currency was hurting our gross margin, but that was because the year was strong and that was keeping our costs for that particular large manufacturing cost base up pretty high. But now the year was moving with the other currencies and the real benefit of the real actions in our manufacturing plants and our operations people are really starting to show through the gross margin now that the Euro is matching where the other currencies are going in direction line. So I think those are a couple of differences that really are the bases for our relatively stronger EPS growth rate in '15 than you might be seeing from other companies.
Miles White: Make no mistake. If werent all of us facing some of the currency headwinds earnings would be even stronger.
Kristen Stewart: And I guess just in light of all the portfolio moves how do you look at longer-term growth? Do you feel very well positioned in the mid to high single digit and it certainly sounds like double-digit EPS growth forecast?
Miles White: Well its always our intent to be in that range and do better and I feel pretty good about that, I say this would caution because I would not have predicted the things that happened in the latter half of the year in 2014 and I dont think there is many people that would have predicted what happened in 2014 toward the end of the year either in what happened with the price of oil, what happened with interest rates, what happened with exchange rates, etcetera. so thats it all things be equal.
Tom Freyman: Yes I expect that we can maintain healthy high single digit sales growth rate and double digit bottom line growth rate thats our intense, thats are goal, we think thats kind of identity and expectations of a company and so every year at every LRP, every long range plan is sort of built around the expectation of maintenance of that and we have always got sort of long term view of where we believe those growth and share opportunities are. And I say so far so good I dont see any reason to accept less.
Kristen Stewart: And just to clarify you said high single digit sales or mid to high.
Miles White: Mid to high. To be clear. I am always pushing for more in reality today mid is pretty good and I can remember when mid was a disaster and today mid looks pretty good and I guess if the market, the world, all of us are doing well then everything looks good, but I think we target that range. If we steadily or in that mid to high range we are going to be targeting high. And if we are steadily in the high range we are going to be targeting double. It's going to be always wanting to do a little better than may be a lot better than what the market gives you.
Kristen Stewart: Prefect. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question is from David Roman from Goldman Sachs.
David Roman: Thank you. Good morning everybody. I wanted to start on the U.S. as obviously markets outside the United States were very strong for you in the quarter. But maybe you could just talk a little bit broadly about your U.S. franchises, particularly in the context of what looks to have been a better operating environment domestically, whether it's what we are seeing out of the hospitals or some of the other volume-related companies. How do you think about the evolution of your US franchise in 2015 and beyond?
Miles White: I think the U.S. first of all very important market, it's such a big market. It's our largest market and three of our major business are large and important here. And one the established pharmaceutical business is not here at all in U.S. I would say it's interesting to me, most shareholders and analyst that I listen to today or hear from will tell me the US is better relative to what. I dont think that the health care environment or health care products companies in the U.S. are that much better to be honest. I dont think its a robust market. I think its a reaction to the kind of sudden volatility that lot of companies have experienced outside the U.S. and we tend to like predictability in this country and we tend to like our predictability in quarterly doses. But I look at the market for long term and I think what the U.S. is a health market, its important for products, but I dont consider it in our businesses a particularly robust growth market and that means as we look at the U.S. our expectations to be in good single digit range and remain profitable and health here, but the real growth even this volatile market a worldwide is outside the U.S. For I think for health care products, for pharmaceuticals, for devices, for the products that were in I think the growth rates are much better outside the US, we just have to navigate the volatility of that means. And in that case there is probably 15 countries around the world may be 20 depending on what company you are that are important in varying degrees as growth opportunities market development opportunities etc and if those economies are developing or recovering as the case may be, I think the underlying fundamentals of growth of those market succeed the U.S. That doesnt mean the U.S. is best. I think the U.S. is better than it has been, but it has not been particularly good, so better is easy, it's a little hurdle and while we say the U.S. is more solid today, I think the U.S. today is in certainly a growth market its just a lot more stable and predictable than a lot of markets around the world. Do you guys want to add to that?
Tom Freyman: No Ill just say, even as we look at 2015, where in currency side again we are looking growth rates you know 2 to 3 4X what the US is and it underscores minus points thats where the growth is, but we do see improvements in some of our U.S. businesses in 2015. Diagnostics is continued to be a pretty good performance relative to the lower growth market and you ADC is now moving better into better territory and we do ask them to new product activity in vascular which can help you grow-up from slow growth market and things like MitraClip and Supera, and XIENCE Alpine are going to help us do a little better in that business in 2015. But the relative growth rate I just tackle with what Mile said there is no comparison and thats why we have pursued and invested more in these higher growth markets.
Miles White: Ill say what is coming in the US and its frankly is a good for any company around the world in any country, but here in the U.S. you are not going to get a lot of tailwind growth. So you better be prepared to innovate and slug it up for share. And you got to look it at that way that you got win, you got to be the competitor, you cannot just take a tailwind. We got keep improving our products and got to keep putting up better products and gain our share that way. The thing I am heartened by is when I look across all of our business in the vision in their R&D pipeline and the products that are bringing whether are incremental innovation or may be substantial innovation like Libre in our diabetes care business they are really good products and they really will make a difference and they really will drive share gain and growth. That actually I look forward to as a real positive here for the next two to five years as we keep bringing out more and more new products. It keeps us and makes us more competitive in markets like the US. Frankly the reverse side of that is in markets where you got a tailwind of growth. You tend be a sharp in terms of competitiveness because you are getting that tailwind growth and its actually a health for us to be both ways and we will get the benefit of our new products and new innovations in all markets.
David Roman: Okay, that's a helpful perspective. Maybe just a follow-up on some of the questions around M&A and strategic vision here. I think the language that you have used in the past couple calls is looking at Reshape Abbott in 2014 was obviously a busy year in that regard. Can you maybe give us some more perspective on Reshape Abbott into what? What is the long-term vision here given all the moving parts? Are we looking at this as a four-legged stool for a sustainable period of time? Is the mix of business one that makes sense? Ultimately when you are done with that reshaping, what do you want Abbott to look like?
Miles White: I want the foundation we have got. I like the four legged that we have that we want to describe on this four legs. We talked off and on from time to time about whether something is truly a fifth leg or whether a leg four current structure for example. A lot of people would not necessarily see the brand and generic pharmaceutical business than they are efficient business as related, but truthfully oversees they go through all the same channel, they go through the same wholesales, they go through the same retail outlet, they go through the same pharmaceutical or pharmacies and so forth. And so they are spreading they are very consumer facing in the markets and targets we focused on and so there is a lot of call it brand synergy and customer synergy and consumer synergy among them. So those are plusses for us. And we are not in - although than non nutrition business and in a way our brand of generic business we are not fully in the OTC business. But I will use it as a wide example, because, if someone brings me in a opportunity here that say, look, its got this - by the way, its got OTC, which is rejected with the OTC. Well you know I wouldnt in some countries. Does that mean I'm looking for that in order to try to compete with P&G in the U.S., no, I'm not, but if in a country like India, where the overlap of OTX, OTC branded generic Pharma and nutrition is such, that that was a extension opportunity, it would strategically fit really well with our infrastructure in India. So I would say kind of the pen, and I think were much stronger when we can add to businesses we already know and already understand the operating models and know how we can leverage both the business, the brands infrastructure et cetera, much like we are -- we see it far in Latin America. I want to be cautious not to roll out opportunities that I think are long term expansions for us. I look at medical optics. When we made that acquisition number of years ago, well there was some criticism that -- gee, that's far afield for you. It isnt, its not a nice strong growth drive for us what I would add to it, I would. If I see the right opportunities, and the right circumstances, so I think the related businesses here, they all have a couple of things in common. They are all in growing markets. They are all innovation driven. They are all durable. They are durable in terms of growth rates and I compare that to the funnel business that we used to be. Pharma its a fabulous business. If you get all the way to the finish line and launch the product, and its a risky business, its a science so risky with pharmaceuticals. And so its a different business model. Without the pharmaceutical business that particular pharmaceutical business which has been tremendously successful separate from Abbott, we are more of a durable growth company. A lot of people would interpret durable a number of different ways. I think at least mid to high single digit growth I think its not particularly volatile in terms of patterns exploration and so forth although it might benefit from IPU like our wise business doing. But its got a certain stability to it but also growth and innovation driven. And I think that the long term identity of Abbott has been to be growth, to be relatively reliable to be real growth and to return cash et cetera to shareholders as it grows. And thats been the identity of the company for a long time. I think the mix of countries and products that were in delivers that identity without a lot of harsh volatility. And I think an example would be the environment were in right now. If we can weather 2014 and 2015 with whats happening in the world economies and in the world markets and so forth, and deliver the results were delivering, I think we are absolutely living up to the identity of a very reliable durable profitable growth company. And thats what this mix of business is, a mix of geographies does. And I think its a bit of unique that way. But I think thats the intent of what we are trying to do whether there is room for a fifth or sixth leg in there, I think it depends. And I think we take our opportunities as they come, we know what were good at, we know what were not good at or dont know about. If were looking at some acquisition, or business to add to the company, my first question is, can we add to it? And so we do better because its in our hand and I think thats a critical threshold for us to hold ourselves to as we invest shareholder money.
David Roman: Thank you. I appreciate all the perspective and congrats on a good quarter and first start to 2015.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Good morning. I just want to come back to guidance for a quick second. I think the numbers were largely in line with many expectations. But the revenue outlook has been, I think, more bullish this morning. And I think the stock is reacting to that. Either for Miles or Tom or Brian, thinking about this year, if you can get acceleration, you have more difficult comps versus 2014 as the business improved in the back half of 2014. We talked a lot about emerging market currency but there may be emerging market weakness investors are concerned about. So, the first question is just what provides the confidence that you can get that incremental acceleration and be very confident in that revenue number? Is it products, is it specific segments? And where does that momentum reside that even in the face of EM and the face of strengthening comps you feel pretty confident that you can deliver this top-line number. And then I have a quick follow up.
Miles Whit: Let me give a couple of comments and I'll hand it back to Brian and Tom to add. There is a number of moving parts here. The first thing that I would say is, we look at the underlying growth of the businesses, some of them are very strong, stronger than you might see, some countries have stabilized and turned more positive - India as an example when it has last year. So there is some underlying strengths here that comes from a variety of sources, number one. Number two, and there is still somewhat I like to see do better. Number two, there is the lapping of various events or uneven miss in the quarterly reporting. So for example, you recall last year in the first half of the year we were lapping a recall from the prior year which surpassed the first and second quarter of 2014, which enhances the comparison for 2015. So weve got some of that up and down in here as well. We have the launch of some new products. We have two acquisitions in here that werent there before that particularly effect the last half of the year CFR and Veropharm. There will be two subtractions from the company which will also effect that quarter-over-quarter comparison established from developed market business will be out of the mix. So when you change the mix of the pieces and the growth rates of the various pieces, when it all comes together, it actually looks like what we forecasted and makes sense. Its just there is a lot of moving parts and I think it probably is not that easy for investors to tease those apart, put them back together and so what it all will -- and I'm very confident in it.
Brian Yoor: David, this is Brian. And I would say, just as like foreign exchange, I think whats going on in the companies, definitely in different ways. You take for example whats going in with respect to the price of oil. There were actually countries who benefit from this and you see that pass all the way down through their GDP and also way to the consumer. And as Miles talked about being a more consumer base company, clearly this has planned out very nicely in the countries for example of China and India who are net importers of oil, we are seeing very good performance by our nutrition business particularly with the launch of the products Similac QINTI that I referenced, as well as Eleva. Recall, we just turned on promotion there towards the end of 2014 and I would add that China as well, weve not only recovered to baseline, weve gone beyond share. So for all signs pointing positive there.
Miles Whit: David let me add one more thing to it. Clearly under the circumstances in the last four weeks when so many companies have identified the currency risk that everybody is feeling and the currency hit that everybody feeling and the oil sand that many are feeling and the impact of that on tertiary markets and so forth. A lot of people are necessarily to report thats it going to impact their business. And with all that different business, in that environment I would have to say its tempting to reset the bar lower. We look at that and said no, we are not going to reset our bar lower, its not because its hard for us to stretch to do it, if you want to be transparently reliable growth company as we are and we are already dealing with, always adjusting educating our investors about the variety of emerging markets when and so forth. I think it is important for us to be true of what we are going to do and this is what we think were going to do. I mean there was a temptation that, buy a little conservatism here, and estimate lower and beat. We may bit anyway but I didnt want to take that opportunities to set lower so I'm confident in these numbers, I'm confident in the earnings projection, I think our mix is different than others, I think as I pointed out earlier, we are just not vulnerable to the euro and a lot of companies are. And based on the forecast there, I dont have the same issues. So our earnings turn out where they are.
David Lewis: Okay. Just one quick question. I am loathe to ask another balance sheet M&A question but I am just going to ask it and hate myself the rest of the week. Miles, one of the hallmarks of how you approached M&A was to basically fix exposure. You have obviously had this nutritional asset, which is great exposure. You've increased your exposure to the part of the pharmaceutical business that you want and decreased your exposure to the part you didn't want. I wonder if you can talk about the consumer more broadly. Is getting access or getting exposure to the consumer, or steam, or something we could expect out of the company in coming quarters and years?
Miles White: Yes, but for reasons different than just exposure to the consumer, I would say we've intentionally wanted to change the mix of the company to outsource sales and profit etcetera that wasnt necessarily as reliant on government reimbursement. We wanted a greater mix of patient pay or consumer pay and I would rather ride with the consumer markets than ride with the volatility of say Europe where it's heavily, heavily reimbursement driven and given the economic issues that most European countries in the EU faces, you are at the whim of the next stroke of the pen to cut prices. So wanted a different mix and we wanted a different geographic mix, we wanted a different balance in how much we're reliant on payers, how much we're reliant on government and how much we're reliant on the consumer or the patient themselves. So that drove some of the choice around geography and/or business areas that we believe make up a durable growth company. We also find that the predictable growth in profitability of countries that are -- or businesses that are more patient pay is frankly more reliable than those that at least for us are susceptible to reimbursement cuts etcetera. So it doesnt mean we don't want to in countries that are reimbursement driven, we do. It's a matter of balance. It's a matter of mix. It's a matter of timing have it but not too much.
Brian Yoor: Okay. We'll have time for one more question operator please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Good morning. Thanks for fitting me in. Just a couple quick clarification questions for Tom, and then one product-related question from Miles. On EPS, I just wanted to confirm, the FX hit, the 10 percentage point hit. So, at the midpoint constant currency would be about 235, Tom?
Tom Freyman: Yes 10% of our $0.20, so that's part right Larry.
Larry Biegelsen: And then the contribution from acquisitions implied in the high single-digit constant currency growth for 2015, we have about 4%.
Tom Freyman: Closer to 3.5% Larry.
Larry Biegelsen: 3.5%. Okay. And that includes, that's net of divestitures, Tom?
Larry Biegelsen: Divestitures are already out of the numbers because of our continuing operation. So that should be comparable between the years.
Larry Biegelsen: Got it. Then just lastly for me, Miles, on Libre, if you could talk about your excitement for that product, how big you think it can be, and your long-term strategy in atrial fibrillation, a new market for you. I am sure people would be interested to hear your long-term strategy there. Thanks.
Miles White: Okay. First of all on Libre, I am excited about the product. I think it's a great innovation a great product. I think we've had really good customer response and I guess our challenge right now is capacity expansion. And I would say that's the limiting factor for us quicker, faster, sooner than we expected and so the organizations kept the blow torch going to expand capacity because I think that product particularly as word of mouth spreads among patients is going to be very strong. I am frustrated with the pace of regulatory approval in the U.S., but nevertheless right now we know the capacity anyways. So it's open to a really good reception in Europe and I expect it's going to be a real positive product for us in that sector. On the electrophysiology front I don't want to create higher expectations there because everybody is going to tell me we're entering land of the giants and so forth. I think it's a great segment. I think there is a lot of opportunity for advancement of technology there to make a real and improved impact on the treatment of the patient. People see it as a $3 billion market today. I think it's going to be a bigger market a much bigger market over time and I think there is a lot of room for technology innovation there. We've invested in not only to play but a number of other companies from an equity standpoint to bring along and we have a long term view of how we want to play in that market which I don't want to detail here. But we're going to take a run at it and see what can be accomplished there.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions, guys. Thank you, operator and thank you all for your questions and that concludes Abbott's conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 AM Central Time today on Abbotts Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com and after 11:00 AM Central Time via telephone at 203-369-0489 pass code 5311. The audio replay will be available until 04:00 PM Central Time on Thursday, February 12. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you and this does conclude todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbotts Third Quarter 2014 Earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions) Should you become disconnected throughout this conference call, please dial 1-773-799-3472 and reference the Abbott earnings call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbotts express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Brian Yoor, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Brian Yoor: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today are Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2014. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbotts operations are discussed in Item 1(a), Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Also you will see in our earnings news release this morning that financial results from the developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business have been presented as discontinued operations this quarter due to the pending sale to Mylan. As a result the line items of our consolidated statement of earnings are now reported on the basis of continuing operations. We also provide in the release a reconciliation between continuing and discontinued operations for the third quarter and the first nine months of 2013 and 2014. For the remainder of 2014, our earnings per share guidance will include results from both continuing operations as well as discontinued operations associated with the developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business being sold to Mylan. Our commentary and guidance for sales and other P&L line items will be for continuing ops only. In todays conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay, thanks Brian, good morning. This morning we reported adjusted earnings per share above expectations and another quarter of sequential improvement in total company sales growth. Were also raising the midpoint of our full year adjusted EPS guidance range which is now $2.25 to $2.27 representing double-digit growth. Third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.62 increased approximately 13% including discontinued operations which is above our previous guidance range. Today Ill focus my comments on results from Abbotts continuing operations for sales increase 6.7% operationally. Emerging market sales will now represent nearly 50% of Abbotts total sales and increased 15% in the quarter with double-digit growth and establish pharmaceuticals, nutrition and diagnostic. In the quarter, we also advanced number of transactions in our branded generics business to accelerate our ability to drive balanced and sustainable growth in emerging geographies. We remain on track to divest our developed markets business in Mylan in the first quarter of next year. Mylan is well positioned with its global scale and capabilities to do well with this business over the long-term. We completed our acquisition of CFR Pharmaceuticals at the end of September, which establishes Abbott as a top 10 pharmaceutical company in Latin America. CFR provides scale and a product portfolio that strongly compliments Abbotts presence in Latin America and more than doubles our branded generic sales in the region. CFR also brings a network of manufacturing plants and R&D facilities in Columbia, Chile, Peru and Argentina, which further diversifies our cost base in emerging markets. And most importantly CFR adds top talent with strong local market knowledge and a proven ability to quickly develop manufacturing and bring new products to market. We expect our announced acquisition of Veropharm to close by the end of the year. Veropharm positions Abbott to become a top 5 branded generics company in Russia providing us with income for manufacturing and a broad portfolio well aligned to our therapeutic areas of focus. Following the close of these transactions, our established pharmaceuticals business will operate entirely in emerging geographies where the growth of branded generics are driven by favorable demographics, including growing healthcare systems and a customer base that largely pays out of pocket for high quality, trusted brands. Moving forward, we would expect this business generates sales growth in the upper single to double digits. We are also executing on our organic growth opportunities including the launch of a number of new products and innovations across our businesses Ill briefly review our third quarter results. And Ill start with nutrition, where sales increased double digits this quarter. Weve largely recovered from the sales disruption in our international business at the same time were executing a multiple new product launches across key geographies. We continue to invest in our global infrastructure to support the strong global demand from adult pediatric nutrition. As we discussed last quarter we reinforced our footprint in China to the opening of our new manufacturing plant in Jiaxing and our strategic alliance with Fonterra to invest locally in Chinas milk supply. And last week in India we announced the opening of our third new manufacturing facility this year in nutrition, a stronger footprint in our key geographies will allow us to be closer to our customers and work faster to creating customized new products for their needs. In diagnostics, we delivered 6% operational growth in third quarter of sequential improvement from the second quarter driven by continued above market performance in core laboratory diagnostics and point of care diagnostics. We are funding investments in growth and advanced multiple new system platforms across all three of our diagnostics businesses. In medical devices, our vascular business is performing below our expectations primarily related to sales of our drug eluting portfolio. We remained focused on improved execution and increasing penetration of absorbing Europe and several key emerging geographies. MitraClip, our structural heart technology delivered strong double digit growth in the quarter and we expect continued adoption in the U.S. following improved reimbursement national Medicare coverage. Our peripheral stent, Supera also contributed the growth of our new vascular business in the quarter. In diabetes care, we launched our next generation flash glucose monitor FreeStyle Libre into the nearly $4 billion blood glucose monitoring market in Europe. Libre is a revolutionary new glucose sensing technology which generated very positive feedback early in its launch; it eliminates the need for routine finger sticks and provides glucose data in a simple format that allows people with diabetes to achieve better health outcomes. And in vision care, 70% of our sales are generated by our cataract product, which increased double-digits again this quarter. Our new cataract lenses and the uptick of our catalyst laser cataract system are driving above market growth to support the growing global demand for our cataract lenses we recently booked ground on a new manufacturing facility in Malaysia. In established pharmaceuticals, as we expected, sales improve sequentially again this quarter. The emerging market branded generic business increased double digits as a result of improved commercial execution and continued expansion of product portfolios in several of our therapeutic areas of focus. We expect continued momentum in EPD as we exit the year including CFR where sales have been growing consistently at a double-digit pace. So in summary, were right on track with our expectations that we communicated at the beginning of this year. Operational sales growth has improved sequentially each quarter. Were particularly pleased to see that type of improvement in our branded generics business and nutrition as well as steady global performance in diagnostics and vision care. We again exceeded adjusted earnings per share exceptions for the quarter and increased the midpoint of our EPS guidance range which results in another year double-digit adjusted EPS growth. And were continuing to build Abbott for global growth over the long term including the CFR acquisition in the third quarter and working toward our first quarter 2015 close of the sale of our developed market branded generics business for Mylan. Ill now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Freyman: Thanks, Miles. As Brian mentioned upfront because guidance previously provided for the third quarter and the full year 2014 included the developed markets branded generics business for the Mylan, we will continue to include the contributions in this business and our EPS guidance for the remainder of 2014. However, our commentary and guidance for sales and other P&L line items this quarter and for the fourth quarter forecast will be for continuing operations only that is excluding the business being sold to Mylan. Today, we reported third quarter diluted earnings per share excluding specified items of $0.62 above our previous guidance range. Sales from continuing operations that is excluding the developed markets branded generics business increased 6.7% on an operational basis and 5.8% on a recorded basis during the quarter. Including the contribution from discontinued operations sales would have increase 5.6% on an operational basis in line with previous guidance. Operational sales growth was driven by strong performance in several businesses including double-digit growth in established pharmaceuticals and nutrition and steady growth in diagnostics and vision care. Total company sales in emerging markets increased 15% on an operational basis in the quarter. The adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.4% of sales, adjusted R&D investment was 6% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense was 29.4% of sales from continuing operations. Turning to our outlook for the full year 2014, today were raising the midpoint and narrowing our EPS guidance range excluding specified items to $2.25 to $2.27 which includes results from our developed markets branded generics business now presented as discontinued operations and reflect double-digit growth over 2013. We forecast operational sales growth from continuing operations in the mid-single digit for the full year 2014 based on current exchange rates we expect this change to have a negative impact of approximately 2% on our full year recorded sales which is somewhat more negative than previous expectations driven by the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar. This would result in reported sales growth in the low to mid-single digits for the full year 2014. Brian will review the growth outlooks by business in a few minutes. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 65% of sales adjusted R&D investment of somewhat more than 6% of sales and adjusted SG&A expense of around 30% of sales from continuing operations for the full year 2014. Turning to the outlook for the fourth quarter of 2014, we forecast double-digit operational sales growth from continuing operations. As Miles mentioned earlier, we recently completed the acquisition of CFR Pharmaceuticals and expect this business to contribute approximately $200 million to sales in the fourth quarter. Based on current exchange rates, we expect this change to have a negative impact of somewhat more than 2.5% on sales in the quarter. This would result in recorded sales growth in the high single digits for the fourth quarter. We forecast on adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 55.5% of sales, adjusted R&D investment approximately 6.5% of sales, and adjusted SG&A expense of around 28% of sales from continuing operations in the fourth quarter. So in summary, our sales and earnings progression for the year is playing out as we forecasted back in January as we continue to forecast another year of double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth. And with that Ill turn it over to Brian to review the business operating highlights and outlook.
Brian Yoor: Thanks Tom. This morning Ill review our third quarter 2014 performance and fourth quarter sales outlook by business. As I mentioned earlier my comments will focus on operational sales growth. Ill start with our nutrition business where global sales increase 10% in third quarter. In our international pediatric nutrition business, sales increase 14%. Weve recaptured our share in China and Vietnam following the previously recorded 2013 sales disruption and continue to drive uptake of new products. This includes new infant formula products Similac QINTI and Eleva that we recently launched into the premium segments of the Chinese market to further enhance our competitive position. International adult nutrition sales increased strong double digit in the quarter, represents the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth in this business. Sales growth is led by continued strong performance of our Ensure brand and double-digit growth in emerging markets. Last week Abbott announced the opening of our new nutrition manufacturing plant in India, the third plant we open this year to increasing demand for our nutrition products. This new manufacturing plants is one of Abbotts most technologically advanced nutrition plants in the world and sourced up to 80% of ingredients locally in India. We will work together with Abbotts nutrition R&D center in India to deliver innovations to address unmet health needs in pediatric and adult nutrition while also meeting specific local tastes and processes. In the U.S., nutrition sales increased low single digits in the quarter in line with expectations. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect global nutrition to deliver double-digit sales growth on an operational basis. In our diagnostics business, sales increased 6% in the third quarter representing sequential improvements from the second quarter where sales in emerging markets growing double-digits. Core laboratory diagnostics sales increase nearly 7% as we continue to outperform the market. In the U.S., sales growth was impacted by comparison to the third quarter of 2013 when sales were higher due to the timing of equipment sales. Year-to-date growth of 7.5% better reflects the underlying performance of the U.S. business where we continue to build momentum with our enterprise account commercial model. International sales in the third quarter increased 8%driven by continued strong growth in emerging markets. In molecular diagnostics, our core focus and largest business is infectious disease testing where year-to-date sales increased mid-single digits. In the quarter, growth in our infectious disease business was offset by decline in some of our smaller businesses as well as timing of tenders in several emerging markets. In point of care diagnostics, worldwide sales increased 6.7%, representing a sequential improvement from the first two quarter of the year. International sales increased 17% as this business continues to build and expand its presence in targeted developed and emerging markets. For the fourth quarter, in global diagnostics were forecasting mid-to-high single-digits operational sales growth. In medical devices, vascular sales decreased low single digits in the quarter. Sales growth was relatively flat excluding the impact of the third quarter 2013 sales through up related to a third-party agreement. We continue to see strong market adoption of MitraClip, our breakthrough technology for the treatment of mitral regurgitation and growth from Supera, a peripheral stent for the superficial femoral artery or SFA. As Miles mentioned during the third quarter, MitraClip received national Medicare coverage and an improved payment rate for the procedure, which will help drive adoption of MitraClip in the U.S. Both structural heart and endovascular products grew double digits in the third quarter globally. In our drug eluting portfolio on September, we presented the first randomized clinical trial result for Absorb our Bioresorbable Vascular Scaffold. One year results from the Absorb II study demonstrated that Absorb provides comparable results to science and lower rate of angina or chest pain. Also in the quarter, we launched additional XIENCE for expanding the potential for Absorb used in more coronary procedures. As we look ahead, we expect to see improvement in vascular sales growth driven by commercial execution and contribution from new products as well as further Absorb penetration as we exit the year. So for the fourth quarter, we expect to see a sequential improvement in growth in the third quarter with relatively flat year-over-year sales on an operational basis. In diabetes care, global sales in the third quarter were somewhat ahead of our expectations as the rate of decline in the U.S. was moderating. Outside of the U.S. were focused on driving growth in both emerging and developed markets in our diabetes care business and recently announced European launch of our revolutionary new glucose sensing technology called FreeStyle Libre. It eliminates routine finger pricks and finger-prick calibration, and with glucose levels discreetly through a sensor that can be worn on the back of the upper arm. In the near term, were working to obtain reimbursement for Libre in Europe as well as breakthrough market in a number of additional countries next year. For the fourth quarter, in our global diabetes business, we expect a mid-single digit decline on an operational basis with international growth offset by the later stages of the market transition in the U.S. in line with our forecast earlier this year. In vision care, sales increased 9% in the third quarter. Sales of our cataract product which represents approximately 70% of our vision care business increased double digits, outpacing the growth of the global cataract market. We continue to capture market share with our recently launched premium intraocular lenses including our TECNIS OptiBlue line of lenses in Japan and our TECNIS Toric lenses in the U.S. and Japan. In addition, we continue to see strong adoption of our new CATALYS laser cataract system. We are also receiving strong feedback from early adopter of our new TECNIS Symfony extended range of vision intraocular lens that we launched in Europe in the second quarter. TECNIS Symfony provides patients with a continuous range of vision including far, intermediate and near differences but with reduced incidence of halo and glare. And last week, we announced the distribution agreement in the U.S. with Carl Zeiss Meditec, a leading ophthalmology diagnostic company. The Zeiss product line of diagnostics and visualization systems combined with Abbott's intraocular lenses, lens removal systems and laser cataract systems provide surgeons a comprehensive portfolio of cataract products to maximize the visual outcome and streamline patient flow. For the fourth quarter of the 2014, we expect our global vision care business to grow double digits on an operational basis. And lastly, our established pharmaceuticals business or EPB where sales from continuing operations that is excluding the developed markets branded generics pharmaceutical business increased nearly 13% in the quarter. This strong performance was driven by double digits sales growth across several emerging markets including India, Russia, Mexico, and Vietnam. This business continues to make meaningful progress and becoming a more consumer oriented organization and is focused on expanding products portfolios in key therapeutic areas. Implementing new branding initiatives across the portfolio and increasing its focus on marketing to the pharmacy channel. For the fourth quarter of 2014, we forecast double-digit sales growth on an operational basis from continuing operations in our emerging markets branded generics business. This includes CFR pharmaceuticals, which is expected to contribute sales of approximately $200 million in the fourth quarter. So in summary, sales growth improves sequentially this quarter as we expected and we exceeded earnings-per-share expectations, raising the midpoint of our full year guidance range. We are on track for another year of double-digit adjusted earnings per share growth in 2014. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is from Mike Weinstein from JPMC.
Mike Weinstein: Thank you for taking the questions and congratulations on a nice quarter. Miles I wanted to really start with the EPD business and first the updated agreement today with Mylan could you spend a minute on that? Because obviously there was some question about whether that transaction as it was initially constructed. So A, could you comment on that? And then B, the EPT performance of this quarter up 12.9%. Can you just talk about the sustainability of that performance? It seems like a very high number so can you just talk about how we should think about that business going forward, thanks.
Miles White: Well, I assume there is one of the question this morning was some clarity on whether or not that transaction with Mylan is going forward I think thats clear we reported discontinued operations, - financials et cetera and as we very clearly said in the earnings release yesterday tracking forward no change probably thats what comment on that. So that was special takeaway some speculation on certainty there and thats all tracking according to schedule. The performance of the remainder of EPD actually its both halves, weve actually seen improvement in the developed markets part of the business which is good thing thats the part that were divesting to Mylan. And we've seen improvement in the emerging market piece. I think some improvement in market and economy in few of these markets like India but overall lets say improvement in the overall performance of the business which weve been expecting and waiting for and that was kind of what we intended and what we planned and were seeing it. So, thats gratifying, I think everybody around the world, every company I have seen reporting as expressing caution around economies everywhere and currencies everywhere so forth and I think one issue that I continue to track closely which weve obviously less control of then the operating performance of these businesses is just the overall currency volatility around the world and that of course effects this business because its purely an ex-U.S. business but other than that I think what were seeing here and gradual improvements in our performance in the business is good, thats good and Im feeling pretty good about that because as you know earlier in the year we were projecting sequential improvements in this business as the year went on and you guys directly ask about it every quarter and were seeing that. Your greatest fear is that you dont see that so were pleased with that now in addition we add CFR to that, CFRs performance in Latin America has been consistent double-digit growth and thats also a plus and going forward. So, I think if you look at the underlying performance of the business we exceeded double-digit growth and there is very little CFR in here because of the timing close there is not a lot of CFR in the numbers and even without it business is going double digit. So Im pleased with what I see in emerging markets when were done with the Mylan transaction with the developed market business this business will be purely an emerging market business which has been our strategic intent to focus on because we see the conditions in those markets and the developing economies quite favorable to the business over time. So that remains an important strategic focus for us and I think the investors now will have a much clearer visibility of transparency to the opportunity in those markets. One of the great things about emerging markets is the growth potential there of these economies and the healthcare systems and thats why were focused on that, thats a very important source of growth, it comes with volatility which means you got to be diverse, you got to be diverse in geographies youre in fortunately were well spread out I think CFR helped us even further with that. So, I like the prospects for the business and Im glad were seeing the fundamental improve.
Mike Weinstein: So Miles, just two quick follow ups if I can. So one obviously one you're confident that the transaction is going to go through. Two, the piece that we talked about that you didn't really address in all of your opening comments of this call was the vascular business which obviously had a difficult quarter. So can you just talk a little bit about how you're thinking about that business strategically and how you turn that business around given your success now in turning around EPD? Thanks.
Miles White: Well first of all back to your original question about confidence. Were right on track with our transaction with Mylan and Im superstitious enough not to want to speculate or hypothesize or whatever. I would say were on track with what we said, what we expected and everything were doing is pointed at the conclusion on time, on schedule as described. And I dont know what else to say about it I dont really want to get into a lot of speculation about other stuff, but I think its, as I said, tracking exactly where we wanted to be. So, thats about as much as I can say and only thing I should say. The vascular business is a disappointment. There is just no question about that. And this is our performance. You know to a degree, I think all of us competing in this business can look at a slower market, but this isn't about slower markets this is about us. The part of this business where I am most disappointed is the US in us and our performance there. There's a lot of price competition, but you know when there is price competition that price affects everybody, so the whole market is experiencing price competition. I think that there's a fair amount of commoditization that's happening here, its customers returning more and more towards value and less and less toward differentiation and performance of products. And I think when that happens your competitors begin to sell on price and other factors. I think this market has definitely changed. The dynamics, the competitive dynamics have changed and our approach to it needs to change as well and that's just a fact. For us, you know, if you look at the performance is primarily the stent business and it's primarily the US. Now is there a residual effect in Europe, there is, is there a residual effect in Japan? There is. Id say in both countries, both geographies, that is Japan and Europe its price. But in addition, I think that there's a definitely a share war going on where the leaders in the category and as such, were targeted by everybody else. And we all seem to be dealing with that as well as we should. And I think that's pretty clear. So, at this point, I don't have any projections to make to you other than you've got our full attention.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Roman from Goldman Sachs.
David Roman: Thank you good morning everybody. I wanted to sort of follow along the train of thought on the vascular business. And Miles if we make the comparison to the turnaround you may be able to execute on EPD, it seems like it's not completely analogous. And the reason I say that is EPD operated in very attractive end markets largely in the emerging markets. Whereas in vascular the vast majority of the business is in stents which I think would be hard to call an attractive market. So as you think about this business strategically do you need to rethink the business mix or the potential to engage in more aggressive portfolio modification to really change the growth portfolio of that vascular franchise?
Miles White: Well, first of all, let me tell you, I don't see an analogy between this and EPD other than there's been a time when both have performed below our expectations and we frankly - which in the pro forma at or above our expectations, so there is the comparability. Other than that, youre right. Theyre different. The answers to the device business or the stent business are clearly different. The dynamics of the market are different and so on. In our case, I think, there is two things. One is we clearly have to deal with our competitiveness in the stent category and in particular in the US. We simply have to figure out here how to be a lot more competitive than we apparently have been. So that's point number one, point number two beyond that, I think for this business to be a contributor to growth it's got to be broader. We've got to broaden our footprints here. We've got to broaden into new areas and new innovations. Now, in our case, MitraClip, the peripheral, the longer term prospects for Absorb and frankly any other expansion beyond that, they're all considerations here. We can't just sit here and be a drug-eluding stent company and rely on that. So it's clearly our intent to broaden the business and grow other dimensions of it in the device area. But you have to do that on strong foundations, so we've got to fix the competitiveness of the underlying business first. And were clearly looking at how we expand and shape this business going forward. I have no intention of being out of the business, I've no intention of shrinking, I have no intention of any other changes other than full steam ahead, but Id say the underlying competitiveness and then expansion from there is what's on the table.
David Roman: Okay that's helpful for perspective and then maybe just on the underlying business, maybe you could talk a little bit more about adult nutritionals that that is a franchise that looks to be doing reasonably well and it obviously looks to be a pretty big opportunity in China on a go forward basis. Could you maybe just help us understand the adult opportunity that exists in front of you? And then how we should think about the impact that has to the global growth of that nutrition business on a go forward basis.
Miles White: Id tell you, I think this is a great business and again I always think we can do better at it. And in this case, its very different dynamic. We are the adult nutrition business worldwide. And its one where - it's not about riding growth or competing with particular competitors because we're quite large I guess, I would say in the area. So we have to drive the growth and create the demand as well. And the single biggest uncreated opportunity thus far is China. And were recently launching into that arena with powder-based products and so forth. Well learn our way in here. We think we understand the dynamics of the market, but you always think you understand the dynamics of the market then the market teaches you more. In this case, weve launched. I think there's a big opportunity there. I think there's a future opportunity beyond that, beyond the powder-based business in liquids. And were prepared for that as well, but I think well go at this - I dont want to say cautiously because that's not the right term. But thoughtfully, progressively well establish our distribution, establish our brand, establish our products, establish us in the categories. The dynamics in China are different than the dynamics in the US or other countries of the world their own behaviors and practices as consumers are different and so its not like you can just take up a U.S. or European or Latin American model and apply China, you cant. But I think there is a big opportunity there and I think there is opportunity in the rest of the world to continue to grow the business. In this case, we dont measure our success so much on shares we do in so many other categories, we measure our success on real growth because our share is high and I think that a very high share and given segment you cant often too comfortable and that drive the opportunity or the market growth. I dont think our people are comfortable, I think they all understand there's a much bigger opportunity there to drive growth in this business we certainly do like that. And so for me that's a real upside for us that's on our radar screen for a lot of investment attention and as you know we've recently invested in additional plant capacity not only in China and India, but also here in the U.S. in Ohio where we built a brand-new liquid plant that is specifically dedicated to this business. And were already into phase 2 expansion there so we've got great expectations of the ability this business to drive growth in the future both here and in the areas overseas.
David Roman: Okay and maybe lastly for you or Tom, even if you don't monetize the Mylan shares that you'll receive still be sitting on a pretty big chunk of cash fairly under the level of interest rate still level of potentially rising and any updates on how we should think about use of capital going into next year and how you might look to offset the Mylan dilution and any headwinds that might materialize from foreign exchange in 2015.
Tom Freyman: Well, you got similar questions there, one is sort of capital allocation and the Mylan shares and then currency so let me just deal with the capital allocation first. Id say I'm probably not going to tell you right now what our intentions would be or what well do. I'd say your best proxy for that is just to simply to look at we've been good stewards and capital allocators in the past we always pay a healthy dividend, we always try to balance share repurchase, but at the end of the day we also have been investors in strategic growth opportunities and so forth and I think the best expectation is a mix of the above. Were not going to run the one side of the ship and tip. Were going to keep things relatively balanced. I think well be opportunistic about our Mylan holding. Obviously, we don't want to do anything to destabilize that holding or either company. And we think that's a pretty strong and valuable investment for us so we can afford to be Id say thoughtful about the disposition of those shares over time. Although it's not our intent to be long-term shareholders of Mylan I think that's been pretty clear. And you know I'm glad to have the capital and the challenge how to best allocated for our investors but I think, if we look at our track record historically we've been pretty good at balancing that for the range of investors we have those that rely on the income those that rely on a cash return those that rely on good strategic investments so forth so, without betraying any future direction here, and certainly time and opportunity can change here so you can expect more of the same from us and not something dramatically different in what you come to expect. With regard to currency, I note that a lot of companies that have reported in last couple of weeks a flag caution around currency around the world and you know rightly so. As you know our business is 70% international and in the continued operations now well be about 50% of emerging markets and some of those currencies have been disappointing or volatile if youre an American company and competing in dollars. And it remains a challenge for us so over the past few years we like other companies have taken quite a dent from currency and Id point out that over that time as you know the companies made tremendous strides in improving margins improving gross margins and distribution margins and unfortunately well fortunately and unfortunately we've done that because its been able to absorb a lot of the currency hit and all pricing pressure that we've experienced around the world over the last couple of years and we still manage to improve margins, but or it would be eroding the bottom line that were experiencing. So going forward I don't think any American company likes to have to keep dealing with that but for a period of time it appears to me were going to be under some exchange pressure at companies around the world and expense in the market basket mix. Over the long term, our best hedge against currency fluctuations is to have our cost basis in the markets where we serve. And what I mean by that is our production, our plans, our products we've got a matchup some of our production in a proportion with profitability of markets and in fact that means producing end markets for the market and a lot of these large emerging markets and even the smaller ones that want foreign investments or want American brands or American companies or frankly European companies they also want you to invest there to build plants and employ people et cetera in their markets and over the long haul the best hedge against currency is to have your costs where your profits are and we happen to have profits in a lot of countries of the world and so we've got to ensure that we have also thought through, how to put some of our production capacity, R&D capacity, and so forth there we cant solely be exporters from the United States or concentrated places, capital all your cost in India, and exports it to the rest of the world. You've actually got to match it up where your profits are, invest in most countries and mitigate exchange. So I think over the next three years that's something that's going to get a lot of focus from us and other multinational that are 40%, 50%, 60% international companies and businesses. And youre going to see many of us working to balance that overtime because to the extent that the kind of currency we've experienced continues, and we expect it to continue in the 2015. Id say right now, you know, I'm not ready to even start hinting about the 2015. We always start the year targeting double digits. And we always do target double digits. We always set a high bar for ourselves even in small economy. But the hardest part of predicting this is the currencies. And then we still deliver on the top of that. So I think overtime, the only real way to mitigate currency is to do as I just described. You can head short-term, but that's it short-term, and for the long-term weve got to deal with that. Because I think, if we want the growth from a participation of these markets then we've also got to shape our business to deal with the fluctuations of currencies because as you know our investors require us to get it right every quarter.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley
David Lewis: Miles I just want to come back to a strategic question here and you know and with nutrition back on track and the [receipting] in EPD you have two legs of the stool growing out in excess of the target rate you laid out for Abbott at the spin. Devices is the obvious departure which is more vascular and diabetes but one of your larger diversified peers is actually getting smaller in devices. And I guess the question is even though everyone's discussing large device consolidation, in light of the strength you have in the other two legs, and arguably better secular fundamentals in this business is why even bother getting much bigger in devices versus doing tuck in technologies for focusing on better execution?
Miles White: Well, Id say two things. First of all, Ill correct you a little bit and say I got three major businesses that are doing really well. I think diagnostics is doing well too. And I think relative to the kind of opportunities diagnostics has and how its been performing, its been a really solid performer over the last few years and has a hell of the bank of systems and new products coming. So, I think your analysis and I'd say look - and by the way I haven't told nutrition are back on track, you just did. But I keep the fire to our feet here on this performance. But, okay, lets take you description and say, the established pharmaceutical business and nutrition are trending in the right direction in terms of growth, expansion and so forth. I think diagnostics is going to be a very solid performer at least devices. And I would take that in three pieces and say, you know the diabetes cure business actually I think is doing very well. I think they've stabilized the underlining business relative to the competitive bidding dynamics of the U.S. Every major competitor took their hit there. We just launched a unique, and I say spectacular products that in Europe at this point, that I think is going to drive a whole new generation of performance there that were excited about. So I think in terms of things that we would do for our diabetes care business, we're pretty happy with how that's progressing at this point. In our medical optics business, its best-performing division in the company right now, which is ironic because as you know for a couple of years after we acquired it, we kept reporting disappointing performance to you, and of course you all really challenge us on that. But that business is performing well, taking share in its business. It's had a great run here of new product delivery and continues to. So, I like what I see and medical devices out of those two businesses at this point, good innovation, good R&D productivity, good commercial execution, good expansion, good platform, I just can't say enough good about it. That leaves vascular and vascular has got challenges, which I already talked about. So, thats the one part of our release where youd say I am disappointed in the trajectory of disappointed in what I see in terms of performance. And we know that. I mean, nobody is going to be surprised to hear me say that over the phone. So, you can look at it any number of ways, you can say, well that's not very good any more. Well just do something with that or shrink or just get rid of it or whatever. And I don't want to think that's necessary. I think right now our issue isn't - you can say the market is slower. All markets are slower. All markets are slower. There's no question about that. First issue here is our performance, our strategy, our execution, how were doing our business in these markets. And relative to our competitors, I don't think you abandon commitment to our investments in the business because of your own execution I think you go picture execution. And in our case, that's what I'm going to focus on. Do I think there's still a lot of opportunity in medical devices? I do. I think there is opportunity there are some segments of medical devices that are attractive to us and some that are not. There's some that we would not choose to be in and having chosen to be in, and there are some that we would choose to be in. And I'd say that ebbs and flows, it's not clear given point in time, whats going to evolve, whats going to develop. Id say we all know that the easy part of it with a big tailwind of innovation funded by government reimbursements and so forth, that's not as easy anymore. Now you've really got to compete, and you've really got to be innovative, and you've really got to be better at it in your competition and you got to put a value proposition on the table with a product somebody wants and is willing to pay for it. So I think right now my focus on the device business is both fixing the base of that particular business as I described, and looking at where we would selectively choose to invest or expand I think one of the benefits of being large and diverse as we are is that we can afford to absorb occasional poor performance or economic downturn or whatever the case maybe and fix the business or improve its performance but we can afford to be patient about what new opportunities may come along and where we want to invest. There've been a number of transactions that we've done over time to build the company that have been from a timing standpoint opportunistic. We track those businesses and those segments for a long period of time and when an opportunity presented itself that fit and it was economically good for us and our investors then we pounced on it. And I think in this case some dimensions of the future of the device business require some patience here because the markets as you know aren't as favorable as they could be and it's not clear when that will change and it's not clear where the new opportunities in some of the areas of devices will be attractive. But I think for the long-term and especially in some out of the U.S. geographies and so forth there is still a lot of opportunities here so Im not ready to throw the challenge and miss it all.
David Lewis: And Miles just to follow-up on something you mentioned on nutrition, U.S. adult very very strong, your pediatric maybe little less so. Is pediatric the business that youd like to see greater improvement and what steps need to be taken to do that?
Miles White: I'm not sure I understood the question there.
David Lewis: Just in terms of nutrition, we had all U.S. adult very strong and in pediatric maybe not as strong as we expected and given your comments on nutrition back on track but not quite where you wanted I wonder its the area of improvement is that more in pediatric than this is in adult and what specifically has to happen in pediatric nutrition to improve that performance.?
Miles White: Yes, okay. As you know, over the last 3-4 years there has been some largely there that impacted the pediatric nutrition business usually in China. And the recall that we had over a year ago clearly affected the business in China and several other countries. And when that happens to the pediatric business it typically takes a year or more to recover. And you might note that one of our competitors who was impacted more than we were by that particular recall has not recovered and we have. So, I think first thing I'd say is our team in China and Saudi Arabia and other places, Vietnam theyve done a wonderful job recovering not only share they had in the market but performance trajectory, brand confidence with the consumer et cetera and were seeing that now. While we completely there were close that cost a years worth of growth and base and so forth to those countries. We're in a good trajectory in China a lot of new product launches are going on right now that are driving us I think very nicely, I'm not sure were going to be satisfied and let ourselves to be satisfied in pediatric business in China until we've taken incremental share over and above where we were when the recall happened but were on a good trajectory there and I think the team is doing well at that. Weve a launched a lot of new products around the world country by country over the last three years, our R&D productivity in the nutrition business has been exceptional, tops in the company and then put a lot of new products into the marketplace and it's our own commercial execution that needs to make those products successful in those markets. So I'd say, we're in so many countries that the opportunity from a pediatric standpoint is really strong, really good, and driven by good demographic circumstances in those countries and economic development circumstances. So Im pleased with all of that. As I turn to the U.S., the U.S. has always been Abbott competition there's no tailwind of growth for the pediatric business in the United States, this is hand-to-hand combat. That's primarily Mead Johnson. And theyre to be respected for medical competitor and they make us better and hopefully we make them better I think they're a very strong competitor with both relatively equivalent share in the United States and we just slug it out every day and I think that puts a lot of pressure on both companies to be innovative, to perform well, to always be looking at new ways to reach the consumer. And the medical community and in our case I think we've done really well. I think that our share growth, our share gain in various segments of the business has been excellent and if you asked me if I'm satisfied I'm never satisfied. I always want us to do better than we've done and I think the attention that we give that business is warranted and we've got a lot of attention on that business. Because I think it can do even better than it has I think we've got really good management team there and I think the opportunity and the upside for us is good. It's not a market driven growth, its a competition driven growth we have to compete. And I tell the people in the company that if you really want to see head-to-head competition and understand what competition looks like in a business whether the pediatric nutrition business because in every country of the world it is head-to-head with our competitors. And I think we've done really well there from share standpoint and gross standpoint to access that market so that gets a lot of attention and focus for us. Its a profitable business, it generates strong cash flow. I like everything about it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Good morning, thanks for taking the question, so just one multi-part question for me just starting with the Mylan deal. I think when you announced the deal you said it would be $0.22 diluted any update from the new terms? And how should we think about EPS growth off of the 2014 base with the Mylan dilution and the CFR accretion? And just lastly on the same theme, I think Miles in the past you said that you tried to make up any delusion from M&A. Is that still the case following the Mylan deal? Thank you.
Miles White: Going down the list, no change at all in our --
Thomas Freyman: Just to be clear thats comps.
Miles White: No change at all on our forecast of 2015 impact of the divestiture of the developed markets business for EPD to the Mylan. That stays at the $0.22. We estimated that in July. CFR, the way to think about that is we indicated that would add $0.07 to any baseline, you would develop in 2015. And the third question was, was what Larry?
Larry Biegelsen: I think in the past you and Miles, I think it's Miles, I think I've heard say that you would try to make up any dilution from the M&A, is that still the case here?
Thomas Freyman: I mean I dont know if thats quite the right way to phrase to I mean. We are very sensitive to dilution and I think if you go back and the many deals weve done in the last several years, investors have not been impacted by dilution on any deal and so our efforts have always been that if there is some modest impact of the business that we find the way to manage through that without impacting investors. And I think thats the way to approach it and thats definitely in our history and I continue to be way we think about deals going forward.
Miles White: You know, Larry, I would just add to it. There is $0.22 on this divestiture of this business and thats - its chunk of make up now obviously our EPS well figured in that, but that all chunk of makeup. CFR will offset fair amount of that. And then I would only point out that to the question earlier, we arent constrained with capital in terms of opportunities. But we want to be opportunistic in terms of any opportunities that we had with the company, so I dont want to just rush out and youre not suggesting this I understand. But obviously deploy capital is simply replace EPS and in long-term I am always looking to build EPS and grow the Company. So we clearly with not only the continuing cash we earn and accumulate, but as the Mylan proceeds and so forth have tremendous flexibility for M&A and kind of without constraint. The only thing that constrains us is opportunities and fit of those opportunities and so on. So I think to the degree that they are investors who look at the net lets call it dilution from the sale of scaffold product business in the developed markets to Mylan, I would say be patient, you cant offset that or fix that in a few weeks, but longer term obviously our motive is to grow and improve the company. And I just cant predict the timing of that, but I can certainly figure all the possibility in the all deal is.
Thomas Freyman: And Larry, Ill just add one more thing to what Miles said and the way I entered the question. Obviously, Miles just pointed in the near term we will have - we wont have the earning of that particular business, but as we talked about that in July and as you saw on this quarter and this first quarter reported continuing operation, you saw significantly enhanced top line growth rate, a better bottom line growth rate and that obviously investors like that message when we deliver in July and thats when we shouldnt lose as we move into 2015.
Operator: Our final question today is from Rick Wise from Stifel Nicolaus.
Rick Wise: Thanks. Morning Miles, hi Tom. Miles you've approach this in multiple ways but I'd sort of like to ask you more directly when I think about the last year or so you've done an amazing amount of operational and portfolio reshaping. I mean clearly it seems like vascular is something that you're going to be paying more attention to. But if you list the top three priorities for your attention here where are you focused and you know operationally and portfolio perspective now that you've addressed so many of the major challenges?
Miles White: I am focused on vascular and I am focused on devices. I think, you think about where you spend your time its not like you run the one thing and only spend your time there. I mean they all got a lot of time and attention from all of us, but we know very clearly where were headed and what we want to execute. What we have to do in almost every business here where we dont seem to be executing or defining that future as well is clearly in the vascular business and I think its not even devices its the vascular business and we can think of the vascular business as vascular we can think of it more broadly as medical devices exclusive of optics and probably just care center for minute and Id say that particular leg has both fix it dimension to it and an expansion of future strategy dimension to it and its capital so thats something thats going to get a lot of attention from all of us and more or so I mean I would say we believe we have been paying sufficient attention to all the things necessary in that business but clearly it shows in the performance right now but thats not sufficient and weve got to take through this a lot more thoroughly. And I think thinking from a standpoint of being more successful we just got to be a lot more successful not only in the current business but in the future. So, I guess if you said where is the majority of my worry time spent or my focus time or strategy time or whatever its with my folks in the vascular business now.
Rick Wise: Got you. And just to last operational questions. If you could talk a bit more about China are you back to normal in China? And do you think the new plant distribution from Tera, the new products had we think about growth and share there you know over the next year or two? It seems like there could be it could be quite extraordinary. And just last briefly remind us on the flash FreeStyle, how big the opportunity is, I know the market is huge, how big an opportunity how big a product could this be? And remind us about the US approval and launch times thanks so much?
Miles White: Okay, with - China yes, I think were back to where we were or we ahead of where were, we made up for the last year no but were back to where we were in my view. And with regard to prospects in China going forward Id say the sort of the near term and the long term, the near term is often a bumpy ride in China and that can be because of local conditions, it can be economy, it can be the government, it can be the unexpected recall it can be anything, China is a bumpy ride and yes, its a very attractive long term market so we made long term commitments and investments and have a long term strategy there including the ownership and development of our own dairies and own milk supply inside the country and I think that is unique among multinationals at this point. Weve ensured our own supply and our own access to ingredients at a very high quality level et cetera and I think for the long term that makes a big difference were very very well positioned. So, I think the prospects in China are very good for the long term in spite of the fact that its an occasionally bumpy ride okay and I think the underlying potential dynamics are all very strong and very good, its a very competitive place, its a different place to do business. But I can say that about any market around the world and I know people say it would they tend to lump emerging markets together like theyre all the same, theyre not the same and theyre no two thats same and yes, they represent tremendous growth and I think China does in particular. Now in our case, Id say were pretty spread across a lot of foreign markets and emerging markets around the world because we dont want to be over dependent on just China, just India, just Russia, just Brazil et cetera. So as you know with our CFR transaction, CFR doesnt happen to be substantial in Brazil or Mexico or very large market its in a log of next level markets medium size et cetera where there is tremendous opportunities. In our case we dont risk to over index necessarily just in China or India now when - market we want to be very successful in it so with the largest healthcare company, largest pharmaceutical company in India and I like that position but at the same time our share is at a point where there is still tremendous growth opportunity ahead of us we just dont want to be over dependent on any one market and while China is a tremendous growth opportunity so its the rest of the world. With regard to Libre which is the flash glucose product just reference I dont know what I can tell you about the potential is to be honest I think were going on at the beginning here with I think modest financial expectations but aggressive marketing intent, were going at this a different way, I dont want to be overly reliance on reimbursement because I think this product has tremendous consumer or user appeal for the insulin dependent diabetic and I think the experience for that particular patient or user is so superior to whats available today or what they can do today that I think our challenge is to establish the value proposition and the product and its benefits and its use and its experience to that patient group. And if we do that well then it wont as dependent on get keeping your hurdles of government reimbursement et cetera although it may be well enhanced by that at some point but were trying to go about it more from a consumer approach perspective and go direct to the patient with this and to the extent that all regulatory circumstances allow. So, I think thats got great potential opportunity I dont know how to put a dollar value on that yet so Im reluctant to kind of Forecast one. Our team in diabetes care knows that almost any number they give me wont meet my expectations and I think thats kind of how we live it internally right now its not clear that can completely project what the uptick will be or how fast but were very pleased by initial reactions of consumers and professionals and physicians and so forth. And I think after weve had some months of experience well be better able to put some numbers around what we expect here in terms of continuing trajectories, expansion share gain et cetera in the biggest user group there is which is insulin dependent diabetic and the frequent tester. So I think thats the best I can tell you about that at this point, right now we got an awful lot of expectation and hope and were not overly focused on meeting particular numbers because right now the numbers are small of course because thats the initial launch phase but its launched in 7 new countries and thats going to be pretty good test for us.
Brian Yoor: Okay, thank you operator and thank you for all of your questions. And that concludes Abbotts conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 AM Central Time today on Abbotts Investor Relations Web site at www.abbottinvestor.com and after 11:00 AM Central Time via telephone at 203-369-0489 pass code 2343. The audio replay will be available until 04:00 PM Central Time on Wednesday, November 05th. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you and this does conclude todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbotts Second Quarter 2014 Earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question and answer portion of this call. During the question and answer session, you will be able to ask your question by pressing the star, one key on your touchtone phone. Should you become disconnected throughout this conference call, please dial 1-773-799-3472 and reference the Abbott earnings call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question and answer session, the entire call, including the question and answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbotts express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Brian Yoor, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Brian Yoor: Okay, good morning and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President  Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2014. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbotts operations are discussed in Item 1(a), Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. Note that any sales or earnings per share guidance provided today on the call will continue to include the developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business in our forecasts. Tom will discuss in more detail how we expect to report the results of this big business beginning with the third quarter. In todays conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings new release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay, thanks Brian. Good morning. This morning we reported second quarter ongoing earnings per share of $0.54, above our guidance range and representing growth of 17%. As expected, sales increased 3% on an operational basis. This was a sequential improvement from the first quarter and we are on track to accelerate sales growth in the second half of the year. We are ahead of our expectations through the first half of this year and we are raising our full-year 2014 ongoing earnings per share guidance to $2.19 to $2.29 from $2.16 to $2.26. At the same time, were actively shaping Abbott for durable, long-term growth. Part of our growth strategy is to build critical mass and leadership positions in key emerging geographies across our diverse portfolio. In diagnostics, we were early to establish our presence in the geographies of China, Russia and Brazil. In devices, we have significant opportunity in the cataract lens and diabetes markets given demographic trends, as well as in our vascular business with innovative devices such as Absorb. In established pharmaceuticals and nutrition where we already have large and growing businesses in emerging geographies, weve taken a series of steps over the last few months to further shape these businesses for the long term. As I discussed on our conference call on Monday in our branded generics pharmaceuticals business, the recent acquisitions of CFR Pharmaceuticals in Latin America and Veropharm in Russia, as well as the sale of our developed markets business to Mylan, accelerate our strategic intent to drive balanced and sustainable growth in emerging geographies. The net proceeds from the sales of Mylans shares over time provide us with a number of choices and possibilities to pursue opportunities that continue to build Abbott for higher growth. Following the close of these transactions, our established pharmaceuticals business will operate entirely in emerging geographies where the growth of branded generics are driven by favorable demographics, including growing healthcare systems and a customer base that largely pays out of pocket for high quality, trusted brands. Abbott will hold leading positions in many of the largest and fastest growing pharmaceutical markets for branded generics in the world, including India, Russia and Latin America. In nutrition, were similarly building this business for sustainable growth by continuing to invest in our global infrastructure, including our supply chain. Last week, we announced a strategic alliance with Fonterra to develop a diary farm hub in China to invest locally in Chinas milk supply. Fonterra is the worlds largest dairy cooperative and has been a supplier to Abbott for many years. This strategic alliance leverages Fonterras expertise in dairy nutrition and farming and Abbotts continued commitment to business development in China to ultimately help meet the growing demand for high quality dairy ingredients in China. This strategic alliance is the latest in a series of investments weve made to build our local presence and capabilities in China over the last decade, which includes our R&D center in Shanghai and the opening last month of our nutrition manufacturing plant in Jiaxing. A stronger footprint in country will allow us to be closer to our customers and work faster to create and customize new products for their needs. Our new plant is one of the most technologically advanced nutrition plants in the world and will manufacture high quality nutrition products for Chinese consumers, including a new infant formula brand that were launching now, called Similac Chintea (ph). This new product launch is one of several in both our adult and pediatric nutrition businesses across numerous geographies this year. The transactions weve announced over the last several weeks proactively build and shape Abbott in emerging geographies. At the same time, were executing on the substantial organic growth opportunities across our company. Ill briefly review our second quarter results, and Ill start with nutrition where we anticipate returning to double-digit sales growth in the second half of this year as this business anniversaries or laps the sales disruption in international nutrition and launches new products. Our innovations bring advanced nutrition to meet the needs of our customers, drive share expansion, and grow the market. Well open three new manufacturing facilities in total this year to support the strong global near and long-term demand for adult and pediatric nutrition. Two weeks following the launch of our China plant, we opened our new state-of-the-art aseptic liquid plant in Ohio and we expect to open our manufacturing operations in India in the second half of this year. In diagnostics, sales growth was driven by continued above-market performance in core laboratory diagnostics, including double-digit growth in the U.S. Were funding investments in growth and advancing multiple new system platforms across core laboratory, molecular, and point of care that will launch over the next few years. In medical devices, we continued to launch differentiated new products to capture share. In vascular, were continuing to see market adoption of our breakthrough structural heart technology, MitraClip, as well as our new peripheral stent, Supera. Both our structural heart and endovascular businesses increased double digits globally this quarter, and in our drug eluting portfolio were driving increased penetration of Absorb in Europe and several key emerging geographies as we work to bring it to the U.S., Japan and China, which represent more than 50% of the worlds coronary stent market. In diabetes care, performance was in line with our expectations and were on track to receive CE Mark in the second half of this year for our next generation sensing technology, called Freestyle Libre. In vision care, above market growth of our cataract lens business drove another quarter of double-digit sales growth. We expect double-digit sales growth for the full year with continued positive momentum from new products. In established pharma, as we anticipated, second quarter operational sales growth improved sequentially versus the first quarter. In key emerging markets, sales increased nearly 10% driven by double-digit growth in India, Brazil and China as a result of improved commercial execution and continued expansion of product portfolios in several of our therapeutic areas of focus. We expect continued momentum in EPD in the second half of this year with improved market growth in India and the benefit of additional plant capacity to meet sales demand for key products. So in summary, were ahead of our expectations through the first half and were raising our full-year ongoing earnings per share guidance. We delivered a sequential improvement in sales growth this quarter and continue to expect accelerating sales growth in the second half of this year, and were actively shaping the company with the shareholder in mind as we build Abbott for long-term growth and healthy cash returns. Ill now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Freyman: Thanks Miles. Today we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of $0.54, exceeding our previous guidance range. Sales for the quarter increased 3% on an operational basis; that is, excluding an unfavorable impact of around 1% from foreign exchange. Reported sales increased approximately 2% in the quarter. Operational sales growth was driven by strong performance in diagnostics and vision care and improved growth in nutrition and established pharmaceuticals. Sales growth in emerging markets approached 8% on an operational basis in the quarter. Excluding the estimated impact from the previously reported sales disruption in our nutrition business last year, sales in emerging markets increased closer to 10% in the quarter. The second quarter adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.3% of sales, ahead of our previous guidance due to continued underlying improvement in diagnostics and better vascular gross margin as a result of the resolution of an intellectual property matter that lowered product costs this quarter and will continue to benefit this business going forward. In the quarter, ongoing R&D investment was 6% of sales and ongoing SG&A expense was 30.5% of sales, in line with previous expectations. Before I review our financial outlook, Id like to explain how we expect to report the results of our developed markets branded generics business going forward. As you know, we announced on Monday an agreement to sell this business to Mylan; therefore, beginning in the third quarter of this year, the sales and earnings from this business are expected to be reported as discontinued operations in our income statement. However, guidance for the third quarter and the full year 2014 that we provide today will continue to include this business in our forecasts. For the third quarter call, we will reconcile the combined results on both a GAAP and adjusted basis to the guidance were providing today. Turning to our outlook for the full year 2014, today were raising our ongoing earnings per share guidance range to $2.19 to $2.29, which reflects double-digit growth over 2013 at the midpoint of the range. We continue to forecast operational sales growth in the mid-single digits for the full year 2014. Based on current exchange rates, we expect exchange to have a negative impact of somewhat more than 1% on our full year reported sales. This would result in reported sales growth in the low to mid-single digits for the full year 2014. Brian will review the growth outlooks by business in a few minutes. We continue to forecast an ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 55% for the full year. We forecast ongoing R&D somewhat above 6% of sales and ongoing SG&A expense of around 29.5% of sales, supported by our continuing efforts to manage G&A expenses. Overall, we now project our full-year adjusted operating margin ratio to expand by approximately 100 basis points in 2014, above our previous guidance of 60 basis points of expansion. Turning to the outlook for the third quarter of 2014 were providing for the first time, were forecasting ongoing earnings per share of $0.59 to $0.61. We forecast both operational and reported sales growth in the mid-single digits, reflecting a neutral impact of foreign exchange on sales in the third quarter based on current exchange rates. We forecast an ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 55% of sales in the third quarter. We also forecast ongoing R&D around 6% of sales and ongoing SG&A expense of approximately 29% of sales in the third quarter. Id note that in 2013, we experienced a below trend tax rate in the third quarter, while in 2014 we expect the ongoing tax rate to again be around 19%. We project specified items of $0.27 in the third quarter, reflecting the same items as we identified for the full year in our earnings release. This forecast excludes specified items to be provided at a future date related to recently announced transactions. So in summary, second quarter sales growth improved sequentially over the first quarter of 2014. Were on track with our expectations for accelerated growth in the second half of the year, and were raising our full-year ongoing earnings per share guidance. With that, Ill turn it over to Brian to review the business operating highlights and outlook. Brian?
Brian Yoor: Thank you, Tom. This morning, I will review our second quarter 2014 performance and third quarter sales outlook by business. As I mentioned earlier, my comments will focus on operational sales growth. Ill first discuss our nutrition business, where global sales increased 3% in the second quarter, a sequential improvement versus the first quarter and on track for second half acceleration as we anniversary the August 2013 sales disruption in our international pediatric nutrition business. In our international pediatric nutrition business, were on track to return to double-digit sales growth in the second half of this year as we continue to recapture share in the affected markets and launch new products across several new segments and geographies. This includes Similac Chintea, a new infant formula we are currently launching into China. Its the first product to be manufactured in our new China facility and is available in our innovative reclosable packaging. In addition, to further enhance our competitiveness and capture share in the Chinese infant formula market, Abbott launched a new infant formula, Elova (ph) in the second quarter and Similar Simple Pack late last year in the online segment of the market. Sales of international pediatric nutrition increased modestly in the second quarter, impacted by the unfavorable year-over-year comparison created by the previously reported 2013 sales disruption. The impact of this event continues to decline as we recapture share, and is estimated to have reduced international pediatric sales in the quarter by approximately $40 million or 7 percentage points. We also experienced some recent government-initiated pricing changes in Vietnam and Saudi Arabia, which were managing. International adult sales increased 10% in the quarter driven by strong growth of our Ensure brand and double-digit growth in the emerging markets. This marks the fifth consecutive quarter of high single to double-digit sales growth in this business. Abbott continues to shape and grow its priority adult nutrition market as it launches several new products this year, including the recent launch of a new adult brand, Enevo, in Japan, our largest adult nutrition market outside the U.S. Enevo is a next generation follow-on product to our market leading Ensure brand. In the U.S., nutrition sales increased low single digits in the quarter driven by pediatric nutrition as Abbott remains the market leader in the non-WIC segment of the U.S. infant formula market. As we move into the second half of the year, we expect global nutrition sales to return to double-digit growth on an operational basis as this business laps the international pediatric sales disruption and executes on its strategic priorities, including launching new products, opening a new manufacturing facility in India, and expanding its full-year operating margin. In our diagnostics business, sales increased 5.5% in the quarter, including double-digit growth in emerging markets. Core laboratory diagnostic sales increased 7% as this business continues to deliver above-market performance in both developed and emerging markets. U.S. sales increased 11% as we continued to build momentum with our enterprise account commercial model to capture significant contract wins as customers select Abbott to increase their operational efficiencies. Were also broadening and differentiating our Architect Assay menu and launched a new diabetes test in the U.S. in April to address the growing prevalence of diabetes. International sales increased 6% in the quarter driven by continued growth in emerging markets. In molecular diagnostics, worldwide sales were impacted by the timing of tenders in our infectious disease business in several emerging markets. We expect improved growth in our molecular business going forward with a favorable impact from the timing of expected tender wins in the second half of this year. In point of care diagnostics, worldwide sales increased 4%, representing a sequential improvement from the first quarter as this business continues to build and expand its presence in targeted European and emerging markets, and as the U.S. market continues to stabilize. For the third quarter in global diagnostics, we are forecasting mid to high single digit operational sales growth. In medical devices, vascular sales increased low single digits in the quarter, in line with our expectations. International vascular sales increased 3.5% driven by double-digit sales growth of MitraClip and endovascular products, which includes our new peripheral stent, Supera, for the treatment of blockages in the superficial femoral artery, or SFA. In the second half of this year, we expect new products to continue to drive share expansion and sales growth, including Supera, MitraClip, and Absorb. At the same time, we continue to make good progress to bring Absorb to the U.S., China, and Japan markets over the next few years. Data presented at international medical meetings continues to reinforce strong clinical results for Absorb in a broad range of patients. In the second half of this year, we expect to present one-year results from our Absorb 2 clinical trial, which is the first randomized trial to compare Absorb to standard of care. As we look ahead to the third quarter, we expect sales in our global vascular business to be relatively flat. While we expect to continue to show sequential improvement in our base business, well also experience a difficult comparison versus the prior year third quarter when we realize the final sales true-up related to a third party agreement. In diabetes care, global sales in the second quarter decreased 10%, in line with our expectations. Outside of the United States, diabetes care is focused on driving continued growth and expects to receive European CE Mark for its new Freestyle Libre next generation sensing technology in the second half of this year. U.S. sales continue to be impacted by the carryover effect from implementation of the CMS competitive bidding program for Medicare patients in July of last year. For the third year in our global diabetes business, we forecast some moderation in the sales decline and expect a mid to high single-digit decline on an operational basis. In vision care, we achieved 12% sales growth in the second quarter, which represents the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Sales of our cataract products represent nearly 70% of our vision care business and increased strong double-digits, outpacing the growth of the global cataract market driven by market share gains of our recently launched products. These products include the Tecnis OptiBlu and the Tecnis OptiBlu preloaded lenses in Japan, and the Tecnis Toric lenses in the U.S. and Japan. In addition, the adoption of our new Catalys laser cataract system is exceeding our expectations due to strong customer interest in our technology. During the second quarter, we received European CE Mark for Tecnis Symfony extended range vision intraocular lens. Tecnis Symfony is a premium lens that provides patients with continuous range of vision, including far, intermediate and near distances, but with reduced incidence of halo and glare. For the third quarter of 2014, we expect our global vision care business to continue to grow double digits on an operational basis. Lastly, our established pharmaceuticals business, or EPB, where sales increased more than 2% in the quarter and also demonstrated a sequential improvement versus the first quarter. Sales in our key emerging markets segment increased nearly 10% driven by double-digit sales growth in India, Brazil and China. Improved market dynamics coupled with commercial execution in India, expansion of product portfolios in Brazil, and stronger growth in China, including the replenishment of a key womens health product, contributed to strong sales growth in the quarter. Sales in our developed and other market segments decreased 5% in the quarter, in line with our expectations. In the second half of the year, we expect further improvement in the sales growth rates of EPB driven by improved market growth coupled with commercial execution in India, as well as the benefit from the recent plant capacity expansion to meet demand for certain key products, including those belonging to our womens health portfolio. For the third quarter of 2014, we continue to forecast sales growth in our established pharmaceuticals business in the low single digits on an operational basis. So in summary, weve had a pretty active second quarter, executing on several transactions to further shape Abbott for the long term, and were ahead of expectations through the first half of the year, resulting in our raise today of our full-year ongoing EPS guidance. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question today is from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital.
Glenn Novarro: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Miles, I wanted to start with a question on nutritionals. Its good to see nutritionals getting back to positive growth. We tend to focus so much on pediatrics, but what caught me by surprise was the strength is adult, particularly outside the U.S., up 10%. So Im wondering if you can spend some time talking about adults  is that 10% growth sustainable, and how should we be thinking about that growth beyond this quarter, and what could be the key drivers? Thanks.
Miles White: Sure. You know, the direct answer to your question is yes, I think it is sustainable. I mean, it might go up a point, down a point  who knows?  from time to time, but the general direction at that magnitude I think is sustainable. You know, as you know, Glenn, we are the world leaders in that category in almost every country, and theres still enormous amounts of opportunity out there, given the demographics of the world not just in developed countries but also in emerging countries. Theres a big opportunity for us, I think, in China in particular, and part of our expansion in China will address that over time. Weve got a big opportunity to enter that market, build that market, create it and do in China what weve done in a lot of other countries around the world. So I think theres still a lot of opportunity. Theres always room for innovation, whether it be in the formyou know, we have a product now, Clear, in the United States thats not a milk-based product that I think will be popular with consumers, and I think that given different flavors, different forms, different packages and so forth, I think theres a lot of opportunity to expand the market and grow the market where weve already got pretty strong share. Thats an important part of our business. And youre right  the pediatric segment tends to get a lot of the attention, but I think a lot of the growth and opportunity here remains in the adult segment.
Glenn Novarro: And just as a follow-up, if Im looking at the operating margins for the nutritional business, about 20%, yet some of your peers are closer to 25%. Now that youre at 20%, is 25% the next goal?
Miles White: You know something? My management in that business will say if we reach 25, are we done? And Ill of course say no  30 would be the next goal, and if we reach 30, would 35 be the next goal. Im not sure Im ever going to be satisfied, but Id say this  were not done, and were not stopping. Theres a lot of things that go into determining what the margin is in the business and in terms of our cost to deliver. A lot of the moves that weve made in the last year with our supply chain globally, including some of the things that weve done with Fonterra with other suppliers, are aimed at lowering our cost to deliver. Some of the products that weve had manufactured by third parties, well bring in house and do ourselves. Part of our plant strategy here with not only our liquid plant in Ohio but our plant expansion in China and India is to do that. There is obviously large freight savings when you manufacture in key markets as opposed to ship from the U.S. or Europe or other locations. So theres a number of things that go into the overall cost structure, and Id say theres still plenty of room to improve our margins in this business, and the team has been very focused on that. Some of them take a little longer than others to realize because of structural or infrastructure changes in our whole supply chain system, but Id say there is more room there.
Glenn Novarro: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Weinstein from JPMC.
Mike Weinstein: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Tom, I want to spend a minute just on the operating line. If I look at the first half of the year, most of the incremental growth is coming from your work on controlling operating spending. Even if I adjust foradd back (indiscernible) down low single digits, and it looks like for the year the boost in the guidance is a function primarily of your operating spend coming in. So could you spend some time talking about where those reductions are coming from and how we should think about the trend, not just this year but going forward?
Thomas Freyman: Weve talked about this off and on over the last few quarters, Mike, and when we exited the separation, it was clear to the entire organization that our G&A levels in particular were higher than they should have been, and weve been working very hard to address that through process improvements in the back office, basic efficiencies, only providing the appropriate services to the businesses. Its been kind of a steady progress weve made on that  you know, every quarter were able to change the trend of the run rate and just been steadily chipping away at that. I wouldnt say were done  we still have a few things we want to do. Were getting more efficient in the IT areas and some of the finance and accounting areas, and evenespecially in the purchasing area where weve invested a lot of time and we think can drive savings as well. So its a very broad-based approach, Id say a very steady approach; and to your point, its really contributed to the flattening of the SG&A. What we have not been doing is tuning back on productive SG&A  you know, things that really drive sales and growth. Weve tried very hard to sustain and even increase investment in those areas while were tuning back in the other areas.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. Can I just ask about one of the businesses that has struggled, and thats the diabetes business and the impact of competitive bidding. Can you spend a little bit more time on the strategy of that business? I think everybody is aware that youre working on coming out with this novel product in Europe later this year, but more broadly than that, whats the plan for the U.S. business going forward? It is to largely run that business as a meter business and run it for cash and try and just maximize profitability?
Miles White: Mike, this is Miles. Id say for a transition period, thats probably an accurate comment. I think that business has done a great job of managing its costs and its expenses and so forth. We still have a very healthy gross margin in the business, and so its sort of tale of two businesses, and particularly in the U.S. Id say that because it remains profitable and cash generating, et cetera, youve got this older legacy circumstance of strategy market channels, products, et cetera that clearly is under pressure from competitive bidding and what CMS has done. Then youve got very new innovative products that, frankly, really matter and make a significant difference for patients, like Libre which is coming first in Europe. That, we believe, will be a significant growth driver for this business here over time, and it will come to the U.S. and it will be a global product, just like our core base business. So youve got a transition here of the core base business as we grow the more innovative future product and future forms of that product, because while its launching as a single product, theres actually a product line coming here. So I think that will continue to drive the business and have a very different proposition for the patient.
Mike Weinstein: Okay, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Josh Jennings from Cowen & Company.
Josh Jennings: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking the questions. So first, Miles, I just wanted to ask about the nutritionals business. You made some commentary in your prepared remarks about the strategic alliance with Fonterra and also opening up the new manufacturing plant in China as well. I just wanted to see if you could provide just a little bit more color on how important these two initiatives are in returning pediatric nutritionals to a sustainable higher growth trajectory, and can you also talk a little bit more about the ongoing broader strategy in China? One of the questions was on the adult opportunity there too, but just hoping to get a little bit more color.
Miles White: Okay. First of all, Id say Fonterra has been a partner and a supplier of ours for a very long time, and its no secret that a year ago they had a recall that impacted us, impacted other competitors as well, and nobody tried to have a recall, nobody tried to have a problem, but it set us back for a period in China, Saudi Arabia, Vietnam, some other countries. Out of our discussions came a number of ideas for the companies going forward. You can spend your time arguing about something nobody wanted to happen, or you can look ahead and say, where are our opportunities? The fact is China is an opportunity for us, as is the global supply chain in general because as we look at the growth prospects of both the pediatric and adult business worldwide, as I said, China is not the only growth opportunity. Theres a lot of countries out there where there is still a lot of opportunity for both companies. So we very constructively looked at what the companies could do together, and out of that came the notion of this dairy hub idea in China, which I think and they think will be very important for serving China. China is a big market and its big for pediatric nutrition, and its big for adult nutrition, I think. I mean, I think it will be  its not well established at this point, but I believe it will be. One of the key points of this business is youre a lot more economically able to serve if you are in market or close to market and responding to the desires and the needs of local consumers. We have R&D in Singapore, we have R&D in Shanghai, we have manufacturing there. We are now going to vertically integrate and supply from there in addition to the supplies we take into China and other countries from New Zealand and other milk suppliers in Europe and other places. So overall, were looking at this as a comprehensive global network of access to very high quality milk and where we process it and then how we tailor the product to given local markets. So I think while somebody wont pay a lot of attention to some of these steps with Fonterra or the plants that weve put in place today, within a few years well look back and say, boy, that was really key to do that because now were in a very strong position to immediately serve in those markets. Now further, I would tell you  and this is speaking more globally, not just specific to China  having our manufacturing in countries helps us in effect self-hedge exchange as currency fluctuates in countries around the world. Its clearly a strong commitment to the country, which helps us from a regulatory standpoint, it helps us from a cost to serve and freight standpoint. There are a number of things thatyou know, countries expect today that companies or businesses that are doing business in their country make rooted commitments in those economies, and thats what in effect were doing. I think it will put a very, very strong foundation under this nutritional business in a lot of countries around the world. China obviously is one of the largest right there with the United States in terms of size and potential, and therefore a very important one for us to commit to and make the kind of investments were making.
Josh Jennings: Great, thanks for that. And just to follow up, the ability of large corporations with breadth and scale, a product portfolio being better positioned to partner with hospitals and win contracts and gain share has received a lot of attention  we see this in the medical device industry. I know you spoke to this on the call on Monday to a degree. I just wanted to return to your strategic outlook for the medical device division  you know, with vascular, diabetes and ophtho units. Is the strategy for the divisions to build breadth and scale there, or is that enough to bolster the growth profile of the entire unit, or do you need new divisions in medical devices to compete more effectively as the healthcare delivery systems in both developed and emerged markets evolve, and just where are your priorities there strategically? Thanks a lot.
Miles White: Well, the first part of your question, Id say the answer is both  not only do we want breadth and scale, but Im open to expansions that are in new areas, provided we believe that we can add value or do better than with them than they might stand alone. So theres a delicate balance. There are timesyou know, when we acquired AMO in the ophthalmology business several years ago, a lot of people kind of raised their eyebrows and said, gee, what do you guys know about ophthalmology? You might say, well, that was an expansion into a different area  it was one that we had very carefully studied for some years. It was very intentional and its one where we believe the demographics, the economics, the future of the business is frankly very favorable for us and for that particular segment. So we made that step to expand, and I think that was a good addition for Abbott. The first couple of years of performance with that business were a little less than anybody really wanted, and right now its probably the fastest growing division in the company. So I think that there are times when adding to the company that way will make sense, and I think theres times when clearly if we can broaden our footprint, expand our position in a business, whether its diagnostics or pharmaceuticals or whatever, I think thats to our advantage  I think thats good. So we look both ways, I guess is the point. And what was the second half of your question? Did I get that?
Josh Jennings: You did. Thank you very much.
Miles White: Okay, good.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank.
Kristen Stewart: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to clarify  I know you had talked about how youre going to be reporting going forward for the third quarter with respect to the, I guess now discontinued operations, so youre going to report both, I guess? And then thinking ahead to 2014, will you have to do anything in terms of the ownership that youll have with respect to the Mylan business since its going to be a
Thomas Freyman: Well again, today the guidance weve provided is on a consistent basis with the way we started the year and continued through the first quarter, and its the combination of both the continuing operations starting in third quarter as well as the discontinued operations of the EPB established developed markets business. Well just very simply show those two pieces and reconcile it back to the guidance provided today, and I just think this is cleanest way to bridge to the new reporting. Obviously for 2015, since we will also be reporting that business as discontinued until its actuallythe deal closes early in the year, well more likely be giving guidance obviously on that basis. And what was the second part of your question, Kristen?
Kristen Stewart: I was just wondering if since there will be a 21% ownership interest, I guess, if I understand it correctly
Thomas Freyman: Yes, I mean, well be basically carrying this investment at cost, and when its sold hopefully at gains, those gains will be reflected as specified items throughout the period during which we sell it.
Kristen Stewart: Okay, perfect. Then any color just on the performance of the MitraClip program?
Miles White: MitraClip continues to progress nicely. We had a very good progression in the second quarter. We still are on track for this product to approach $200 million in sales, which would be up 50% over the prior year, and were getting better coverage in Europe, more reimbursement in Europe, and were making very good progress through the U.S. reimbursement process and we hope to have some good news on that in the second half of the year.
Kristen Stewart: And then more broadly, I guess, just on transcatheter valves, can you comment on whether you feel like you need a whole portfolio to be moreto more effectively compete within that space?
Miles White: Okay, thats one I probably wouldnt answer directly for you, even if the answer was no. You know, Ill put this in the context, Kristen, of yesterday I saw an article in the media where many buy side and sell side analysts speculated on what the next steps would be that wed be interested in, of course which was very interesting. It was interesting to know the thoughts of a lot of people, but what I almost never do is try to telegraph where we might be interested, because a lot of times thats going to affect other companies and stuff, too. So if you dont mind, Im just going to avoid that question.
Kristen Stewart: Thats totally fair. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Bedford from Raymond James.
Jason Bedford: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess just on EPD, you witnessed a pretty strong acceleration in growth from your key emerging markets, and I just wanted to get a little more detail on some of the factors that drove the acceleration in the second quarter, meaning how much was just better execution, contribution from new products, or just stronger end markets?
Brian Yoor: This is Brian. How are you doing, Jason? I think Id startyou know, first of all recall with India, which is our largest market, last year I think we all experienced a little bit of a slowdown in that market when they implemented what was called the Drug Price Control Order, so the whole industry, which is good news for us  I mean, this is our largest presence, the market has come back up into what Id say is more high single digits. It had actually reached low single digits through some of the disruption around the implementation of this control order last year. But that also with execution is serving very well for us in India, driving double digits growth. Were set up very nicely for the second half of the year as well, both from our execution as well as nice comparison in terms of that markets rebound. As I move to Brazil, that was one that was more about portfolio expansion. We had expanded out our products along the therapeutic area that we refer to as our womens health, so thats going very well. As I mentioned in China, again, execution but also coupled withrecall in the first quarter, we talked about a plant shutdown to build out capacity for one of our most successful products in the womens health arena. Thats starting to come back. It doesnt come back all at once, but I talked about seeing some benefits in the second quarter and third quarter now that that plant is online. So we expect the key emerging markets to continue to do well for the rest of the year, and when you look at this thing globally with the developed markets business, its still that nice, steady sequential improvement that we were talking about from the beginning of the year.
Jason Bedford: Okay, thats helpful. I guess just sticking with EPD, and it may be a little premature, but lingering question from Monday  from a management perspective, youre bringing on a couple new businesses, shedding another one. So my question is who is going to lead the new and refreshed EPD business? And I realize the end markets are growing a little faster here in emerging markets, but is the business going to be run any differently than it is today? Thanks.
Miles White: Well, it already is being run differently, and the management thats going to run it is already there. There were a number of changes that had been made in the last year and a half or so and some new folks brought into the company, some others moved. Id say no change anticipated in the management team, and Im sure theyll be glad to hear that; but thats already in place. Were executing against the plans we have, expanding our product lines and our depth in various therapeutic areas. Were rolling out our branding strategies in a number of these countries, and I think while its difficult when you have a whole portfolio of a lot of countries to see the specific needle move in general, we track them all pretty individually and by detail, and were seeing progress on the initiatives that we have in place. So I think the management and I both expect to see continued improvement in those countries, and I think even this year in the third and fourth quarter, so I think youll see that play out in the second half of the year here.
Jason Bedford: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ben Andrew from William Blair.
Ben Andrew: Great. Two questions for us. I guess first, can you talk about where the adult and infant nutritional businesses will sort of settle out over the next several quarters as we annualize the one-time and, you know, a bit easier comps here with all the manufacturing capacity increases, and what that does for gross margins over that window?
Brian Yoor: Once we get through the second half of the year, where again youre going to see strong double-digit growth for the nutrition business, we believe that when you weight the two businesses, which as you now were 55% pediatric, 45% adult, this should be an upper single-digit growing business. Interestingly in all the forecasts we look at, the adult is growing at roughly the equivalent rate as the pediatrics. So as Miles indicated earlier, its an extremely important business to us strategically. So once were throughas you know, with this kind of being a first half, second half story this year with the recovery, I think that upper single digit range is one that we view as sustainable for a business that has great demographics on both the pediatric and adult sides, and obviously were well invested in a broad range of more rapidly growing markets around the world with our emerging markets strategy.
Ben Andrew: Okay, and then on the diabetes side, you talked about Libre being a family of products. Can you give us some more insights into what that looks like beyond the initial flash version, and what sort of time frame we might think about as well as what the regulatory requirements may be for those products, given some of the claims youve been talking about.
Miles White: Id probably say its little premature for us to forecast that. I would only say its not a one-off product. There will be other manifestations of it, other versions of it over time. I think our first priority is to get this first one launched. I think it will be very well received and very innovative, and then it will be followed by others, other versions for various segments of the market. I think its just premature for us to comment on what that might be.
Ben Andrew: Okay. Maybe I can sneak in another one on the diagnostics side. You all have talked about kind of a handful of instrument systems coming. Obviously core labs has been great, but within molecular its just been a bit weaker. We havent seen those new platforms launched. Can you give us a bit of an update on any of those and when we might see those? Thank you.
Miles White: Theres kind of an unprecedented number of systems in development in our diagnostics business broadly defined. Theres a new family of hematology analyzers, new family for blood screening, new family for core lab immunoassay and chemistry. We also have a program underway in our molecular space. There is our Ibis system in addition to that in molecular, a second system there; and then next generation for our point of care business, so across the board literally, new systems and updated systems in development for all of these businesses. They obviously cant all launch at exactly the same time, so Id say theres sort of a, call it a three to five-year frame here where they will all sequentially roll out, God willing and everything staying on time. I think as I said, its unprecedented for that much to be done in a similar period of time, but when and as complete, Id say our diagnostics business will have the most up-to-date delivery platforms in their various spaces across the board in the industry and well be very, very well positioned.
Ben Andrew: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Holford from Jefferies.
Jeff Holford: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Ive got three questions, the first on gross margins. So youre flagging that youre going to have a drive on purchasing going forwards, and obviously youve been putting out some new manufacturing facilities, so it sounds like youve got quite some opportunity to increase gross margins going forwards, unless theres something in the mix thats going to pressure that against some of that. So maybe you can talk about opportunity for gross margin expansion maybe over a two, three-year period. Then second, just wondering if you can help
Miles White: Would you mind holding the second and third question until we answer the first? Im finding I dont remember the third by the time I get done with the second.
Jeff Holford: Sure.
Miles White: Lets answer that one first, and then well go right back into the second question. Youre right  you characterized it well. I think that our manufacturing and supply chain and distribution initiatives and so forth will in fact improve our margins across the board. Thats been the case for the last three years as well in nutrition, and I think thats primarily what were talking about here. All of the business is focused on margin improvement, and as I said, there are a number of things that will improve margins; but that has been the case. Some of that, as weve seen, has dropped into gross margin improvement in the overall company P&L. In some cases, that gross margin improvement has offset either currency fluctuation in the wrong direction, or in some cases price pressures in markets or other things from time to time. I think we call it out pretty well when it occurs where the gross margin improvement has occurred and so forth, and as you know price is part of that, and price is generally not going up in our businesses around the world. Its usually under some pressure somewhere. So that improvement in gross margin also preserves margins where we do have price pressures, and every now and then theres some country that determines its going to have a pricing action of some kind  you know, Saudi Arabia, Vietnam, others from time to time do that, and our gross margin improvements have either offset that or further added to the bottom line, and I think as we said earlier, theres opportunity here going forward and there continues to be margin expansion opportunity with it. Second question?
Jeff Holford: So the second one is really if you can help us a bit more about the base cost of developed EPD from the perspective of just thinking how much net cash will drop through for share repurchases as you dispose of the Mylan shares.
Miles White: Well first of all, theres an assumption there that I would use it all for share repurchase, which Im not. So I would just call out the fact that it gives me a lot of optionality in terms of cash disposition, but Im probably not going to tell you today what thats going to be.
Jeff Holford: Okay. The third question  and just to be clear, this is related to a wire thats come up this morning saying you may have talked with Sanofi about their mature products business. Just a little bit more general question off the back of that, do you think there is significant opportunity for you to add significant more product breadth to EPD, because in the past youve talked just about geographic bolt-ons and infilling, but obviously a transaction like that  Im not saying that you are doing it, obviously  would add significant product breadth. Would that be something that was important for the business?
Miles White: Well, Id answer that two ways. First of all, I saw the report on Sanofi, and my understanding is thats a reference to their European-based business, and we just are in the process of selling ours, so I think these are two completely different questions here. Would I be interested in broadening our emerging market portfolio? Sure. Yeah, were always interested in broadening or deepening our portfolio in our EPD business, but for us going forward, thats going to be an emerging market business and so consequently businesses that are similar products but in Europe or the U.S. would not be of interest to us.
Jeff Holford: Thats great, thank you.
Brian Yoor: Okay, well take one more question.
Operator: Our final question today is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Good morning. Miles, just a quick kind of maybe trip down memory lane for you here. As nutritionals approaches normalcy, I wonder if you can provide us some perspective 18 months post-spin. If you go back to the time of the spin, you talked about the Abbott growth story. I think you discussed upper single digit growth. As we sit here sort of 18 months later, I wonder are you getting the growth contribution from the areas you expected, and do you still think you have the access to get back to upper single digit growth here?
Miles White: I do. I think if I look at the single biggest event that was a setback for that business, it was the recall in Asia approximately a year ago in that nutrition business, which clearly impacted us in China and other countries, as I mentioned earlier. When that happens, its a year to recover because the consumer is an incredibly quality conscious consumer that once that consumer has shifted to another brand, its very difficult to regain them. That wasnt something anybody anticipated, it wasnt something anybody wanted to happen, including Fonterra; but when that happens, it does set you back a bit. I think weve recovered about as well as we could have within that year time frame. I like the progress that our team is making in China and other countries. The world is volatile. The great thing about emerging markets is they represent, I think, terrific growth. The unfortunate thing about them for businesses that measure their success every 90 days is that they can be pretty volatile, and in our case we are in a number of emerging markets, like a portfolio, which one hopes over time dampens the overall absorption of volatility, and I think it does. I think you have to kind of learn how to shape your portfolio and shape your approach to minimize volatility of markets, whether its currency driven, politically driven, whatever the case may be, and deliver that growth on a more consistent, durable basis for investors. And of course, thats our intent and thats what were trying to do. So if I look at our businesses across the board, I always think we can do better. I think were getting back to the track we want to be on with nutrition. I think were getting back to the track we want to be on with our pharmaceutical business. The pharmaceutical business, as Ive said in the past, is two very different businesses  theres the developed market business which is low growth but still attractive and profitable, and then much higher growth emerging market business. And since weve defined the company around durable growth, our emphasis and focus by strategic intent is on those emerging markets, and we think that given the scale necessary for the consolidation thats happening in those developed markets, that at least in our case, Mylan was a better home for our business than we were; otherwise, we were faced with the possibility of having to expand and consolidate still further in those markets. For us, that wasnt the same in terms of strategic intent and growth as what were trying to do in emerging markets. So I think that as two of the large businesses in the portfolio, I think they are getting back into the shape and direction and top line growth that we intend. I think as weve said, everything were doing is directed toward that. I see that evolving in emerging here. Our first quarter with EPD, as youll recall, we had a plant shut down because we were expanding the plant, so theres a number of factors at work here that I think well see play out in the third and fourth quarter here that will give our investors much more confidence in the ongoing trajectory of our pharma business. I think the nutrition business will evolve that way over time, too  I mean, its already a very strong business. Its doing well, and the infrastructure and so forth that weve put in place and the recovery that weve seen in China and other countries shows, and frankly we will have lapped it in the second half, the issue we had last year, and youll see that those growth rates are back where youd like to see them.
David Lewis: Great. Maybe just a quick follow up for Tom. Tom, your guidance for gross margin remains unchanged but it still implies that back half recovery. I guess where you sit now, what are some of the factors that give you the confidence that you can get back to that gross margin improvement in the back half of the year? In general, I feel like investors are very focused on the Abbott SG&A story and a little bit less focused on the GM story. What are some of the opportunities for Abbott, both in the back half of the year but more specifically over the next couple of years? Thank you.
Thomas Freyman: Well you know, the guidance I provided on gross margin was pretty steady really from the second quarter through the fourth quarter. You know, its a situation  and we talked about this at the very beginning of the year, it was a particularly acute exchange year on the gross margin ratio, and thats playing throughyou know, it played through in the second quarter, it was a bit of a headwind, and its playing through a little more in the third quarter. So I think on the gross margin level, pretty much all the guidance is steady the rest of the year. Certainly were going to work hard to do as well as we can in that area, but I think once weve lapped through this year of exchange challenges, well be back on the fundamentals and it is something that wed like to see some steady improvement over time, even taking into account some of the challenge Miles outlined in his earlier remarks. So I think the second half is really more of a sales acceleration story and continuing to drive down these G&A costs to ultimately deliver on the forecast.
Brian Yoor: Okay, well thank you, Operator, and thank you for all your questions. That concludes Abbotts conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 am Central time today on Abbotts Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com, and after 11:00 am Central time via telephone at 203-369-0489, pass code 3332. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 pm Central time on Wednesday, July 30. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you, and this does conclude todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-16 16:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbotts First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions) Should you become disconnected throughout this conference call, please dial 1 (773) 799-3472 and reference the Abbott earnings call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbotts written expressed permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Brian Yoor, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Brian Yoor: Thank you, [Ella] (ph), and good morning, and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions. Some statements made today maybe forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2014. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbotts operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. In todays conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which exclude the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, Brian. Good morning. This morning we reported first quarter ongoing earnings per share of $0.41 above our guidance range. Operating margin exceeded our target and sales increased modestly in the quarter in line with our expectations as Tom will discuss in more detail in a moment. We are confirming our full year 2014 ongoing earnings per share guidance which is for double-digit growth at the midpoint of the range. Going forward we continue to expect accelerating sales growth as the year progresses and double-digit ongoing earnings per share growth starting in the second quarter. We are recovering share in our international and Nutrition business. We are continuing to drive above market sales growth in Core Laboratory Diagnostics. We are launching new products to capture share in our Medical Devices business and we are on track to expand full year operating margin. Ill summarize first quarter performance before turning the call over to Tom and Brian for more detailed commentary. Diagnostics sales increased 5% in the quarter driven by continued momentum in Core Laboratory Diagnostics in both developed and emerging markets. In Molecular Diagnostics sales increased strong double digits in our core infectious disease testing segment where our best-in-class assays provide the opportunity for significant share expansion. In our Diagnostics pipeline we are investing in the development of multiple new instrument platforms that we will launch over the next several years. Our Medical Devices includes Vascular, Diabetes and Vision Care businesses. In our Vascular business, international sales representing 65% of our global business increased nearly 4% in the quarter, growth has been driven by a number of new products including our new peripheral stent Supera and our structural heart device MitraClip and in our drug-eluting stent product portfolio we are driving increased penetration of our Bioresorbable Vascular Scaffold ABSORB. In the international markets where ABSORB is approved and actively promoted, its now approaching 20% of our drug-eluting portfolio revenue. We are making significant progress to bring it to three major markets where its not yet available, the U.S., Japan and China, which represent more than 50% of the worlds coronary stent market. Weve recently completed patient enrollment in the ABSORB randomized clinical trials required for approval in these geographies. Vascular sales in the U.S. were lower in the first quarter due to trialing of a competitive drug-eluting stent, we anticipate better U.S. performance in the coming quarters as we recapture drug-eluting stent share focusing on the superior profile of XIENCE Xpedition and accelerate growth of our broad vascular portfolio including MitraClip and now Supera. Supera received U.S. FDA approval last month and expands our endovascular portfolio with the best-in-class stent technology. It treats blockages of the superficial femoral artery or SFA one of the largest and fastest growing segments in the peripheral stent market. In Diabetes Care sales were in line with our expectations. In the U.S. as weve discussed, the market has been impacted by the implementation of the CMS competitive bidding program. Our management team has navigated this environment well versus the competition remaining focused on gaining share in the more attractive market segments. Outside of the U.S. emerging market growth was strong in the quarter and we are making progress towards CE Mark in the second half of this year for our next-generation sensing technology. And in Vision Care, sales increased 10% in the quarter driven by above market growth of our cataract lens business. We expect double-digit sales growth for the full year with continued positive momentum from new products, including our TECNIS Toric Intraocular Lens in the U.S., our TECNIS OptiBlue Lens in Japan and our new Catalys laser cataract system and several additional product launches throughout this year In Established Pharmaceuticals total operational sales performance was roughly in line with our expectation, in our key emerging markets for EPD strong growth in Brazil and India was offset by a temporary decline related to an expected plant shutdown for capacity expansion purposes to meet increasing demand. At the same time, EPD leadership is making progress on initiatives to accelerate growth by further aligning its commercial strategy with the opportunities these emerging markets represent. We continue to expect better momentum in EPD in the second half of this year with improved market growth in India and the benefit of additional plant capacity to meet sales demand for key products. And over the next several years we anticipate continued improvement in EPDs growth rate as sales and emerging markets become a larger component of these business. In Nutrition, as I mentioned, we are recapturing share in our International Pediatric Nutrition business following the supplier recall initiated last August. As I discussed on our fourth quarter earnings call, we are executing on a recovery plan and regularly monitoring our progress. We remained on track to return to pre-call levels in the third quarter. In the second half of this year we are well-positioned in Nutrition for double-digit sales growth and operating margin expansion as we begin to anniversary the supplier recall. We opened three new manufacturing facilities to support strong global demand for both adult and pediatric nutrition. We continue to execute on our margin expansion initiatives and launched a number of new products into the new market segments across several key geographies. In the coming months, we'll launch new adult nutrition brand in Japan, our largest adult market outside of U.S. and over the course of the year we are launching several new pediatric nutrition products in fast-growing market segments in China and other emerging geographies. This includes a new infant formula product Eleva we launched in China just last week. These innovations bring advanced nutrition to meet the needs of our customers, drive share expansion and grow the market. So in summary, our first quarter ongoing earnings per share results were better than our expectations. We continue to expect accelerating sales growth as we progress through the year, particularly in the second half and were on track to achieving another year of double-digit earnings per share growth. I will now turn the call over to Tom and Brian. Tom?
Tom Freyman: Thanks, Miles. Today, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share for the first quarter of $0.41, above our guidance range. As we forecasted in January, first quarter sales increased modestly on an operational basis. Exchange had an unfavorable impact of 3% on sales in the quarter, also consistent with our previous estimates. As a result, reported sales declined 2.5% in the quarter. Its important to keep our first quarter sales growth in perspective. As we indicated in January, we expected modest growth before exchange as we recover from the 2013 supplier recall nutrition and work through certain sales comparison. We are right on track with the sales progression we expected in January with sales growth before exchange essentially on our planned forecast. And exchange was close to the forecast we provided as well and what should be the most challenging quarter of the year for currency. So as sales are progressing as we planned, our full year forecast for sales growth remains unchanged. First quarter adjusted gross margin ratio was 54% of sales, also in line with our guidance. Our overall spending levels in the first quarter were below forecast we provided in January. Ongoing R&D came in about $20 million below our expectations, which was simply a result of timing. We expect to fully fund our R&D initiatives over the remainder of the year. Ongoing SG&A spending was around $80 million lower than we planned. Approximately half of this was timing, which we expect to balance out over the last three quarters. The remainder reflects our continuing focus on managing down G&A costs and is available to either reinvest in the business or carry through the earnings for the year. So, as we factor first quarter ongoing EPS of $0.41 into our thinking on the full year, around half of the over delivery compared to our guidance is attributable to the timing of spending, which we expect to balance out over the remaining three quarters. Regarding our full year 2014 outlook for the P&L, we continue to forecast operational sales growth in the mid single digits. Based on current exchange rates, we expect exchange to have a negative impact of somewhat more than 1% on our full year reported sales, with most significant impact in the first half of the year. This would result in reported sales growth in the low-to-mid-single digits for the full year 2014, consistent with our forecast in January. Operational sales growth is expected to be driven by continued strong growth in Diagnostics and Vision Care and sales growth accelerations in nutrition and established pharmaceuticals. We continued to forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 55% of sales for the full year, which reflects the negative impact of around 50 basis points from foreign exchange. We also continued forecast ongoing R&D, somewhat above 6% of sales, ongoing SG&A expense of approximately 30% of sales and an expansion of our full year adjusted operating margin by approximately 60 basis points in 2014. Turning to the outlook for the second quarter, we are forecasting ongoing earnings per share of $0.50 to $0.52, reflecting double-digit growth at the midpoint of the range. We forecast operational sales growth in the low-to-mid-single digits in the second quarter. At current exchanges rates, wed expect a negative impact from exchange of approximately 1.5%, resulting in reported sales in the low single digits. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 54.5% of sales, ongoing SG&A expense of approximately 30.5% of sales and ongoing R&D expense somewhat above 6% of sales for the second quarter. We project specified items of $0.29 in the second quarter, reflecting the same items as we identified for the full year in our earnings release. As previously indicated, we expect the pace of our sales and ongoing EPS growth would accelerate throughout the year, as product launches and key initiatives ramp and as comparisons become more favorable. For the second half of 2014, we continue to forecast operational sales growth in the mid to upper single digit and steady operating margin expansion, supported by our continuing efforts to manage G&A expenses. So in summary, sales in the first quarter were in line with our expectations. We exceeded our ongoing EPS guidance and we are confirming our full year ongoing EPS guidance range of $2.16 to $2.26. As we start the year, we are well-positioned to deliver another year of double-digit earnings growth in 2014. With that, I will turn it over to Brian to review the business, operating highlights, and outlook. Brian?
Brian Yoor: Thank you, Tom. This morning, I will review our first quarter 2014 performance and second quarter sales outlook by business. As I mentioned earlier, my comments will focus on operational sales growth. Overall, our first quarter sales increased modestly and sales in emerging markets grew mid-single digits both in line with our expectations, as we work through a couple of year-over-year comparison items, one in International Nutrition and one in our Established Pharmaceuticals division. We estimate that these items impacted Abbotts year-over-year emerging market sales growth by approximately 4.5 percentage points in the quarter. I will now discuss each of our businesses. In our Diagnostics business, sales increased 5% in the first quarter, slightly ahead of our expectations. Core Laboratory Diagnostics sales increased more than 5% in the first quarter, as if that it continues to deliver above market performance in both developed and emerging markets. U.S. sales increased 11%, primarily due to several large health system customers selecting Abbotts integrated and flexible solutions to manage their testing volumes and increase operational efficiencies. International sales grew 4% in the quarter, driven by continued growth in emerging markets. We continue to broaden and differentiate our ARCHITECT assay menu and launched a new diabetes test in the U.S. in April. To address the growing prevalence of diabetes in the United States, our new test provides fast, accurate results to help laboratories manage the anticipated increase in demand for testing. This test aids physicians with diagnosing and monitoring diabetes as well as identifying people at risk for developing diabetes. In Molecular Diagnostics, worldwide sales increased 5.6% in the first quarter with international sales up 12.6%, led by continued strong growth in infectious disease testing and double-digit growth in emerging markets. In the U.S., growth of infectious disease testing, which is our largest segment, where we have best-in-class assays, was offset by the expected timing of the conclusion of a distribution agreement for a respiratory test. In Point-of-Care Diagnostics, worldwide sales increased nearly 3% with international sales growing double digits as this business had increased its focus on expanding in select European and emerging markets. In the first quarter, the U.S. business experienced somewhat slower -- somewhat longer, excuse me, purchasing cycles and reduced utilization rates in the hospitals. We started to see stabilization of U.S. order patterns in March and April and continued to focus on building momentum in international markets. For the second quarter in our global diagnostics business, we are forecasting mid-to-high single-digit operational sales growth. In Medical Devices, sales in our vascular business increased 1% in the quarter. International vascular sales increased nearly 4% driven by continued momentum of our drug-eluting stent product portfolio, including ABSORB and double-digit sales growth of MitraClip as well as our endovascular products. We expect a number of new product launches to drive improved performance over the next several quarters. As Miles mentioned, in March, we received U.S. FDA approval for our Supera peripheral stent which treats blockages in the superficial femoral artery or SFA. The global SFA market is growing at a mid-to-high single-digit pace. With the approval of Supera, Abbott now has one of the most comprehensive and competitive portfolios in the peripheral market. We are also making good progress to bring ABSORB to the United States, China and Japan over the next few years. ABSORB clinical data demonstrating positive long-term outcomes was presented at the American College of Cardiology Medical meeting. We expect to present one-year clinical result in the second half of this year from ABSORB II, which is the first randomized trial to compare ABSORB to standard of care. As we look ahead to the second quarter 2014, we expect sales in our global Vascular business to increase in the low single digits on an operational basis. In Diabetes Care, global sales in the first quarter decreased 9.5% in line with our expectations. International sales which represent approximately 65% of total Diabetes Care sells grew for the sixth consecutive quarter increasing 4%, lead by double-digit growth in the emerging market. As Miles mentioned, we are also moving our new investigational next-generation sensing technology through development and expect to receive European CE Mark in the second half of this year. In the U.S., as anticipated, sales were impacted by the carryover effect from implementation of the CMS competitive bidding program for Medicare patients in July of last year. For the second quarter in our global Diabetes business, we continue to forecast a low double-digit decline on an operational basis. In Vision Care, we achieved 10% sales growth in the first quarter above our expectations, with double-digit growth in both emerging and developed markets. Sales of our cataract products increased double digits and represents more than 65% of our Vision Care business where we are capturing market share with multiple new products. As weve discussed in the past, we continue to make good progress with the launch of several new cataract lenses in both the United States and Japan. In addition, our new Catalys laser cataract system has received very good feedback from our customers as it continues to penetrate high volume cataract centers. We expect continued double-digit performance in our Vision Care business throughout this year as we introduced more new products. This includes first quarter launches in Japan of TECNIS Toric lenses for patients with the stigmatism and TECNIS OptiBlue preloaded lens, which improves the ease of use for the cataract surgeon and enhances predictability of the procedure. For the second quarter of 2014, we expect our global Vision Care business to continue to grow double digits on an operational basis. In our Established Pharmaceuticals business or EPD, sales in the quarter decreased modestly. Sales in our developed and other market segments decreased 1.5% in the quarter. Developed markets performed largely in line with our expectations, partially offset by better than expected performance in a number of emerging markets that are included in this business segment. Sales in our key emerging market segments were relatively flat in the quarter. As we expected, year-over-year sales comparison in this business were affected by the timing of supply of key products in our womens health portfolio, primarily due to an expected plant shutdown for capacity expansion purposes. As Miles mentioned, we expect sales growth in key emerging markets to accelerate over the course of the year. For the second quarter of 2014, we are forecasting sales in our Established Pharmaceuticals business to grow in the low single digits on an operational basis. And lastly, our Nutrition business, where global sale decreased 1.7% in the first quarter, in line with our previously provided guidance. As expected, international pediatric sales were impacted by the unfavorable year-over-year comparisons created by the previously reported 2013 supplier recall. The impact of this event is estimated to have reduced international pediatric operational sales by approximately $75 million or 12 percentage points in the quarter. We are recovering share in the affected market and expect to launch a number of new products in China and other emerging markets to help drive sales growth. Late last year, we launched our Similac simple pack into the online channel in China and just this month we launched a new product Eleva that will further enhance our competitiveness in the premium segments of the Chinese and some formula market. International adult sales increased nearly 12.5 percentage points in the quarter driven by strong growth of our Ensure brand along with execution of several market development initiatives. We continue to shape and grow priority international markets and expect to launch several new products this year, including the launch of a new adult brand [Enavo] (ph) in Japan, our largest adult nutrition market outside the U.S. [Enavo] (ph) is a next-generation follow-on product for our market leading Ensure brand. In the United States, the severe winter weather did have some impact on Ensure, PediaSure and performance to nutrition brands in the retail segment. As a market leader, we partnered with retailers late in the quarter to launch demand-creation programs to boost consumer demand and are seeing positive early results. In our infant nutrition business, we recently launched Similac with OptiGRO, which contains Abbotts exclusive blend of DHA, Lutein and Vitamin E to support brain, eye and immune system development. Lastly, on a global basis, we continued to expand our manufacturing presence in nutrition to be closer to our customers and at the same time, further expand operating margin. We expect to open three new manufacturing facilities in the second quarter this year in China, India and the United States to support strong global demand for our products. And we remain on track to achieve an operating margin ratio of more than 20% sales in our nutrition business by 2015. For the second quarter, we are forecasting mid single-digit sales growth on an operational basis for our global nutrition business. So in summary, in the first quarter, sales were in line with our expectations and we delivered ongoing earnings per share of $0.41 ahead of our guidance. Moving forward, we remain on track to deliver continued margin expansion and expect sales growth acceleration in our nutrition, established pharmaceuticals and vascular businesses. We are well positioned to deliver another year of double-digit earnings growth. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is from David Roman from Goldman Sachs.
David Roman: Thank you and good morning everyone. First, I had just one strategic question and a follow-up on the financial side. Maybe Miles, you could touch, just talk a little bit more about your evolving views around capital allocation. As I sort of think about how the Abbott story has gone over the last year post the spin. I think weve sort of seen an evolution in the growth rate as it relates to the topline. And correspondingly, a sort of change in the way you thought about capital deployment with the big dividend increase last October is followed by a fairly big buyback announcement at the beginning of this year. But maybe you can sort of help frame for us, how you are thinking about using cash from here in the context of how youre seeing growth play out, because even with the buyback and dividend you still sit on a pretty healthy net cash balance and if you believe any of the analysts forecast out there, it should grow pretty meaningfully in the next several years.
Miles White: Yeah, you noticed that, did you? Thank you, David. Let me take you back a little bit at the time of the split. When we split, we split with AbbVie, the balance sheet to debt, et cetera. And we did all that proportionately with cash flow at the time and we set our dividend rate on each side proportionately as well. And so AbbVie ended up with a very healthy dividend, somewhat disproportionate to what Abbott had paid prior to that. And Abbott dividend as a percent of EPS was lower and we started out that way primarily and the combined dividend as youll recall was higher than Abbott in the past. And we started out the year, I would say, waiting to see how the split was going to progress, cash flows, et cetera. And debating the appropriate cash return, et cetera because Abbott as you know has had a long history of healthy dividend, dividend growth, et cetera and so in the fall made the decision to increase the dividend back to a percent of EPS. It was around 40% I think at the time. And thats dividend being paid now. So, we made that adjustment because I think that the identity of this investment to stock has always been both growth and cash return. And its been a very stable, reliable performer that way because of the combination of the growth and the cash return. As far as share repurchases have gone, weve been steady share repurchasers year-to-year. There have been some times when weve taken it lower, sometimes weve taken it higher and so forth because there is a limit to how much cash you want to accumulate because cash generally isnt earning much on your balance sheet these days. So we look at where our own deployment of that cash will go. And if it starts to accumulate at some level beyond, the companys good use of it, then we think about combination of either dividend or share repurchases. And thats always our thought around that. We keep our debt in a proper balance, we believe. As you note, our cash flow is strong and in no way, have we changed strategy. I think there is plenty of ammo on the balance sheet, should we see opportunities in acquisitions or licensing, or whatever deals maybe out there that can enhance or add to our business, I dont feel constrained at all by the balance sheet. So I think investors expect us to steward the assets well and if there are say excess cash or excess assets that we dont foresee an immediate use for that we can invest at a better rate, I think a return to investors is always kind of a first priority. So we have a steady policy around dividend. We have a steady policy around share repurchases. Weve had significant share repurchase earlier in the year this year and I still feel like I have got plenty of cash for M&A activity and not much constrained on borrowing capacity should something significantly larger come along, et cetera. So I would say that there has really been no change in philosophy. I do believe in a strong cash return to investors and we will keep looking at our dividend and our share buyback that way and I continue to look at M&A activity. Are you there?
David Roman: Fair to say continued balance use of cash but no necessary urgency that sort of up big M&A as we have seen elsewhere sort of in healthcare over the past couple of months?
Miles White: Well, I never feel push for M&A because of accumulation of cash. I would say M&A is driven much more strategically by opportunity that fits our business. And I think in the last couple of calls with investors, I have commented that I havent seen a lot on the radar screen and I would say during the split, there is only so much integration or disintegration activity that an organization can absorb or sustain. So during the time of the split, some of the M&A or deal activity we did was rather modest or smaller deals that we are particularly focused on our Medical Device business. And while a fair amount of the disintegration activity is ongoing in a lot of our back office areas with AbbVie. Its also coming to a conclusion here in the coming years. So without forecasting anything specific, we have always been opportunistic about a lot of different opportunities we have been interested in in different geographies. And tracking those and its possible that could kind of find its way back to the radar screen here.
David Roman: Okay. Thats helpful. Maybe just a quick financial follow-up for Tom. On the P&L understandingly, the gross margin has a lot of moving parts in their FX, you have got the plant shutdown? You did mention in your prepared remarks a tight G&A control and focus on that line. Could you give us maybe some senses to where we are sort of in the sort of self-help type or cost cutting that you can do to help improve the margin profile here?
Tom Freyman: Certainly, we factored some of that into our original plan, we worked hard last year to identify areas of efficiency and I would say, we made some initial steps when we put the plan together and as you know, in the second half of the year in our forecast, the SG&A ratio gets better and thats due in part to some of those initiatives starting to benefit the P&L. But I think we have created a culture here and people understand what we are trying to do in terms of focusing on this G&A area. I think a little bit of what we saw in the first quarter is that playing out and people are really working hard at it. I would say, perhaps, we are a little bit ahead of what we would have thought when we put the plan together. So we are building on that and its something that we are going to continue to build on during the year and certainly as we roll into 2015.
David Roman: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Good morning. Maybe just a quick one here for, Miles, and one for, Tom. Miles, I think for most investors they view this first quarter as certainly the most challenging quarter of the year and yet margin and earnings were certainly better than expected? So I wonder from here, could you help us understand the margin story and momentum from here? And then related your confidence in Nutritional margin is clear, but should we be thinking about opportunities at Abbott on a segment basis, on a corporate cost basis or both?
Miles White: Okay. Yeah. Let me back up to the bigger context of the year and the quarter. As you know, because of something that happened in the second half of last year, we have got an optical challenge here, more optical than operational really, because, Nutrition recall we had in the second half of the year was significant. Exchange went disproportionately against us in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year. There is a bunch of comparative things I can tell you. But at the end of the day it makes for a tale of two halves and when you are lapping the impact of those it makes this first half look depressed than the second half look like a huge ramp and the truth is neither is true. And its really a comparison issue in a lot of cases. I would love to say, gee, but for these things, the growth rate this quarter would look like X. But the fact is thats the truth. And so the first half of the year looks one way, the second half looks another. And I would recall, Id say first of all, Id remind you when we gave our guidance, we gave double-digit guidance, which weve done every year for last seven years I think. And we come into the year knowing the first half doesnt do that, but the second half then looks like this big ramp and the optics to that have -- some people say, gee, can you really get there and I say, well yeah, its really more comparison than anything else. The underlying fundamentals of everything Im looking at looks solid to me. I dont see any trends or anything that are concerning me yet. Now that said, Im not a forecaster of exchange and last year exchange went the wrong way in the second half and not sure I could have forecasted it to the degree that it happened. But and I certainly couldnt have forecasted the recall. But in any case, one of the challenges is that, that quarter-to-quarter, look because youve got to constantly remind investors about the elements that are affecting the oddness of this comparison. And Id say the first half is trending better than I expected. We do have a number of cost and expense initiatives and I would say they are focused partly because of the separation with AbbVie, and partly focused on just greater efficiency and the shaping of our business. And they happened to be a lot of the same areas. So as you work through the separation of back office things and so forth, would that be, its the opportunity to kind of get things resized, reshaped, located in the right places and so on. Thats all going pretty well. And there is a lot of initiatives that way inside the company that are coming along. So as Tom, I think pointed out, the beat here, the $0.06 beat is partly timing because -- and Im happy about that because otherwise that optical comparison of the first half and second half does look pretty dramatic and there is a timing issue in this. Part of its in R&D. Part of its in SG&A, et, cetera. But at least the optics look a little better. And part of it is not timing, part of its real. And I know at some point, somebody is going to ask me here, gee, why didnt you raise guidance and Im waiting to see if we get to that and Im sure Mikes going to ask me pretty soon. I will explain when I get there. But the point is there is a lot of opportunity here in real cost. Weve seen a lot of improvement in our gross margins. First of all, above the discretionary spending line but I think most of you realize whether its been price pressure in Europe, or exchange itself that all that benefit of the gross margin improvements has largely offset, what otherwise would have been deteriorating margin because of exchange or pricing, et cetera and we havent deteriorated. In fact, weve improved gross margin anyway. Then on top of that -- and I think there's still quite a bit of opportunity there for us and we are well planned in going after it. On the other hand then in expense, there is good spending and they are spending that you would rather not spend too much on. And in a lot of our G&A categories, I think there's opportunity for us to spend less and be more efficient then thats real money too. And some of that will improve margins at the bottom line and some of it will allow us to spend more either in SG&A or R&D. But the fact is our SG&A spending, I think is pretty healthy as it is. We are up 31%, 32%, something like. We are at 31% or 32% as a percent of the P&L. And its a pretty healthy spend. Now, could you spend more? Ive never asked the general manager yet that if they needed money, would they take it to spend more and of course they would all take it and spend more. But I think weve got healthy spending. I think the P&L is healthy. I think that the balance is right. Weve got opportunity to improve spending and improve gross margin. And as we work through the things we're doing to improve our topline growth and our share gain and our expansion in the number of markets, I think its good for investors that they can count on a certain amount of margin expansion and profit growth, while we wait for the topline and the economies and other things to improve. So, I hope that answered your question.
David Lewis: All right. Thanks, Miles. And I think one additional question for Tom here. I think I may have missed in the commentary, Tom. But historically when you do a buyback, your buybacks were heavier in the first half than the second half. Can you just talk about the pace of the buyback in the first half of the year, how active you were in the first quarter and should we expect a historical Abbott practice of buybacks to occur here again in 14? Thank you.
Tom Freyman: Yeah. Well, as you saw in the release, our average shares were about $19 million below the prior year, which was about 1% below. We were pretty aggressive in the first quarter on the share buyback and I think David, your comment is pretty accurate. We are pretty much through the vast majority of what were going to do in that area. We like the price of the stock and we felt that it was a good time to execute. So were down about 1% on average in the quarter. But as you know, that improves after the first quarter, because we bought throughout that period, and the second and third and fourth quarters will benefit even more from the share buyback. So youre right the vast majority of it was done in the quarter.
David Lewis: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan.
Mike Weinstein: Thank you for taking the questions. And Miles Im not going to ask why you didnt raise guidance. So Im sorry I will stay that for someone else. Let me focus on the International Nutrition business, because if our math is right, if we back up the 75 million from Fonterra and you back out FX, you still got a business thats only up by 4.5%, which is kind of well below that it was growing prior to Fonterra. So, can you spend a minute on that? So, were not getting impacting on it that from backing out the 75 million from Fonterra and International Pediatric Nutrition is kind of 4.5% there.
Miles White: Yes. Im going to let Brian answer as he is dying to answer that for you, go ahead.
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Miles. So Mike, yes, Id say math, I mean, you get about 4%. I think you need to go back to Q1 and look at what we had said in Q1 last year in our Pediatric International Nutrition business. I think we grew somewhere around 21%, and historically we have been saying more, think of this business kind of sustainably performing in the mid-teens. So were up against the comparison last year which is worldwide. We launched a lot across our dollars portfolio and adjusting for that, it puts you more back up into to the double digits. So as we move forward, we are in a good position. We continue to recover in China, so we are seeing the recovery there. You see where we just launched a new product, if you will. They will help us to further compete as we segment the premium market over there. There is opportunities for there for us with our new product that I mentioned with Eleva and even more opportunity to come here as we open our plant in the second quarter, which will also provide further capabilities there as well and will also bolster our return back to our historical growth rates there. But basically, when you look at the first quarter, you do have a comparable that youre facing in Q1 where were launching a lot of tolerance across the portfolio.
Miles White: Mike, I would add to that. And I keep answering questions this way, this is not a business, its also smooth quarter to quarter, even though you think it should be. And so sometimes the comparisons are choppy in the past when we had the pharma business with us, so much attention was paid to pharma and HUMIRA and other things that people didnt really notice the choppiness of the nutrition business and factors like what Brian just highlighted had made a difference from time to time. I would say that there a couple of things are clear. The economy has definitely pressured the business some, particularly the U.S. and I think in emerging markets as well. I think we see that slower underlying market rates like everybody else does, and yet that emerging market rate is still much higher than developed markets, but weve seen that pressure. I note that a lot of companies have pointed at the harsh winter in the U.S. and so what, I dont know whether winter affected us or not. I suppose it stands to reason that it could have in the U.S. And internationally, the single biggest thing, as you know, that has affected us has been this recall and lapping it, because it affected more than one country. But that said, if you ask me, am I satisfied with the growth rates in some of these countries anyway? The answer will clearly be, no. So I think there is more potential to do better, I do. And I think we are making the right investments and the right changes and so forth to address that. A lot of our attention is currently being paid to the countries that were impacted by the recall. And I would say the teams are doing a really great job in terms of the recovery, given the dynamics of the infant formula market. We still got tremendous opportunity there and we are investing to secure that opportunity. We got tremendous opportunity in the adult nutrition in some markets where we are not present and China always is a big opportunity that way. So Im not discouraged I think at all, Im never very satisfied, but I am discouraged. I think that sometimes this business looks like 20% in the quarter and sometimes it looks like 10% or 12% or 8% or 9% or whatever and it does kind of roll in humps. But underlying I think its still very robust and strong market, all of us would benefit from little tailwind of economy, but you never take that for granted.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. Let me couple of quick follow-up. So, one, I wanted to ask just on the adult nutritional business in the U.S. Paragon announced in the quarter that they will enter that market with a store brand Ensure and you dominate that market with Ensure, you have about 70% share. Can you just talk about how you view the competitive landscape and agree to which we should be watching how this plays out with Paragon being a real competitive potentially coming in? And then just lastly, Tom, can you just spent a minute on the timing issue expenses they thought that it was so different than your guidance in January caught us all off-guard? So what surprised you that the expenses didn't occur this quarter that they slipped into later parts of the year? Thanks.
Miles White: Well, let me comment on the decision first. First of all, I would say, Paragon is a fine competitors and I admire a lot of accomplishment Paragon had in the market that they serve. That said, we've had private label competition for Ensure for sometime in the Wal-Mart which is one of our biggest distribution outlets has its own private label to compete with Ensure. So that's not new for us. And we've already had that kind of competition in these categories for a year, so whether a new entrant in the category makes a difference or not is, I guess, to be seen, it's not a new thing. Our share position with Ensure hasn't been impacted significantly by the existence of the private label competition thats already there and I think it's in the mass outlets that you would expect we have the greatest impact. So I would never like to predict how a fine competitor is going to do, but I think we're in a very strong position with our brand and our product in the way our customers view it. And now let, Tom, address your expense question.
Tom Freyman: Yeah. Mike, it was really interesting in the quarter usually the challenges is getting sales forecast accurate and as I indicated in my remarks, we were incredibly accurate on our sales forecast and right on track. Usually in the spending areas when you look across our businesses and across the functional areas, everyone forecast the rate of spending and usually when you look at the actual there are few puts and takes, and you're usually pretty close to your forecast which is very unusual this quarter that virtually every unit was under spending in the same direction and when we worked with them and talk to them about their plans and initiatives and the importance of that spending relative to achieving commercial objectives in the businesses and in terms of some of the project work in some of the other areas it was still very critical that we continue to invest in those programs despite the fact that we didn't forecast to spending as accurately as we should. So, I think, to your question, historically, we've been very good at forecasting this, so it was just a very unusual quarter and everything just kind of move the same direction and really this is spending we should be doing. We've got lots of good opportunities. And I'm just talking about the timing piece of this from my remarks. We've tons of opportunities in the new product areas and the things that we should be investing the business and will be investing over the next three quarters.
Brian Yoor: Mike, I'd say, from my part, I was also caught a little off-guard by being ahead so far in the quarter. And we have looked at it, how much of it is real timing and how much of it is real? And I think, the fact to the matter is, we went into the year with the double-digit target, our original guidance was double-digit. We did not constrain SG&A, R&D spending in the settling of those targets relative to the goals we have, the new product launches, the expansion opportunities and so forth. And frankly, I'm favorably pleased -- I am pleased that we are ahead on a number other things that we wanted to do. I think even though you didn't ask me, I want to see another quarter play to see what those underlying trends are. I still think it's early in the year to be making adjustments to expectations. But frankly it's possible. I think at the end of the second quarter we will have a pretty good feel for how things are trending for the year and into the second half. I don't really have any desire to constrain spending, but I don't have any desire to constrain what the bottom-line does either, I mean, if, even though we forecast that arrange to give us 10% growth at the midpoint of the range, that's actually low for us in terms of double-digit growth over the last seven years. Weve been higher than that in our overall growth in the last seven years every year. So I think there is a pretty good chance, some of this is sustainable. I think well see another quarter played in if we get a little boost from gradually improving economy and so forth. I feel pretty good about the second half. I feel pretty good about the profiles of the businesses. I feel good about our spending capacity. I would like to spend more, but I know thats always a trade-off with investors you like to participate to. So I think thats possible in both directions. And Im pleased that we can balance this timing a bit, but Im also pleased that I think were ahead. Id just like to see how ahead we are and what kind of sustainable basis and make sure that we are robustly funding everything we want to do.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Holford from Jefferies.
Jeff Holford: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So just on the non-cost phasing part of the EPS beat. So can you just give us a bit more color on which division about $40 million of the non-phase part of the SG&A was, just which division that was probably being focused on? And then you keep reiterating the original mid-term guidance in 2015 for nutrition of more than 20%, but that could lead investors generally think that once you get above 20% for that division, thats kind of your ceiling on margins. When do you think you will be able to update the market on what more of a real long run rate of margin performance could be in that business? Thank you.
Miles White: I never give forecast out through the following year and I dont constraint margin when I look at. I mean, actually Id say interestingly, its a rare debate that you think you got too much margin or too much margin growth. I think its a fair call. There is, our diagnostics business, for example, as you probably aware has enjoyed great improvement in gross margin over the last several years and that drops through to the bottom line in operating margin and so forth. And theres kind of a point where you would say, okay, its making enough money, lets make sure were spending enough in SG&A and R&D, which we are. And theyre in a fairly heavy investment phase in R&D because theyve got multiple systems in development, all of which remain on track and timing and so forth. And I think its somewhat unprecedented that way. But at some point you say, look we can make something too profitable, I havent had that problem. Although I think as weve noted in the improvements in diagnostics over time, theyre getting up there to first best-in-class profitability in that business. And I think nutrition has a way to go. Theres still an opportunity there. It doesnt constraint spending, there is no limit. I mean, were not operating against some limit, now would I forecast one for you because I dont have one. So I would say, were always kind of a relentlessly pushing forward in the improvement of the profiles of the business. We want to be efficient users of assets and expenses. And while there is opportunity for margin expansion, there is also no substitute for top-line growth and youve got to investigate that top-line growth, so we got to find that balance. Tom, there was a question there about the mix in the division.
Tom Freyman: Jeff, its kind of the same of the answer I provided to Mike. I mean its pretty much across the board, relatively small amounts across the various divisions, but we added it all up. Its just turned out to be a fair amount of timing in the quarter. So, no one division really stands out.
Jeff Holford: And now sort of quick follow-up on EPD if I can. Just could we expect some sort of restocking that business in Q2 with the plant manufacturing coming back on board again?
Miles White: Probably. Yeah, Brian.
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Miles. Yes, I think, Jeff, to think about that over the Q2, Q3 timeframe, as the way this works is you had inventory with the distributors, those distributors will be working off inventory to meet the end consumers demand. And likewise then we would be coming back and just working with our distributors to restore them to their ongoing normal inventory levels here in established pharma.
Jeff Holford: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Josh Jennings from Cowen.
Josh Jennings: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just first, just a follow-up on the EPD business, understanding that the reacceleration of the back half is going to be pushed by continued mix shift towards emerging markets. Can you talk this and give us an update about some of those new SKUs or new products that youre getting registrations in, in new countries that youre entering into and where were in terms of those metrics?
Brian Yoor: Yes, Josh, Ill kick this off and let, Tom or Miles add more color. Really this business is more going to be about our portfolios that we are building, not really one SKU matters, but I would say, the team is making progress, as it evaluates where it wants to be strong, for example, in womens health or in gastroenterology in spaces like this, where they have a very rigorous first to go, looking where there is might be gaps in the portfolio that they can easily augment or going through LNA. So there is a lot of activity going on there. I would expect as part of the acceleration in the second half, we will continue to see a strong growth in India. We mentioned Brazil earlier. India has returned to, I guess a more healthy market growth versus what the market saw last year, recall last year we saw this market slow as it implemented what we call this drug pricing control order, which cause a little bit of channel disruption if you will. We are coming out of that. We are seeing the market return to nice growth rates. Our growth rate is well. So that sets us up as well for some acceleration as we move through the second half in one of our largest -- our largest country if you will in the established pharmaceutical business.
Miles White: Hey, Josh. I would add to that, on the emerging market side in particular in this business, there are 14 countries or so that we put extra emphasis on and focus on and each has a plan thats very detailed about the build-out of its key therapeutic categories in that country or that market and the depth or breadth of product line within each therapeutic category and there is a plan there, thats a combination of two things in each country. First is, our internal registrations from our own creation of pipeline or existing products and second is an LNA budget for filling gaps or opportunities that they see in their country. Its the one place where we have decentralized the bit of the LNA activity into the hands of the President of that business and his staff, so that they can more rapidly go after this smaller, say, product or product line opportunities that can enhance our position in a lot of these markets. I cant give you a lot of detail or background about how thats going, because frankly, its dozens and dozens of products and opportunities in countries and so forth. But its pretty comprehensive, pretty detailed and its tracked very closely by them and its getting a lot of attention and you build it out a little bit of a time. This is not a business of blockbusters, although, ironically the product for which we shutdown the plant for expansion here in the first quarter, its a significant product for EPD, a very significant product, which is why we needed the plant expansion. And I figure if we are going to have a plant expansion or suppress a quarter, this is the one to do it when we knew it is going to be a tough comparison anyway. So its going to get that out of way. We have got some products like that that are fairly big sellers, but generally this is the base hit business, a lot of base hits and so everyone of these countries has a got plan around whole portfolio base hits to enhance this business and we are going out a lot more in the product maybe we did it first.
Josh Jennings: Thank you. And just one follow-up on the devices unit, just specifically in diabetes, with the headwinds that you are facing here in the U.S. market, youve committed on next-generations sensing technology platform? But what other strategic initiatives can you put into play to help with the risk the competitive bidding could continue and pricing could continue to be headwind in the out years, what are the strategic initiatives can you manufacture to support the diabetes unit? Thanks a lot.
Miles White: Well, I would say, this is one unit, I am actually, I am very excited about, I am studying about the innovation coming here. I think that our team there did a wonderful job segmenting this market in a way that minimized the damage we took from competitive bidding. We took hit just like everybody else did. But I think to a lesser degree, because I think we focused on segments that, frankly, we are more profitable and less vulnerable in a way than what the overall targeted competitive bidding was. Now, that said, I think, we play great defense and what is more challenge market right now. But going forward, innovation thats coming here, which we will launch in Europe late this summer is pretty significant and I think a pretty unique product that I expect will be very well-received by diabetic patients. And it hasnt had a lot of visibility yet. It will in the coming months. We keep referring to what is next-generation. But, frankly, its quite a creative product. And I think that, I think its going to have a lot of impact on the business. I have got great hopes for this. And I think that the diabetic community in particular both physicians and patients are going to think its a terrific product. So I have got some great expectations for that and I think that as that mode of testing progresses over time this is going to be a fairly good business, pretty good business for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Let me start off with M&A, Miles you made some penalizing comments earlier I think in response to David Romans question. Could you talk a little bit about, whether you focus is on technology versus geographic expansion, large versus small deals? And then I had a follow-up. Thanks.
Miles White: Yes, Larry, I am afraid all I call tell you is, yes. Yes, the answer to that is, yes. Its geographic, its -- I dont know where you define big, I mean
Larry Biegelsen: Can you hear me?
Miles White: Almost all of this, some people would consider small and we might consider big, I mean in the context of this company has seen. Some of this is really significant to us. And what were looking at is nicely enhancing to our businesses and our positions. Nothing has ever done till its done. So I think its dangerous to forecast anything in particular, but at least like whats on the menu and like what I see hear in a few places and its across a couple of our sectors. There is -- if youre looking for deals today, I think its a difficult deal market, because in some cases valuations are very high or there is not great quality in the assets in some cases. Its -- I think weve said this several years for the last 15, I mean I think the deal gets a little tougher over year. And yet, were looking in the places that can really enhance our positions, our businesses and so forth. Weve always had a pretty difficult or tough hurdle for the quality of deals. Weve had a fairly good track record that way. And I like whats on the menu right now. We will just have to see how plays out. What I am cautious about, its hard to forecast until something is done. But if I tell you there is nothing on my menu, then there is nothing on my menu. And now I cant tell you that, I cant tell you there is nothing on my menu. So I dont want to surprise you by telling there is nothing on the menu and next week I certainly had a great idea or great possibility and it wont -- it's not going be next week. But I would say couple of things coming here that would be nice additions to the business, I guess thats about all I can tell you.
Larry Biegelsen: Thats very helpful. And then just as my follow-up, the nutrition on mid single digit growth in the second quarter, is there pretty big improvement from what we saw this quarter, I think in the down 1.7%? So, can you talk or give us a little more color where you expect those improvements to come from just because thats a big part of what will drive acceleration from this quarter in the overall business? And just lastly, the added emerging growth rate this quarter, youve given us that in the past, can you give that to us this quarter? Thanks.
Brian Yoor: Let me start with the first one and then I will come back to nutrition. With respect to the emerging markets overall, if you take the couple buck for adjustments that we talk about in my scripts that refers to the plant capacity expansion affecting our Established Pharmaceuticals as well as where were at with respect to our recovery, it puts you closer in the 8% to 9% operational growth worldwide in the emerging market growth. So still very solid growth, Larry. Coming back to nutrition, I will go back to my first comment that remember Q1, first of all, we did have a lot of launches in Q1 of 13 that made for a little bit more difficult comparison as I was taking to Mike there. But secondly, our recovery is going well in China and Vietnam. And so as we move through time and we look at our ramp there, where were gaining share back in the markets, we would expect that impact to moderate as we move into quarter two, that will have a significant impact on our step-up. The other thing I would add is as we saw overall in the United States, we saw a retail environment that was quite slow, I think not only did the companies who serve retailer feel but the retailer themselves felt it. We have been out there and its a great opportunity for us as the category leader, as the market leader, as Miles mentioned, particularly in adult, and even in brands like PediaSure to work with our retailers to generate demand for the consumers through some retail activation programs and those are generating some nice early results. They are marching early into April. We will continue to watch that, but we definitely would expect a step up in the United States. I will also comment too in the United States that this was the last quarter of our getting through the transition where we were exiting the non-core, what Id call device or tubes and sets business in the United States. So that also will drive some step-up sequentially as we look at the U.S. results. So the combination of those two things Larry, the recovery, the U.S. and just continued underlying strong demand in our nutrition business worldwide, both pediatric and adult will cause us to move up to chain there as we expect.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the question.
Brian Yoor: So [Ella] (ph), we have got -- have time for one -- we're going to one more question here.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn Novarro: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. My first question for you, Miles, the back-end acceleration, a lot of it is going to be driven by nutritionals and a lot of it's going to be driven by the recovery in China. And one of the push-backs I get and one of the concerns I've been hearing is the China economy slowing. And I know Miles you're in China several times a year or so, I'm wondering if you could just take a moment and just talk about what you're seeing in the China nutritionals market and how Abbott's positioned there so that some of that concern can be (indiscernible)? I had a follow-up on the U.S. infant business.
Miles White: I suppose it's fair to say in a general sense the economy or the market in China has slowed some, but they're slowed and then they're slowed. And China is not a slow market, China is not like Europe or the U.S. or Japan or developed markets, it's by comparison a robustly growing market. The fact that its not growing double digits may disappoint some people, but I think the high single-digit growth rates in the Chinese economy are pretty attractive, and then our business opportunity on top of that pretty attractive. And I suppose it depends on which competitors you ask and how damaged we were by the recall or the dynamics that changed in the market or whatever. I see the market that's worthy of a significant investment and great opportunity, and we are gaining our share back. Growth rate is good, very good. I think if I expand that to the second half of the year, the reality here of our business is we just have the quarter that we didn't want to have, but had to have as a transition in the year because the optics and the comparison and so forth. Next quarter gets better and its still part of that first half, but I'd say the second quarter is a transitional quarter for us and second half of the year is pretty robust. There is nothing heroic that has to take place for that second half of our year to be robust. We are well ahead on our own margin initiatives, haven't seen any significant speed bumps around the sales growth rates or the fundamentals of the market. We just have the quarter we forecasted and we're ahead. In my mind, we're well ahead of where we wanted to be and we are well ahead going into Q2 and I think we're going to be well ahead going into Q3 and Q4. When we set our guidance at the beginning of the year, that dramatic difference between the first half of the year and the second half of the year had a number of people cautious about the second half of the year just like you just said. And I thought if we raised guidance here in the first quarter and raised the second half of the year even more, nobody's going to particularly think that that's credible because they're already cautious. Well, I am not cautious, I know what we're going to do, I'm pretty confident other than things I cant predict and nobody can. I'm pretty confident about our performance, and I think we'll wait and see how the second quarter goes, but I think the second quarter is a transitional one to robust second half, that then takes us a strongly into 15. And I think the underlying fundamentals of our primary geographies around the world are improving, people may be looking at China and say, gee, it's declined. I think that already happened. And at this point, particularly given the business we're in, we're not mining, we're not in other things where you can say, wow, it really slowed. We're in a segment that frankly isn't slowing, and it's just as robust it's been. And I think it's a terrific opportunity for us, which is why we're going to put a fair amount of investment there not only in China, but in the number of markets around the world.
Glenn Novarro: And the birth rate should increase next year and the years after, is that correct?
Miles White: Well, I don't know. I suppose so, I'm not counting on birth rates, I don't even get that macroeconomic about it. We're looking at it. Frankly, I'm not even counting on just a tailwind of market growth, I want share gain and I'm targeting share gain from competitors and share presence in that market, in a lot of these markets. We are measuring ourselves on share. And that translates as you might guess into fairly healthy growth but you can fill yourself with healthy growth when its the market. I want share gains. And so that on top of whatever the market may give us in terms of birth rate and so forth, I think weve got a very long-term market in China thats a very healthy robust market. And I think we had an unfortunate setback last year that it was nobodys intention to have it happen. It certainly wasnt our partners intention to have it happen but it did. And weve had great cooperation from Fonterra in resolving what happened there, and they remain an incredibly important partner to us and a valuable partner to us. And Id just say look, the two of us as companies have some great plans and thoughts for China and other market. Its an important one for us and we remain very committed to it because I think that all the growth that we forecasted in the past is there. One of the things I always caution investors about, we get so obsessed about our quarter in the United States because thats how we are. We are quarterly driven, CNBC driven economy. And our investments and progress in some of these markets, you cant measure in quarters. I know we need the feedback every quarter but to know that everything is okay and everything is on track and so forth then I would say everything is okay and everything is on track. I expect speed bumps out of the emerging markets. I dont expect not to have them. I mean, who could forecast that you will have issues with Russia and Ukraine and so forth that who could forecast as you would have devaluations in given countries. You cant forecast some of that stuff. There is always going to be that. But the long-term fundamentals of investing in a lot of these countries in their healthcare systems and their need for the products that we make are strong and thats where we are going. It may be bumpy from quarter-to-quarter. Its particularly bumpy this time in the first and second quarters because of this recall we had last year which was significant and the adjustment and exchange in the second half. But the long-term fundamentals of these markets are very strong and weve been careful to select geographies where we know those fundamentals remain sustainable and frankly, Im pretty upbeat about the rest of this year, even the second quarter. I think there is great opportunity here and I see nothing but upward ramp, probably with some speed bumps to be unpredictable but nevertheless pretty strong year ahead of us. And Im glad weve got a head start on it. We are well ahead in this quarter. Im not ready to change our guidance because I want to see another quarter play it, because its a transitional quarter for us. But second quarter call should be an interesting call.
Glenn Novarro: Thats helpful. Can I just ask also in the U.S. infant business? As that business came in softer and I think Brian on the call mentioned a little bit of weather, but is there anything else going on underlying in the U.S. infant business?
Miles White: Share is very stable. Our shares are strong, very stable. I have a hard time blaming weather on this one because babies got to eat. I cant -- I just cannot come up with a weather reason for that. I think the U.S. market has always been pressured, the pediatric market. We havent lost share. So, I have to say its probably economy phenomenon to some degree. We are not losing share to private-label or anything else. We are not losing share. So, I dont know if there is much more fundamental I can say about it other than I think the underlying fundamentals are good and it was lesser quarter than we might have liked. But I dont think it presages some long-term direction.
Tom Freyman: Yeah. Glenn, Id just clarify in Brians remarks. He was referring more to the adult segment, which as you know as to Miles point, infant is less discretionary and the adult segment is little more discretionary and while overall there was a modest impact on the company in the quarter, thats the one area where we saw little bit.
Miles White: Yeah. I think its a fair comment. The adult is more discretionary. But look, the bottom line is, the quarter was forecasted to be a very low growth quarter. Well, we met expectations. It was a low growth quarter on the topline. It didnt miss our expectations. It is what we expected. It ins and outs are a little different but you could sit here and say, there is a whole list of things, comparisons and other things that make it a low growth quarter. All right. Some of that is pretty significant and true, but at the end of the day it was a low growth quarter. I dont expect that to be some sustainable growth rate. I think this gets constantly better over time and Im glad to be ahead.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color.
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Larry. Okay. Thank you, [Ella] (ph). Thank you all for your questions or Glenn, excuse me. Thank you, [Ella] (ph). Thank you for your questions. That concludes Abbotts conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbotinvestor.com and after 11 a.m. Central Time via telephone at 203-369-0489, passcode 4223. The audio replay will be available until 4 p.m. Central Time on Wednesday, April 30th. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-22 15:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbotts Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions) This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbotts expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Brian Yoor, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Brian Yoor: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions. Some statements made today maybe forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2014. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbotts operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. In todays conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. Our commentary on sales growth refers to operational sales growth, which exclude the impact of foreign exchange unless otherwise noted. I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay, thanks Brian. Good morning. This morning, I will review our 2013 results as well as our outlook for 2014. For the full year 2013, we achieved ongoing earnings per share of $2.01 representing double-digit growth over 2012. At the same time, we returned nearly $2.5 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases and announced a substantial increase in our dividend beginning this year. Strong performance across many of our businesses and operating margin expansion enabled us to deliver on our 2013 expectations despite a few challenges. Similar to other multinationals, we were impacted by a slowdown in several emerging economies as well as by foreign currency. Abbott was also impacted by a supplier recall in the International Nutrition. As I have discussed on our previous earnings calls, we were able to offset these impacts in 2013 in part through selective cost management. At the same time, we executed on our key priorities. We achieved high single-digit sales growth in Diagnostics, vision care and Nutrition, excluding the impact of the supplier recall as well as sequential improvements in our vascular business each quarter of last year. We increased total company emerging market sales by 11%. This was driven by double-digit growth in our Diagnostics, Medical Devices and Nutrition businesses. We completed two acquisitions in medical devices that brought us important best in class technologies to expand our presence in our endovascular and Vision Care businesses. We launched numerous new products including our MitraClip Structural Heart device in the U.S. Muliple innovations in our cataract lens business. They are driving share gains and nearly 70 product launches in nutrition and we expanded our margin significantly in nutrition and diagnostics. As we move into 2014 we will continue to appropriately invest in our businesses to execute on our strategic priorities to drive long term growth. Our ongoing earnings per share of $2.16 to $2.26 calls for double digit growth at the mid-point. However in the first half of the year we will see some carry over effects from foreign exchange and the nutrition supplier recall where were making good progress to recover our share. The long term fundamentals of our business are strong and we remain committed to increasing returns to shareholders. In addition to our dividend increase were projecting an increase in share repurchase activity. Overall we expect to return more than $3 billion of cash to shareholders in 2014 which Tom will discuss in a few minutes. Moving on to our 2013 results and outlook for the business in 2014. In nutrition as expected fourth quarter sales growth increased low single digits affected by the supplier recall that was initiated in August. The additional marketing investments we made in the third and fourth quarters are supporting our recovery and were on track with our expectations to recapture our share in the effected geographies. As we look to 2014 we remain optimistic about our growth prospects in nutrition and were well positioned to achieve our strategic priorities. We will further expand global capacity with three new manufacturing facilities that will come online in the U.S., China and India this year. Demand is strong for both adult and pedantic nutrition. We will continue to see productivity from our R&D organization and expect to launch several important innovations in 2014 that will help us gain share and in adult nutrition continue to shape and grow that market. With the combined launch of new products we expect to return to high single digit operational sales growth in nutrition this year as we lap the impact from the supplier recall in the second half of 2014. This will continue to be driven by double-digit growth in emerging markets which we expect to comprise nearly half of nutritions total sales by the end of this year. And finally margin improvement which remains a key priority for this business. We expanded operating margin in our nutrition business by nearly 300 basis points in 2013 ending the year at 18.7% of sales. We expect meaningful margin expansion again this year and the business is well on track to reach it's 2015 operating margin target of more than 20% of sales. In established pharmaceuticals fully year sales increased modestly. As we have discussed macroeconomic and market pressures in certain emerging markets impacted EPD more significantly than we had anticipated at the start of last year. At the same time new commercial leadership is working to improve how we execute our branded generic strategy in both emerging markets and developed countries. As Ive said this will take time and we will be looking for improved momentum in this business heading into next year. Over the next several years we expect continued improvement in EPDs growth as sales in emerging markets become a larger component of this business. Growth rates in emerging markets have been and are expected to continue to be higher from the growth rates of the developed countries and the overall global economy and established pharmaceuticals remains well aligned with the fundamentals driving long term growth for health care and emerging markets. In our Medical Device business which includes our vascular, diabetes care and vision care businesses, sales increased 4% in the fourth quarter. In vascular in 2014 we expect continued improvement over full year 2013 driven by growth in emerging markets and the launch of multiple new products to expand our leading share positions. This includes the U.S. launch of MitraClip our first in class product for the minimally invasive treatment of mitral regurgitation which is the most common heart valve condition in the world. Combined with continued growth outside the U.S. we expect strong double digit growth of MitraClip sales in 2014. And we have the expected launch of the new peripheral stents in our endovascular portfolio and we will continue to expand share with our leading drug eluting product portfolio. We launched the XIENCE Xpedition in August in Japan and we will launch it in China this month. We will also continue to expand share of our bioresorbable vascular scaffold, ABSORB outside of the U.S. at the same time we move it through the development process in several key geographies including the U.S., Japan and China. In Vision Care, sales increased 15% in the quarter driven by accelerating growth in our cataract lens business. This business now represents more than 65% of our vision care sales and has been growing well in excess of market growth rates. We expect double-digit sales growth for this business in 2014 with continued positive momentum from new products. And this includes our TECNIS Toric lens in the U.S., our TECNIS OptiBlue lens in Japan and our new Catalys laser cataract system as well as new product launches we expect early this year. Diagnostics remains one of our most durable growth businesses consistently delivering mid to high single-digit operational sales growth for the past three years. Full year 2013 sales growth of 8% was balanced geographically with double-digit growth in emerging markets and mid-single-digit growth in developed markets. Margin expansion once again exceeded expectations for the full year increasing 300 basis points versus 2012. In 2014, we expect strong performance in Diagnostics as we continue to build momentum in core laboratory diagnostics, increased the penetration of our molecular and point-of-care businesses and expand our presence in emerging markets across all three diagnostics businesses. In our R&D pipeline, we will continue to invest in the development of several new instrument platforms across the diagnostics portfolio that we expect to launch over the next several years. These new systems add new features that are important to our customers such as speed, scalability, productivity and shorter turnaround time. So in summary, as we look to 2014, we again expect double-digit ongoing earnings per share growth. We are on track with our recovery efforts in Nutrition. We are projecting an increase in share repurchases in 2014 following a 57% increase in our dividend announced last October. And as we move into the second half of this year, we expect stronger sales in earnings growth highlighted by a reacceleration in our Nutrition business, continued durable performance in Diagnostics, strong vision care growth and another year of double-digit sales growth in emerging markets. I will now turn the call over to Tom and Brian to discuss 2013 results and the 2014 outlook in more detail. Tom?
Tom Freyman: Thanks Miles. Today, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of $0.58 in line with our previous guidance range and up more than 20% over the prior year. Sales for the quarter increased 3.3% on an operational basis that is excluding an unfavorable impact of nearly 3% from foreign exchange. As anticipated, fourth quarter sales growth was affected by the supplier recall in our International Nutrition business, which reduced operational sales growth by an estimated 1.5 percentage points in the fourth quarter. Operational sales growth was driven by high single-digit growth in Diagnostics and double-digit growth in vision care. Sales in emerging markets were up at 9% in the quarter on an operational basis. Reported sales which include the impact of exchange were up slightly in the quarter. The fourth quarter adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.4% in line with expectations and up 60 basis points versus the prior year despite a negative impact from exchange of 60 basis points. Ongoing SG&A expense was 28.5% of sales lower than expectations reflecting in part G&A expense reductions. Finally, our adjusted gross margin ratio improved by 160 basis points over the prior year in the quarter. Overall as we look at 2013, we delivered strong ongoing earnings per share growth in line with our initial guidance and up double-digits despite some challenges. We also achieved a number of financial objectives we set out a year ago. Our Diagnostics business expanded its operating margin by 300 basis points and continued to deliver strong top line growth. Our Nutrition business expanded its operating margin by nearly 300 basis points. And overall, we expanded adjusted gross operating  adjusted operating margin by more than 100 basis points. Turning to our outlook for the full year 2014, today, we issued full year ongoing earnings per share guidance of $2.16 to $2.26 reflecting double-digit growth at the midpoint of the range. Before I review our forecasts for sales and P&L line items, I would like to discuss certain factors that are impacting our forecast for 2014 and comparisons for 2013. We achieved our ongoing EPS expectation in 2013 in the face of a negative foreign exchange impacts on sales of approximately 2%. Additionally, the supplier recall in our International Nutrition business impacted EPS by an estimated $0.10 per share in the second half of the year. The effects of these two items on growth would carry into the first half of 2014. In terms of exchange, the yen began a steady decline in the first quarter of 2014 and a number of emerging market currencies similarly weakened beginning late in the second quarter. Both of these events are expected to affect reported results in the first half of 2014 but if current rates were to hold exchange impacts would normalize by the second of 2014. Over the past 12 months we have been assessing how to better align our resources and infrastructure to meet the needs of our business owing to the separation from AbbVie. As I mentioned previously we took some selected G&A expenses out in 2013 and reduced our ongoing SG&A expense ratio from 31.3% of sales in 2012 to 30.6% in 2013. In 2014 as part of our efforts to get our support structure to appropriately levels we will take further actions to reduce our expenses. We expect SG&A expense as a percentage of sales to decline by around 70 basis points in 2014. We continue to update you on these initiatives as appropriate. We project share repurchases in 2014 to exceed $2 billion above the 2013 level. Combined with the 57% increase from the dividend announced last October we plan to again return substantial cash to shareholders in 2014. In 2014 we intend on a onetime basis to repatriate about $2 billion in 2014 earnings generated outside the United States. We expect that the cash taxes due in the U.S. on this one time repatriation will be low as we plan to accelerate utilization of various long term deferred tax assets. This repatriation would result in specified charges to tax and be around $0.40 per share in 2014 of which $0.30 will be non-cash with $0.10 in cash taxes. Turning to our 2014 outlook were forecasting operational sales growth in the mid-single digits to the full year 2014. Based on current exchange rates we would expect exchange to have a negative impact of somewhat more than 1% on our full year reported sales that the most significant impact in the first half of the year. This would result in reported sales growth in the low to mid-single digits to the full year 2014. Operational sales growth is expected to be driven by continued strong growth in diagnostics, nutrition and vision care along with an improvement in the growth rate in vascular. Were also forecasting continued strong growth across our businesses in emerging markets. We expect a high single digit operational sales decline in our diabetes care business driven by reimbursement, reductions and competitive dynamics in the U.S. Brian will go into more detail on the 2014 outlook by business in a few minutes. We forecast on adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 55% for the full year 2014 which reflect a negative impact of around 90 basis points and the combination of foreign exchange and the effect of the U.S. market conditions and our U.S. Diabetes Care business partially offset by underlying improvements in nutrition, diagnostics and Vision Care. We forecast ongoing R&D somewhat about 6% of sales and ongoing SG&A of approximately 30% of sales for the full year 2014. Overall we expect to expand our full year adjusted operating margin by approximately 60 basis points in 2014. Forecast net interest expense of around $90 million, non-operating income around $10 million. Approximately $50 million of expense on the exchange gain/loss line of the P&L and ongoing tax rate of 19% for the full year of 2014. Finally I would like to review the quarterly outlook for 2014. For the first quarter were forecasting ongoing earnings per share of $0.34 to $0.36. As I discussed earlier certain amount of lease will effect sales and earnings comparisons in the first and second quarters of 2014 including the carry over effects of 2013 foreign exchange movements and the 2013 supplier recall on nutrition. We forecast modest operational sales growth in the first quarter and a current exchange rate we would expect a negative impact from exchange of approximately 3% resulting in reported sales down low single digits. We forecast an adjusted gross margin ratio approaching 54% which reflect impact in foreign exchange. The 2013 supplier recall in nutrition and competitive dynamics and diabetes care. We also forecast ongoing SG&A expense around 33.5% of sales and R&D expense approaching 7% of sales in the first quarter. For the second quarter, we are forecasting ongoing earnings per share of $0.49 to $0.51. We forecast operational sales growth in the low to mid-single-digits in the second quarter. And at current exchange rates, we would expect a negative impact on foreign exchange of approximately 1.5 percentage points. For the first and second quarter, we project specified items at $0.27 and $0.22 especially reflecting the same items as we identified for the full year in our earnings release. As previously indicated, we expect the pace of both sales and ongoing EPS growth to accelerate in the second half as comparisons become more favorable with operational sales growth in the mid to upper single-digits and steady operating margin expansion. So in summary, we delivered double-digit EPS growth in 2013 and our 2014 outlook reflects double-digit earnings growth at the midpoint of our guidance range driven by improving sales growth in a number of our businesses and expanding operating margin. And with that, I will turn it over to Brian to review the business operating highlights.
Brian Yoor: Thanks Tom. This morning, I will provide a more detailed review of our fourth quarter performance and our 2014 sales outlook. As mentioned earlier, my comments will focus on operational sales growth. I will first discuss our Nutrition business, where global sales increased 1% in the fourth quarter and were impacted as expected by the supplier recall in International Nutrition. The sales disruption is estimated to have reduced global nutritional operational sales growth by approximately $90 million or somewhat more than 5% in the quarter. Global Pediatric Nutrition sales were down 2% in the quarter, including a 3% decline in International Pediatric Nutrition. Excluding the impact of the sales disruption, International Pediatric Nutrition sales would have increased strong double-digits driven by market uptake of new product innovations. While the U.S. Pediatric sales were relatively flat in the quarter, Abbott remains the market leader in the non-WIC segment of the U.S. infant formula market and continues to drive uptake of recent innovation launches. Global Adult Nutrition sales increased 5% in the quarter with international adult sales increasing 14% driven by strong growth of our Ensure and Glucerna brands along with execution of several market development initiatives. U.S. Adult Nutrition sales were down 5% impacted by the exit from certain non-core business lines as part of our margin improvement initiative as well as higher sales in 2012 from the timing of a new product launch. We continue to focus on innovation in our global nutrition business. In 2014, we anticipate several important programs to drive share gains in Pediatric Nutrition and category expansion in Adult Nutrition, where Abbott holds the global leadership position. This includes the recent launch of Similacs Triple [ph] Pack in the online market segment in China, which brings Abbotts best-in-class packaging solution to this large and rapidly growing segment of the infant formula market. At the same time, we continued to expand our manufacturing and R&D presence to be closer to our customers. As Miles mentioned, three new manufacturing facilities will come online this year, including plants in China and India. In addition, we are investing in local R&D and recently opened a R&D center in China and broke ground on a new pilot plant in Singapore. As a result of these efforts, we expect our R&D resources based in emerging markets to grow more than 30% over the next few years. For the full year 2014, we are forecasting high single-digit sales growth on an operational basis for our Global Nutrition business. We are on track with our recovery efforts in the geographies affected by the supplier recall and forecast low double-digit operational sales growth in the International Nutrition. As Tom mentioned, we will see a first half carryover effect of the supplier recall. And for the first quarter, we are forecasting a low single-digit sales decline on an operational basis for our Global Nutrition business. In our Diagnostics business, we achieved nearly 9% sales growth in the fourth quarter, including mid-teens growth in emerging markets. Core laboratory diagnostic sales increased more than 9% in the fourth quarter driven by continued above market performance in both developed and emerging markets. This business continues to execute on its commercial strategy to deliver total solutions that are efficient, flexible and cost effective to large healthcare customers. In Molecular Diagnostics, worldwide sales increased 1% in the fourth quarter with international sales up 10% led by strong growth in infectious disease platforms and geographic expansion in emerging markets. In point of care diagnostics worldwide sales increased 14% driven by continued growth in the U.S. hospital and physician office lab segments as well as a double digit growth in emerging markets. In 2014 we expect to again deliver above market performance in global diagnostics. In core laboratory diagnostics will continue to broaden our ARCHITECT assay menu and execute on our commercial strategies in both developed and emerging markets such as China, Brazil and Russia. We also expect continued double digit growth in our infectious disease business in molecular diagnostics and continue market penetration with our point of care platform with double digit growth in emerging markets across all three businesses. At the same time we will continue development of several next generation platforms that are designed to positively impact point of [ph] care, improve service to customers, enhance laboratory productivity and reduce cost. For the full year 2014 we expect our global diagnostics business to generate mid to high single digit operational sales growth. With mid-to-high single digit growth in Core Laboratory and molecular diagnostics and double digit growth in point of care diagnostics. For the first quarter we are forecasting low to mid-single digit operational sales growth in our global diagnostics business. In our status pharmaceuticals business or EPD, sales increased in the quarter modestly. Sales growth in our key emerging market segment increased 10% in the quarter led by strong growth in Russia, China and Brazil. We continue to focus on broadening our core therapeutic area product portfolios, strengthening our commercial capabilities and implementing tailored strategies to accelerate growth in emerging markets. Sales growth in our developed and other market segment decreased 7% in the quarter and continues to be impacted by market conditions particularly in Western Europe. As we look ahead to full year 2014 for EPD we expect low single digit operational sales growth as we build momentum over the course of the year. Given that 100% of EPD sales are outside of the U.S. this business is relatively more impacted by exchange movements. But we would expect sales to be relatively flat on a reported basis. In the first quarter of 2014 were forecasting sales to be relatively flat on an operational basis which includes the timing impact from a plant shutdown to expand capacity in order to meet increasing demand for one of our key products in the emerging markets. Including the impact of foreign exchange we expect first quarter reported sales to be down mid-single digits. And lastly Medical Devices, which includes our vascular diabetes care and Vision Care businesses. Sales growth in Medical Devices increased 4% in the fourth quarter. Our vascular business achieved another quarter of sequential improvement in it's growth rates, the worldwide sales up nearly 4%. International sales increased more than 5% driven by continued momentum across key geographies of XIENCE Xpedition and ABSORB. Double digit sales growth of MitraClip and strong performance of our endovascular portfolio. The U.S. sales increased 1% in the fourth quarter. In 2014 we expect continued sales growth improvement in endovascular business driven by a number of new product launches including MitraClip. The approval and launch of a new peripheral stent in our endovascular portfolio and a continued growth of ABSORB. We continue to move ABSORB through the development process in several key geographies. Most recently we completed an enrollment in our ABSORB trial in Japan and were on track to complete enrollment in China and the U.S. in the first half of this year. For the full year 2014 we expect sales in our global vascular business to increase in the low to mid-single digits on an operational basis with low to mid-single digit growth in the first quarter. In Diabetes Care, global sales in the fourth quarter decreased 3.5% impacted by implementation of the competitive bidding program for Medicare patients. International sales which represent 60% of total diabetes care sales increased 4% in the quarter driven by strong performance in the emerging markets. For the full year 2014 we forecast a high single digit decline in global diabetes care on an operational basis. In our international diabetes care business we expect similar performance to 2013 driven by continued double digit growth in emerging markets. This will be offset by an expected decline in the U.S. impacted by reimbursement reductions and competitive dynamics resulting in a low double-digit operational sales decline for our global diabetes care business in the first half of 2014. In vision care, we achieved nearly 15% sales growth in the fourth quarter with balanced double-digit growth in both emerging and developed markets. Sales of cataract products increased strong double-digits outpacing the global cataract markets driven by the continued uptake of recently launched products. These new intraocular lenses or IOLs provide Abbott with access to large and growing segments of the cataract market where we werent previously competing. We expect continued strong growth in our vision care business this year as we continued to introduce new products. This includes the launch of new preloaded IOLs, which improved the ease-of-use for the cataract surgeons as well as the further penetration of our new Catalys laser cataract system, which is receiving very positive feedback. For the full year 2014, we forecast double-digit operational sales growth in our global vision care business with mid to high single-digit growth in the first quarter. In summary, we achieved our expectations for 2013 including double-digit ongoing earnings per share growth, a more than 100 basis point improvement in adjusted operating margin and numerous new product launches. In 2014, we are well positioned to deliver another year of double-digit ongoing earnings per share growth with accelerated growth in the second half of the year. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is from Mike Weinstein from JPMC.
Mike Weinstein: Good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Miles White: Yes.
Mike Weinstein: Okay perfect. Okay. Let me start with the combination repatriation and buyback. Tom, it looks like you are, if I am reading the press release correctly, you are repatriating $2 billion, there is going to be with a cash and non-cash costs doing so? And then we are using that to buy back stock, which are passing out the impact of repatriating from your earnings and your guidance for 2014? Is that right?
Tom Freyman: Just a few points, I dont think you can directly link the two items, but certainly what this is about Mike is monetizing assets as early as we possibly can and providing strategic flexibility from a financing perspective across the company. We are in a position here where we have these deferred tax assets that as you know typically get realized over a long period of time in future tax returns. And this is an opportunity to immediately use them to help monetize and bring back only 2014 earnings. This has nothing to do with anything in the past and provide that cash here in the U.S. for strategic flexibility and the various things we would want to use it for. So since it is one-time in nature its going to be done only on 2014 earnings and this is a one-time opportunity to monetize these deferred assets. Thats why we are handling it as a specified item in 2014.
Mike Weinstein: But you are repatriating $2 billion and you are using $2 billion to buy back stock, but you are backing out the  at least the cash impact you would think should go through the income statement?
Tom Freyman: But again, its one-time in nature, Mike. Our pattern in the past has been to reinvest our expectation as we go forward beyond 2014 is to reinvest these foreign earnings. And this is a one-time opportunity, where basically the focus is to monetize these assets as early as we possibly can and allow them to be redirected to whatever product of use whether its strategic initiatives, share buyback or whatever. And the other thing I had mentioned is in 2013, we bought back over $1.5 billion in shares though its not a  its difficult to directly link this planned action with share repurchase. But I think its a matter of just productively using these assets in the best way possible for shareholders overall and we think this is an opportunity we want to capitalize on in 2014.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. Its probably we are spending a few minutes on the first quarter guidance, because obviously there is a disconnect between the guidance in the industry. Im kind of new industry [ph] this thing was aggressive but there is still even a wider disconnect than we were modeling. So maybe spend a minute on some of the different elements here. I think were aware that if that was the headwind but you talked about couple of other items an issue where you are breaking [ph] a plant down. Maybe you can just walk through and maybe try and help us bridge (indiscernible) is that and where youre guys heading for the first part of the year?
Tom Freyman: Really Mike there are two big things are effects [ph] but obviously the nutrition supplier recall was well I mean you saw the impact on the third and fourth quarters of our 2013 results. As you know we managed through that quite well and delivered on expectations overall but that factor is tearing into the first half. As Miles mentioned were making good progress, recovering, were right on the path, we projected. But as we said from the very beginning when this occurred this is going to cause a very top first half comparison in 2014 and thats what youre seeing. You know there are at the business level other relatively smaller comparison issues but these really are the two big factors that are causing the first quarter to be tough. The last thing I would add is while you know exchange is a challenge for us in 2014 and the first half. The first quarter is particularly impacted in 2014 because as the exchange rates moved in 2013 some of those costs are an inventory as we close out 2013 and float through the P&L in the early part of the year in 2014. So the exchange impact is particularly acute in the first quarter and I think those two factors really are the main reasons for the forecast being a little bit different than what people are expecting.
Mike Weinstein: Just on the early first quarter top line growth. It sounded like you were guiding to a constant currency that would be low single digit since you were anticipating a low single digit decline in recorded revenues. Just help us with from the fourth quarter to the first quarter what gets a little bit more difficult and then I will drop. Thanks.
Miles White: It really has to do with trends in the businesses. Certainly as we talked about the growth rate in International Nutrition is being impacted by Fonterra by the recall. There are phasing as you know our established pharmaceuticals business is a business that changes from quarter-to-quarter. In the first quarter there is a plan to expand capacity for one of our key products as a result of that were, we have to shut down the plant in the quarter and that will draw down some of the sales until we can start the plant up again in the second quarter and get the growth rate going back up in that business. I would say those are the primary reasons. There is some timing effects in diagnostics as well but those were the main reasons why the first quarter is in the range that you described.
Operator: And our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Tom you gave us some help on the first quarter gross margin number. I wonder if you could help us sort of into the second quarter on gross margins or just maybe more qualitatively first half versus second half, how GMs [ph] likely trend and what are the key headwinds and tailwinds there we should think about obviously FX being one of them.
Tom Freyman: Yeah I would say there are two things going on in gross margin as we look at 2014 are pretty much what I mentioned in my remarks. Were just slightly down year-over-year and thats really currency again being challenging and the competitive dynamics we talked about in diabetes care. I think as you look out into the second quarter the pattern or the expectation for the full year could be extrapolated into our expected gross margin progress in the second quarter of the year. So those are really the two main factors, it was not what I mentioned in my remarks and I think it does mask lot of good things happening underneath in the businesses particularly in nutrition and diagnostics but also on Vision Care in terms of expanding the gross margin before some of these exchange in fact hits the businesses.
David Lewis: Okay maybe just two more quick ones. Just one for Tom and one maybe for Miles but in terms of the buyback youre very clear on how youre funding the buyback this year but Tom could you give us a sense of free cash in 14 and how we should think about funding dividends or buybacks you know either through using debt or patronization going forward.
Tom Freyman: Yeah I mean as we look at free cash flow capital expenditures and dividends. And as you know, we are stepping up the dividend in 2014. I would say in the $1.7 billion to $1.8 billion range was something we would expect. And that leaves a lot of strategic flexibility for whatever might occur or opportunities that might pop up during the year. So as you know, we had some anomalies in our cash flow in 2013 relative to the carryover effect of separation, but we should be back into that pretty strong operating cash flow level and strong free cash flow to support the strategic objectives of the business.
David Lewis: Okay. And then Miles, you made some commentary in your remarks about the going after costs and Tom talked about the leverage we are going to see in 14 I mean, the company since the spin as talked about on a per segment basis achieve very strong margins, obviously Nutritionals comes to light, but do you see further opportunities for going after corporate costs post the spin and is it likely that those type of initiatives are more ratable or is there a possibility for more decisive action? Thank you.
Miles White: Well, I think the answer  the simple answer to your question is yes, it is a focus for us not just related to the spin, but in general, related to the shape of the business. A lot of our business is outside the U.S. and so there is an opportunity to structure ourselves from a support standpoint little differently. And we definitely were addressing that. We are putting a fair amount yet. As you know, we put a lot of attention on gross margin above the line there, but we are also putting a fair amount of attention on general and administrative costs across the corporation not only at the corporate level, but in the divisions in support and overhead costs. So I do think there is opportunity there. By its very nature some of it can be more immediate, but then some of it is more ratable, because in some cases you got to replace old processes with new processes or old systems with newer ones, etcetera. So I think its a combination of both, David. Although I like to push hard for sooner rather than later, I think this is one of those areas where chronic dissatisfaction or inpatients is a good thing. And so we push on that. You are always trying to balance disruption to the organization or to the business versus the ongoing operation, but yes, there is an opportunity. We are on it. We are paying attention to it. And it is a combination of frankly both immediate and more ratable.
David Lewis: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Roman from Goldman Sachs.
David Roman: Thank you and good morning. I wanted to touch a couple of business specific dynamics and then one strategic question. I guess maybe we can start with EPD and Miles I can certainly appreciate your comments that it may take time for a new management team to get in place and affect their impact on the business, but maybe you could go into a little bit more specifics about what the path is for that franchise. So I look at the non-key emerging market segment that has been a business thats been deteriorating, I think each of the past several quarters and it doesnt  its sort of I think a little bit unclear given how this business works what exactly turns this around. So maybe you could just provide a little bit more color on what steps the new management team is taking and then how we would see those flow through into reported numbers?
Miles White: Well, I think we got two very different stories here. And as I have said in the past, youve got very much an emerging market story and a developed market story and then within those, some segmentation. I would tell you that in the emerging markets, there are many that are very attractive, some that are less so, because they may be more commodity oriented than brand oriented. We tend to be focused on the ones where its advantageous for us to be very brand-oriented and the markets are very attractive and profitable. As much as the growth rates may look modest or lacking, the profit profile of this business is quite attractive. Gross margins in this business are above 60%. Its a very well-run business. Its a very attractive profitable business. If it was an unprofitable business, it would be a whole different story, but this is actually a very attractive business. And the question is getting the segments right in terms of the attractive markets and those that are less attractive. So we put our focus on emerging markets that are sizable, where we have got critical mass and are attractive. And our main focus there is two things. One, expanding the breadth of the therapeutic categories and the product lines that we are offering and frankly improving our branding and consumer skills as an adjunct to that business, because in any given country how we reach the consumer whether through the physician on hospital or direct to the consumer and so forth does make a difference. So in the emerging markets I think thats the focus and its getting a lot of attention. Its a lot of blocking and tackling and smaller things but frankly it's working. We saw in the fourth quarter a returned double digit growth in emerging markets for EPD which is what I frankly expect. We know that some of those markets slowed last year as a function of the markets but the growth rates were still quite attractive to us relative to other geographies around the world. On the developed market side I think the single biggest difficulty that we and a lot of our competitors face is Europe and I think thats true across a lot of businesses. Our diagnostics business has weathered the economy and the actions in Europe as well but a lot of other businesses are struggling with Europe and I think thats true for us. I think it's true for our competitors. We have watched I cant say growth rates it's more like decline rates, price pressures and volume rates and so forth and I know that others have been you know hit harder than we have but nevertheless were down in these developed markets about 10% and you know so we can be up 10% and emerging markets down in the developed markets and it's sort of cancels out. I like these emerging markets to keep growing and get to be a much bigger portion but we have got very close to a 50-50 split right now where what were struggling within in developed markets with price and utilization cuts and other things is being offset by growth in emerging markets which we intend but the way we deal with those developed markets in quite different. There is fair amount of expense reduction, focus restructuring et cetera. And I know this has been one that you know we have been challenged on from time to time and previous question of Mike Weinstein you know (indiscernible) question I think on this one. I have to say it's a fair question. The emerging part of this is going quite well and the developed part it's uphill. The legacy of the business is you know a combination of businesses we have acquired well Legacy Abbott and so forth. I think if we were starting with a clean sheet of paper we target those markets that have the most attractive attributes but the fact is we have got a lot of legacy markets here in developed economies that we have been in for a long time and they continue to experience economic pressure the most fundamental of those being Europe. So we continue to look at that particular geography and that particular segment of business and deal with it differently than we deal with what we deal with is a fairly attractive growth opportunity in lot of the emerging markets.
David Roman: And maybe switching to diagnostics in the U.S. specifically, can you comment on the molecular business? I mean youve pretty strong trends in point of care as well as the Core Lab segment and I would have thought there will be some potential to sort of cross sell or leverage to different platforms but it was a pretty tough quarter in the U.S. in the molecular segment. Any further detail you can provide on market dynamics or company specific factors?
Brian Yoor: David this is Brian I will kick it off and if Miles can add more color. In the U.S. you know first of all when we say our underlying franchise of infectious disease is growing very strongly. It's doing very well. We did have some comparables with respect to how you realize kind of the companion diagnostics revenue. We had some revenue in 2012 in the quarter that did not repeat, this is kind of a little bit more choppy in that respect and also we just have a little bit of an impact from the timing of when we seize the distribution agreement but that doesnt impact the underlying business. The underlying business is poised to continue to do well with the focus on infectious disease. I think to look at the full year it's probably more reflective of how to think about molecular in the U.S. and we do expect a step-up from that as we move into 2014 with our continued success and focus on infectious disease. I think it's really important to note in this business you know there are two that 60% of the sales are outside the U.S. and you can see the double digit growth there, were doing very well in the emerging markets, in our platforms, in infectious disease and so we like the growth rates that we see overall for molecular.
David Roman: Okay and then maybe just last one strategic question. As I look at the evolution of the new Abbott story over the past 12 months. I think we started a year ago with sort of a growth company of mid to high single digit top line growth obviously it's a well-documented challenges that emerge over the course of 2013. You had a pretty obviously significant increase in the dividend in the third quarter of this year and it seems like were shifting from a growth company to a capital return company. How should we think about the strategic positioning of Abbott longer term and Miles where youre taking the business, growth first capital return, M&A versus shareholder buybacks and things like that from a capital deployment standpoint?
Miles White: Well I think we think about the company much as we described. It's definitely a growth platform with an intention of growth. You know the things that I would say probably disappointed me or set us back last year largely foreign exchange, which was a big deal. I mean, that hit the top line and the bottom line. And we were able to offset that, but that was one thing. And I think the recall we had in the Nutrition business was couple of $100 million. Thats a big hit. And that particular business is one of our big growth drivers. I would say strategically, I am pretty pleased with how the base core businesses are all performing, particularly relative to the nature of the geographies and economies and so forth out there. I think thats all trending pretty well. The one business where its got a lot of my attention and focus as we just talked about is the branded generic pharmaceutical business, where I would say strategically I would like this one to be improving faster. And what I call your attention to is after we acquired AMO, Id say analysts and some shareholders had a fair amount of skepticism about the performance of that business for some time. And admittedly, it took a few years to pick up momentum there, but today, that business is churning at a fairly steady double-digit growth rate. Its gaining share. Its doing quite well. My own impatience would have been that it do that much faster than it did and I am always pushing for faster progress or faster impact in the performance of the business, I guess, not just for your expectations but for my own. And yet, we got to where we wanted to be. We have seen  we saw with the vascular business, terrific performance. We have seen steady quarter-to-quarter sequential improvements. We have gained share in the vascular business across the board. Every geography, we are number one in the stent business around the world. The AMO business is doing exceptionally well that way. Diagnostics has had a very steady sequential track record of improving growth. The frustration I had got is the pace of that improvement in EPD right now and its got the focus of our management team and my focus. Its the only place I am really  I guess strategically a little frustrated, but a lot of that has to do with the nature of the developed economies. And I think you are going to hear that from a lot of our competitors and a lot of other businesses. So I would say, first of all, in no way do I think we are stepping away from an intention of growth or focus on growth or focus on share gain or a focus on geographies, where the dynamics are frankly around growth. I think thats all still very valid, very true. At the same time, we and other companies well run, we accumulate a fair amount of cash. And our investors are looking for a return. And I think if we are not able to deploy some of that cash to strategic opportunities or we disproportionately accumulate cash relative to strategic opportunities, we look at the shape of our balance sheet, we look at the shape of all of that. And I think if investors  we have got the attention between the long-term and of course the quarter. And each quarter, when we got to report to our investors how we are doing, but I think also investors would like the constant feedback of a healthy return, particularly in uncertain economies in uncertain time. Our company has had a history for probably more than 30 years of very steady dividend growth and return to investors thats got a certain identity and a certain appeal to a lot of investors. And we have had a fairly steady track record of share repurchase. We have had a steady track record of pretty significant profitability and cash accumulation and cash generation. We have had a good track record with M&A and other things. And I think we try to keep all that in balance so that our investors are benefiting both from the growth profile over the long-term and a good healthy cash return when economies are more uncertain and on a steady reliable basis. So I would tell you I dont think its black and white you are not one or the other, we happen to be both. Thats been the hallmark of the company for decades that we have been a growth vehicle. And we have had a nice healthy cash return of dividends and share buyback. And I think if we are successful, profitable generating that kind of cash, thats what we ought to do is find that balance.
David Roman: Okay, thats helpful perspective. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Lawrence Biegelsen from Wells Fargo Securities.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Let me start on EPD, Miles, on the last call, you expressed your commitment to the business. I guess, I am wondering within EPD I mean you are obviously more excited about the emerging market opportunity. Do you need to have an EPD business in the developed market? Thats my first question.
Miles White: Need? No. It depends; I think it depends on the dynamics in any given market. I dont think any of us are pleased with the pressures or decline if you will of growth rates in say Europe but at the same time Larry it's extremely profitable business even with all the price pressure, utilization pressure and volume pressure. It's a very profitable business. So I think our challenge is it's always how long will these circumstances last. How long will these dynamics last? Is this a trend that doesnt change? Is there a bottom? Is there a turn? Is there, how long does this endure? And whats the best matter for us to drive best value for our owners, our investors, our shareholders in that time. You can get hung up on the optics of growth rate and say, Geez it's hurting, it's diluting my growth rate but at the same time I think the notion that it's making a fair amount of money and it's profitable and there is value in that. So I think our job is to figure out best way to optimally derive that value for our investor and thats a trade-off between what we can do here over some duration of time relative to how long we expect market conditions to exist or you know whats the best deployment of the asset value you know in the event we can drive the right value forward but when it's profitable as it is thats a tough trade-off.
Lawrence Biegelsen: It's helpful and then on adult nutrition, can you talk about the impact of the divestures and any quantification when that lapse in the adult nutrition business in the U.S.? Thanks.
Brian Yoor: Larry this is Brian, youre seeing in the fourth quarter on the adult segment in the U.S. around a 4 percentage point impact headwind and that also does spill into the first quarter as well. As were talking about you know some of the things impacting first quarter that will be one item that spills into the first quarter of 2014 as well for the U.S. adult segment and nutrition.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn Novarro: Two questions first on the infant nutritional business, you mentioned on the call that the recovery in emerging markets China et cetera was on track. I was wondering if you could share with us some evidence that suggest that things are on track was December better than November, is there a script data that youre tracking? Any color that would be helpful to give us confidence that the business recovers other than just from easy comps and then as a follow-up
Miles White: Go ahead Glenn Im chuckling a little bit because Im thinking no we just made this stuff up. Of course I will answer you in just a second, go ahead.
Glenn Novarro: And then just second just on operating margin goals, it looks like youre going to get to the nutritional operating margin goals sooner than expected and it looks like diagnostics were going to hit those goals quickly too. So, Im wondering as we look at nutritionals is 25% a realistic new goal and with respect to diagnostics are we in the late innings or is there another opportunity for more expansion there? Just you know qualitatively if you can help us think about the longer term goals there. Thanks.
Miles White: All right let me go back to the beginning. First of all evidence of recovery. You know there is three major geographies that were paying a lot of attention to in the recovery this recall that we experienced in nutrition. It's China, Vietnam and Saudi Arabia all of which are fairly important markets to us. We do get market share data; we get it from multiple sources in these countries. We get off take data meaning what leaves the shelf we get a fair amount of actually measured data. We get it from multiple sources and then we get a fair amount of anecdotal data as well. And we do track it, it is numerical, it is measurable. Were seeing sequential month to month, in fact we got a fairly I would say robust model thats been pretty accurate for us thats predictive, that takes into account holidays, buying patterns, consumer patterns all that stuff. Believe it or not in all these markets so we can do that. And there is a bit of a lag maybe a month or month and a half in some cases but and it varies by geography but were able to measure our progress. Were ahead of our progress in China, our model; were ahead of our expectation. Were ahead of our expectation. We are ahead of our expectation in Vietnam and we are a little behind in Saudi Arabia. And so we are able to measure that. We are able to see sequential evidence. We have got enough data points now that we can trust our forecasting, trust our model, trust our data, trust our feedback. Early, mid and late fall, we didnt have enough data points yet to be confident of the kind of trends we were seeing, because there is some, not cyclicality, but there is some up and down in the trends depending on holidays and other things. And we have seen enough of that now. We have had enough months of recovery that we can pretty reliably forecast for ourselves and for you how we will recover in the various countries. So I would say, yes, there is definite evidence, definite data. We definitely can see it and I am pleased by what I see. Frankly, I think our teams in those countries are doing an excellent job. It gives us not only data about us, but data about segments, data about competitors etcetera and what we  how we believe all of thats going. So I am pleased with what I see. With regard to operating margin goals or even gross margin goals, Id say for diagnostics late innings, I think there is a point where even if we could do better, I am not sure I would want to. I would always look for improvements in gross margin, but then you have discretionary spending in R&D or sales and marketing expenses etcetera that then get down to operating margin. And Id say in the diagnostics business, Id say late innings because Id like to be putting more and more into R&D there. I think we have got a nice model from a sales and marketing standpoint, but as you know in the diagnostics businesses, we have got half a dozen systems, major systems in developments and these are expensive programs, all of which are tracking very well as we renew the system platforms that are in the markets. Over the next five, six years here, there is going to be a steady drumbeat of new product coming thats going to drive the growth of this business globally on top of the installed base we already have. And I think that those are very important initiatives. So Id like to be putting money into R&D and thats not to say or more money into R&D. Thats not to say you should expect any kind of diminishment in bottom line, you should not. But I would like to be improving the gross margin in order to be able to invest more in what we would call discretionary spending in R&D and maybe even SG&A. So I would say that one. What we have managed profitability I think brilliantly and yes, they are ahead of schedule. I think its delivered for the investor, the shareholder and the business. And strategically, it also needs to be reinvesting in itself as we go along which its doing and I think its found the nice balance. On Nutritionals, I think there is still a lot of opportunity. And I would not go so far as to set a specific numerical target for you as ambitious as you might be, but I would probably say the same thing we are always looking to improve our gross margin and to the extent that drops through to the bottom line, that business is not as expense intensive in R&D. R&D doesnt cost as much as a percent of sales. And so its a highly productive R&D organization in terms of new product development, new product innovation etcetera. And its got a low percentage of sales spend on R&D. Its much more SG&A or marketing intensive. If I were going to spend more money promoting that business, I do it with sales and marketing lines. And I think that as the gross margin continues to improve there, which I expect it will substantially, I think there will be a sharing between dropping it to the bottom line for the investor and reinvesting further in sales and marketing and expansion, because there is so much opportunity, particularly internationally for this business. So I think thats about how I would characterize that I do expect to continue to see margin expansion there. And I would say that these businesses in particular, all the businesses will put a fair amount of focus on margin expansion and they have gotten it. And you have seen that in the gross margin line in our reporting. You have also seen exchange, foreign exchange erode some of that or in some businesses like the vascular business while they have had great improvement also in gross margin and yields and productivity. We have also seen price pressures that they have had to absorb. And I think that the fact that under some of the pricing and utilization pressures we have seen in Europe and other geographies and some of our businesses over the last several years and particularly last year, the margin improvement initiatives that we have had, had not only mitigated that, but continued to improve margin anyway. So I think there is more to come.
Glenn Novarro: Alright, great. Thanks for the color, Miles.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rick Wise from Stifel.
Rick Wise: Good morning everybody. Tom, if I could ask you again on gross margin. So the 55% gross margin guidance you said included 90 basis points of negative FX, the diabetes and other offsets. Was that I assume that plant shut down is reflected in that as well. Can you break that portion out just more specifically?
Tom Freyman: The plant shut down I referred to is just a timing issue thats effecting the gaining of sales that I want in particular business between the quarters. So that is really I mean certainly there is a little bit of startup and alike but it's not meaningful to the overall corporation but that really is not related. It's really the two big factors that we cited as lot of good things as Miles mentioned going on within the business is underlying and being a little bit offset, they are largely offset by those two factors.
Glenn Novarro: Okay (indiscernible) it's part of the gross margin headwinds when I call temporary excess capacity from the three new nutritional facilities, is that a big factor?
Tom Freyman: No there is a little bit of a startup there as well but again I dont think thats overall meaningful to the overall comparison year-over-year for the entire corporation. Certainly there is some cost in there but they have a lot of other good things going on in terms of their margin improvement programs that overall are driving an improvement in the nutrition gross margin in 2014.
Glenn Novarro: And one last quick one, the buyback, is that gets you to the middle of your guidance range or the high end? How do we think about that and maybe you can kind of whether you do an accelerated share repurchase. Thanks so much.
Tom Freyman: The guidance is the guidance, it's the range and obviously our baseline expectation is to be within the range and if the year goes well it will be in the high end and it's the challenges were going to work not to be the low, the middle. So thats the way we think about the guidance and what I would say is what is a definite part of the plan is to buy back shares roughly in the range we talked about today and certainly thats the baseline you can count on as you build your model for 2014 and there is no plan at this time to do an accelerated structure but thats something we would look at and we will think about.
Operator: Thank you. My next question is from Josh Jennings from Cowen and Company. Josh your line is open please check your mute feature. And were sorry were getting no response we will move on to the next question. Our next question today is from Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank.
Kristen Stewart: Just focusing on the vascular business. I know you had commented on strong growth in MitraClip I was wondering if you would be willing just to provide a baseline number of where it ended this year with European sales and then just thoughts around it as youre rolling this out in the U.S. just the strategy given the reimbursement environment.
Brian Yoor: MitraClip had strong growth in Europe. I think it ended the year approximately around a $130 million. We expect some additional approvals in certain countries there to continue our growth in Europe so we expect another year of strong growth with MitraClip in Europe region in 2014. Now I will say with respect to the U.S. we were very pleased with the decision that was made by the panel last year to receive the approval that we have for the degenerative mitral regurgitation patient in the U.S. at high risk. It's a pretty I will say modest way to think about but were going to take it the right way in terms of how we approach our centers and those large cardiac specialty centers that are capable and have the expertise to work with the MitraClip. Again another year of strong growth I think we can think about probably approaching close to 200 million as we move into 2014 but clearly between the Europe side and the U.S. side a nice contributor to our overall vascular growth. We continue to work towards also the reimbursements and improving our reimbursements there I think we have discussed before that we ultimately foresee this coming more in line with the (indiscernible) line of reimbursement in the U.S. and again I know that (indiscernible) have submitted for the national coverage as well we also submitted for what you know what would also be a special add on technology indication but we will have more color to provide for you on both of those in the later part of 2014.
Kristen Stewart: And then I got just more broadly just in structural heart, how do you just kind of see MitraClip fit again? Do you need to surround it with additional programs to really have that platform be competitive or do you think looking ahead just having a transcatheter mitral valve repair product alone will be successful within Abbott?
Miles White: Kristen, this is Miles. I think it could standalone quite easily, but I think we are always looking for more innovation, the more opportunity to expand our position in a given treatment segment. So I would put up more in the desire rather than need. I think its given the lack of therapies out there to treat patients, it clearly can standalone, but to the extent that other therapies evolve over time here, its certainly to the benefit of the patient and the business to expand the offering.
Kristen Stewart: Right. And then just on the stent business, I was wondering if you could offer any additional commentary just on the Absorb product, the one you are seeing in terms of market share positioning in the accounts in which you are in? And then just to remind on the timing to the U.S., I think you had mentioned that you expected to complete enrollment in the U.S. study this year. Just wanted to confirm that?
Miles White: Let me address share and then I will hand it to Brian to talk about U.S. First of all, I am very pleased with how the overall shares of the stent business have evolved. We have grown share in all of our geographies. We hold the number one position in stents across Europe, the U.S., Japan etcetera. We have not only held share, but gained share. I think thats been gratifying for the breadth and the strength and the quality of the product line. I think its been a challenging environment to some degree from a competitive or pricing standpoint. I think I expect that to mitigate some here going into this year and we are seeing that as we see sequential improvement in growth at least in our own business. And as regards to Absorb, I think the acceptance, the use of Absorb continues to improve, but share continues to improve and continues to grow in many accounts. And then I would have to note that while the trend has been a fair amount of price degradation in this segment, Absorb is selling at a premium to metal drug-eluting stents etcetera. So it continues to gain share. It continues to gain a share of procedures in accounts where its being used. It continues to grow very nicely and do so at some premium to what are truly good quality stents out there in the metal drug-eluding stent category. So with that let me give you to Brian to talk about the U.S.
Brian Yoor: Yes. So Kristen, obviously Absorb had a great contribution as Miles had mentioned to Europe and our share gains there year-over-year. In the U.S. as we are expecting to complete the enrollment in 2014 and that also goes for China as well. We just completed enrollment for Japan. I think the way to think about this too is we are only in half of the market, the worldwide market today if you think about it in terms of being in Europe, but we still have another half of the world to go here. And so by completing the enrollments, we set ourselves out there to be the only one in this kind of technology with the opportunity to continue to penetrate and achieve the workforce status we expected to. We have left time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from Jason Bedford from Raymond James.
Jason Bedford: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just wanted to revisit an earlier question on EPD, still unclear as to the source of the sluggishness in developed markets, is it increased competition, is it a demand issue, is it price? And then just as a follow-up, can you kind of give us the estimated market growth rates in EPD and if its easier you can split it between emerging markets and developed markets?
Miles White: In the developed markets, its a little bit of the items you discussed. I mean, price as we have talked about the couple of years, its probably been running at a rate twice what it had been prior to maybe 2012 and it has been very low single-digits and has probably doubled for a period of time that seems to be mitigating a little bit as we go forward. And I would say, the balance is basically either austerity in some of the countries, where scripts are actually down or in some cases in our portfolio, a few of our products have, were at the end of lives in Europe. We did have a few of those. We had a few patented products and some of those went off patent. And each one is relatively minor, but thats been part of whats going on in the developed world. I would say in terms of market growth rates it depends on markets obviously you know India for us is a key market and while it's slowed probably into the mid-single digit range in 2013, IMS forecast it will be back into that double digit range in 2014 which is a positive for us. I would say overall in the key emerging markets you know were seeing basic market growth probably in that mid-single range maybe even a little bit better in a country like Russia for example and I think most investors are familiar that Europe has been a pretty sluggish market overall from a volume perspective and thats carried over into our business as well.
Jason Bedford: And then just lastly for me, getting back to the discussion on cash repatriation. Do you anticipate that you will be more active with M&A in 14 than you were in 13?
Tom Freyman: I think it all depends on the opportunities out there. I dont feel cash constrained about any of that. I feel more constrained by what I view as a not terribly robust set of opportunities or valuations. Im always vigilant for opportunities for the company but they got to be good fits strategically and they got to be good valuations.
Brian Yoor: Okay thanks Jason and thank you operator and thank you for all your questions. And that concludes the Abbott Conference Call. A replay of this call will be available after 11 am Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbotinvestor.com and after 11 am Central Time via telephone at 203-369-3270, passcode 4627. The audio replay will be available until 4 pm Central Time on Wednesday, February 5th. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Brian Yoor, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Brian Yoor: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom, and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today maybe forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2013. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay, thanks, Brian. Good morning. This morning, we reported ongoing earnings per share of $0.55, ahead of our previous guidance range, strong performance across our businesses as well as gross margin and operating margin expansion, expense controls and lower tax rates enabled us to deliver strong double-digit ongoing earnings per share growth, despite the impact of a supplier recall in International Nutrition. We also announced this morning a 57% increase in Abbott's dividend, demonstrating our confidence in the long-term growth of the company and our commitment to increasing shareholder returns. This declaration increases our quarterly dividend to $0.22 per share from $0.14 a share, effective with the dividend to be paid in February 2014. Reviewing the results for the quarter in more detail, total company sales increased 4.3%, operationally, but excluding the sales disruption in International Nutrition, sales would have increased approximately 6%. Sales growth in International Nutrition was affected by the supplier recall initiated in early August in China and two other markets for certain pediatric nutritional products. While there were no health issues associated with the recalled products and the supplier subsequently determined the products had been safe for consumption, the recall created significant disruption in these markets. As a result, International Pediatric Nutrition sales were significantly lower than our previous expectations in the quarter. We anticipate that it will take time to work through the impact of this supplier recall and expect lower sales growth in the fourth quarter of 2013 and the first half of 2014. We initiated additional marketing investments in the third quarter in these markets as part of our recovery plans. The long-term fundamentals of this business have not changed. Demand for both, adult and pediatric nutrition is strong and we remain optimistic about our growth prospects. Excluding the impact of this disruption, International Pediatric Nutrition sales would have increased in the strong double digits. Reviewing the results of our other businesses in the quarter, Performance was in line with or ahead of expectations. Diagnostics delivered double-digit growth and Medical Devices delivered nearly 4% growth with double-digit growth in Medical Optics. We again saw a strong growth in emerging markets and also began to see better performance in developed markets. Total company sales in developed markets increased in the low-single digits, which was ahead of our expectations and a sequential improvement over the second quarter. Abbott's leading market share position and the introduction of new technologies are driving profitable growth in these markets. Diagnostics, one of our most durable growth businesses, increased more than 6% in developed markets with double-digit growth in point-of-care and strong growth in U.S. Core Laboratory Diagnostics, driven by several large customer account wins. Medical Optics, also contributed to our improvement in developed markets. Growth of our Cataract business has accelerated over the last three quarters, driven by new product launches, including the TECNIS Toric in the US and TECNIS OptiBlue in Japan. Total company emerging market sales in the quarter increased 8%, operationally, driven by double-digit growth in each of our three Diagnostics businesses as well as high single-digit growth in Medical Devices. Excluding the sales disruption in International Nutrition, emerging market sales in our Nutrition business would have increased in the high teens. In Established Pharmaceuticals this quarter, sales increased modestly. While recent macroeconomic and market pressures in certain emerging markets resulted in somewhat slower sales growth this quarter, growth rates in emerging markets have been and are expected to continue to be higher than the growth rates of the developed world and the overall global economy. Established Pharmaceuticals remains well aligned with the fundamentals driving long-term growth in emerging markets, a rising middle-class, improving access to healthcare, and consumers that are seeking and willing to pay for high-quality brands. Emerging markets are projected to drive 70% of the global pharmaceutical growth over the next several years, and the majority of that growth will be from branded generics. In addition to sales outperformance in several businesses, we delivered strong gross margins and operating margins. Adjusted gross margin was nearly 56% in the quarter, ahead of our expectations with strong execution in both Diagnostics and Nutrition. Adjusted operating margin was 19.3%, a 210-basis point improvement over the third quarter of last year. We have sequentially improved adjusted operating margin each quarter of this year as we remain focused on improving gross margins and reducing G&A expense. In the third quarter, we increased marketing investment in our Nutrition business to support recovery from the supplier recall while we reduced G&A expenses in other areas. As I mentioned earlier, this morning we announced the 57% increase in Abbott's quarterly dividend, as we have indicated since early in the year. Over the course of our first year post-separation, weve continued to assess capital allocation for the company. We have now completed that assessment and this announcement reflects Abbott's commitment to providing immediate and significant returns to shareholders in the form of dividend. A strong and increasing dividend has always been important to Abbott. We are recognized as an S&P dividend aristocrat having consistently increased the dividend for each of the last 41 years. We have built the company to continue to deliver sustainable earnings growth and our investment identity continues to be one of growth with now an increased commitment of returning cash to shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Tom and Brian to discuss third quarter results in more detail. Tom?
Tom Freyman: Thanks, Miles. Before I go through our results for the quarter, I would like to summarize at a high level the major changes from the expectations we had when we provided guidance back in July. As Miles indicated in his remarks, the disruption in our International Nutrition business that occurred in the third quarter had a meaningful impact on that business in the quarter. As a result of this event, sales in our International Nutrition business were around $90 million lower than our previous expectations. In addition, we decided to make additional marketing investments in the quarter to accelerate recovery. Combination of lower sales and higher spending related to this event negatively impacted our ongoing earnings per share by around $0.05. This was offset in the quarter by better than expected gross margin performance, reductions in G&A expenses, and a lower tax rate. This resulted in ongoing EPS of $0.55, which represents a 31% growth over 2012 and exceeded the midpoint of our previous guidance range by $0.03 per share. Turning to the details for the third quarter, sales increased 4.3% on an operational basis. That is excluding an unfavorable 2.3% impact from foreign exchange. The sales disruption in our International Nutrition business is estimated to have reduced Abbott's worldwide sales growth by nearly 2%, the sales would have increased around 6% without this event. Emerging market sales were up more than 8% in the quarter on an operational basis and it would have increased more than 12% on an operational basis without the disruption. Sales growth was driven by strong performance across a number of our products and businesses including operational sales growth of more than 10% in Diagnostics and nearly 12% in Medical Optics, along with an improvement in total company sales growth in developed markets. Reported sales, which include the impact of exchange, increased 2% in the quarter. The third quarter adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.9% of sales, ahead of our previous guidance and up 70 basis points over the prior year, despite the impact of exchange reflecting strong underlying performance. Foreign exchange negatively impacted the gross margin ratio by almost 150 basis points in the quarter, somewhat lower than our previous expectations. In the quarter, ongoing R&D investment was approximately 6.5% of sales, in line with previous expectations. Ongoing SG&A expense was also in line with previous expectations reflecting additional marketing investments in our International Nutrition business, offset by G&A expense reductions. Overall, our adjusted operating margin ratio improved 210 basis points in the quarter over the prior year. Our year-to-date ongoing tax rate through the third quarter was 19%, lower than the forecast we provided on the second quarter call. This 19% rate also reflects our expectations for the full year 2013. The revision to this lower tax rate for the full year resulted in a tax rate of 15.7% for the third quarter. Turning to the outlook for the full year 2013. Today, we are confirming our ongoing full-year earnings per share guidance range of $1.98 to $2.04 reflecting double-digit growth. We are forecasting operational sales growth that is excluding the impact foreign exchange in the low-to-mid single digits for the full year 2013. Based on current exchange rates, we would expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 2% on full-year reported sales. This would result in reported sales growth in the low-single digits. We forecast an ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio for the full year of approximately 55.5% of sales, ongoing R&D at around 6.5% of sales, and ongoing SG&A expense of somewhat more than 30% of sales. We also forecast the full-year net interest expense of approximately $100 million, non-operating income of around $50 million, and around $40 million of expense on the exchange gain/loss line of the P&L. Finally, as previously indicated, we forecast the full year ongoing tax rate of 19%. Turning to the outlook for the fourth quarter of 2013. Operational sales growth is expected to be in the low-to-mid single digits, which includes the impact of the Nutrition disruption. At current exchange rates, we would expect roughly 3% negative impact from exchange. We forecast an ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio in the fourth quarter of approximately 55.5% of sales. We also forecast an ongoing tax rate of 19% for the fourth quarter, in line with the year-to-date rate. Lastly, similar to the third quarter, we expect the recent sales disruption in our International Nutrition business to impact our ongoing earnings per share by approximately $0.05 in the fourth quarter, which is factored into our forecast. With that, I will turn it over to Brian for the operating highlights and growth outlooks by business.
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Tom. This morning, I will provide an overview of third quarter performance and our outlook for the fourth quarter. My comments will focus on operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. I will first discuss Nutrition, where global sales increased more than 3% in the third quarter. The sales disruption in International Nutrition is estimated to have reduced global nutritional operational sales growth by approximately $90 million. Global Pediatric Nutrition sales grew 2.7% in the quarter, including International Pediatric sales growth of 3%. Excluding the sales disruption, International Pediatric Nutrition continues to drive strong growth as it launches new product innovations and executes on geographic expansion initiatives. U.S. Pediatric sales were up 2%. Abbott remains the market leader in the non-WIC segment of the U.S. infant formula market and continues to drive uptake of recent innovation launches, including Similac Total Comfort, our first switch formula that addresses a broad range of mild-tolerance symptoms. Global Adult Nutrition sales increased 4.4% operationally in the quarter. International adult sales grew 7.5% overall and double digits in the emerging markets, driven by product innovations in our Ensure product line and execution of market expansion initiatives. U.S. Adult Nutrition sales were up 1%, negatively impacted by the exit from certain non-core business lines as part of our margin improvement initiative. Excluding the impact of these exits, U.S. Adult sales would have grown mid-single digits. As previously discussed, we will continue to see the impact of the sales disruption on International Nutrition growth in the fourth quarter and in first half of 2014 as we continue to work towards recovery, so for the fourth quarter we expect our Global Nutrition business to grow low-single digits on an operational basis. Moving onto Diagnostics, which delivered another quarter of strong growth with sales increased 10.5%. Core Laboratory Diagnostics operational sales increased 9% in the third quarter, driven by strong growth in the U.S. and internationally. International sales grew 7.7%, driven by continued strong double-digit growth in emerging markets. U.S. sales increased 15%, driven mainly by a number of key account wins as large health systems continue to choose Abbott's integrated and flexible solutions to management the testing volumes and to increase operational efficiencies. We also continue to broaden and differentiate our industry-leading assay menu and expect to launch new tests in the area of diabetes, cancer and cardiac care. Most recently, preliminary clinical trial results suggest that Abbott's high sensitive component test on ARCHITECT may improve the diagnosis and prognosis of patients presenting with heart attack symptoms. In Molecular Diagnostics, worldwide sales increased 16% in the third quarter. International sales growth of 24%, was led by continued strong infectious disease growth and geographic expansion in emerging markets, including the benefit of tender wins in Brazil, Russia and Africa, as well as continued growth of companion diagnostics. In Point of Care Diagnostics, worldwide sales increased 17%, driven by continued growth in the U.S. hospital and Physician Office Lab segments, as well as strong double-digit growth in emerging markets. For the fourth quarter, we are forecasting our Global Diagnostics business segment to generate high single-digit operational sales growth. In our Established Pharmaceuticals business sales in the quarter increased modestly. Sales growth in key emerging markets was 2.3%. We continue to focus on implementing tailored strategies to accelerate growth in emerging markets that are projected to remain attractive for branded generic pharmaceuticals over the long-term. In the fourth quarter, we continue to expect low single-digit operational sales growth from our established pharmaceuticals business. Lastly medical devices, which includes our vascular, diabetes care and vision care businesses. Sales growth in medical devices increased 4% in the quarter. In our vascular business, worldwide sales increased 2.5%. Sales growth continued to improve sequentially over the second quarter inline with our expectations. International sales increased nearly 3% driven by continued momentum in key geographies of our next generation drug-eluting stent, XIENCE Xpedition and our bioresorbable vascular scaffold Absorb. This includes continued share gains in Europe as well as Japan where we launched XIENCE Xpedition in August following the successful launch of the XIENCE PRIME small vessel drug-eluting stent earlier in the year. MitraClip, our first-in-class device for treating mitral regurgitation also contributed to international growth in the quarter. U.S. sales increased nearly 2%. While the drug-eluting stent market declined in the quarter, we have continued to gain share over the course of the year with the U.S. launch of XIENCE Xpedition. Mid single-digit growth in our global endovascular business also contributed to vascular performance in the quarter. In August, Abbott completed its acquisition of IDEV Technologies which expands our endovascular portfolio by adding the SUPERA stent. SUPERA is available in Europe and is under review by the U.S. FDA for the treatment of blockages in the superficial femoral artery or the SFA. This unique technology provides Abbott an opportunity to further penetrate the largest and the fastest growing SFA segment of the global peripheral market. For the fourth quarter of 2013, we expect our global vascular business to increase in the low-single-digits on an operational basis. In diabetes care, global sales in the third quarter increased 1%. International sales, which comprise 60% of total diabetes sales, increased nearly 9% in the quarter driven by continued strong double-digit growth in emerging markets. As expected, U.S. sales were impacted by the implementation of the CMS competitive bidding program for Medicare patients. We project fourth quarter diabetes care sales growth to be down low single-digits on an operational basis, reflecting the impact of CMS competitive bidding in the U.S. partially offset by strong growth internationally. In Vision care, we exceeded our previous expectations by delivering nearly 12% growth in the third quarter. Cataract sales which represent more than 60% of our global vision care sales, increased double-digits, well outpacing the market. Strong cataract growth was driven by the uptake of new products, including TECNIS OPTIBLUE in Japan and TECNIS Toric in the U.S. Both products provide Abbott with access to large and growing segments of the cataract market, where Abbott wasn't previously competing with Toric lenses representing the fastest growing category in the premium segment. Strong double-digit growth in key emerging markets also contributed to performance this quarter. In August, Abbot completed its acquisition of OptiMedica, which provides Abbott with a state-of-the-art laser system and immediate access to the rapidly developing laser cataract surgery market. This allows Abbott to have broader reach in the growing cataract market. For the fourth quarter, in our global vision care business, we expect another quarter of double-digit operational sales growth, driven by a continued strong performance of our cataract business. In summary, while sales and earnings were affected by a disruption in our international nutrition business, we delivered strong performance across our businesses and improved operating and gross margins. Excluding the impact of the supplier recall of nutrition, total company's sales growth was balanced across both developed and emerging markets, with continued sequential sales growth improvement in developed markets and continued double-digit growth in emerging markets. We improved gross margin by 70 basis points and expanded operating margin by 210 basis points in the third quarter. Finally, we announced a 57% increase in our quarterly dividend demonstrating our confidence in the long-term growth of the company and our commitment to increasing shareholder returns. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan.
Mike Weinstein: First off, I thought you did a good job of covering all the issues in the Nutritionals business and the impact of Fonterra. I think that's pretty straightforward. Let me start with the dividend, because obviously it's a very significant increase. You have meaningfully changed the profile of Abbott's payout and the ongoing payout ratio for the company. My question, Tom, is the mix of the company's cash flows because as everybody knows Abbott of course has been generating 70% of its sales outside the U.S. Can you talk about the ability to fund the dividend long term given your mix of sales and cash flows as you look out and do you need to repatriate profits in order to sustain that longer term? Thanks.
Tom Freyman: Yes. I think, we are in really good shape for that Mike. As you know, we have very strong cash flow as a company on a normalized basis this year probably approaching the $4 billion range, and we have been in a very good position today to cover our cash needs between the various geographies. As we go forward, I think we are in a good position to do that with this dividend payout and obviously that is part of the plan. I think over time as the company grows and we fund growth wherever it is, debt levels might gradually increase over time, but we are in very good shape to fund this dividend increase.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. When the Board, I guess, contemplated what the right mix was going forward of dividend and buybacks and acquisitions, maybe Miles can give us little insight into how you came up with this payout ratio and what's the thought process on the right mix with the company on capital allocation?
Miles White: Yes. If I take you back to the fourth quarter last year when we split the companies and we split, we aligned cash flows and debt and so forth with dividend payout, everything kind of aligned in a proportional way with the cash flow generating capability of the two companies. You will recall at the time, AbbVie announced a disproportionately higher dividend, we had a disproportionately lower dividend and payout ratio than we had as a combined company historically. We thought that was appropriate for a pharma business like AbbVie's, and the question we had at that time, because we were actually not trying to be dividend neutral between the two companies. The combined dividend, as you will recall, went up a little bit, not a lot, but a little bit and we wanted to kind of stabilize and see what cash flow is going forward, because as we looked at the investment identity of remaining or new Abbott, it was unclear to us exactly where to kind of put the dividend not only from the strength of our performance, but just in general what the peer group and/or investors would expect. Over the course of the year, we got a fair amount of feedback and we had a chance to look at that and we concluded that it was so essential to the overall identity of the company that the combination of growth and income was important to our investment base and that income piece was actually probably a little more important than we had placed it at that time, which I acknowledged to investors over the course of the fourth quarter last year and the first two quarters this year. So, in terms of looking at the expectation of it, I acknowledged to investors during the year wed look at look at it. Wed look at capital allocation. As Tom already indicated, it's not a strain on cash flows or a strain on capital allocation. We are a healthy cash generator, and frankly, I think we are going to continue to be a healthy cash generator going forward, because we are seeing great progress in the margin initiatives we have both on the gross margin line and on the G&A line and I think there is still lot of opportunity there for us to improve margins and improve cash flows as we grow. So, as we looked at that, we said making sure we live to that historic identity of a combination of growth and income was important, and we came to the conclusion that at the payout ratio we began the year, we were not quite where we needed to be or wanted to be on the income side, so we chose to take it to where we believe that was, at least relative to a peer group, and there were probably several different peer groups investors would compare us to, but relative to the peer groups we would be compared to, we put ourselves in a position where we think we are pretty competitive, if not attractive combination of growth and income, and then from a cash flow standpoint, it's completely achievable. With regard to share buybacks or M&A activity or other things longer term or frankly even debt pay down, we think that the cash flows just as they have been historically are strong enough to accommodate all of that. So we made the move, and I think rather than tickle our way into it a little bit at a time, we just sort of concluded let's just go where we think it needs to be or would like to be, and we will just set it there and not do this incremental creep up over time. Our investors ought to know what our identity is and what our payouts are going to look like. That's why we just chose to announce it now and get it over with.
Mike Weinstein: Okay, and maybe just a follow-up one fundamental question if I can and then I will jump. If we look at the quarter outside of the whole issue with Nutritionals, there are really kind of two things that stood out to me, and one was the strength of the Diagnostics business. I don't think people would have expected your U.S. core immunoassay business to be up as much as it was. Then on the downside, the EPD business which continues to struggle. I think people were hoping that as you anniversaried some of the price cuts from last year that that business would start to pick up in the second half and obviously it didn't. So can you talk about what gets EPD going and is the answer a quarter, a year from now, two years from now, is that maybe that just isn't as good as a business as we hoped, does that business remain part of the portfolio? Thanks.
Miles White: Okay, that's an easy one. It absolutely remains part of the portfolio. Couple of things. Earlier in the year, I acknowledged I think couple of times on these phone calls that what I saw as the bigger issue in EPD for us was our own execution. While we had bumped up against some of the volatility of emerging markets from time to time, whether it was price pressure or whatever it might be. The fundamentals underlying that business in those markets over time were strongly in our favor. So the part that was more in our control that I was not as satisfied with was our own execution. We have made a number of changes in the last few quarters here on that in terms of the structure of our organization, some of the management leading the organization. Frankly the commercial strategies and a linkage between the breadth of our product lines in the therapeutic categories of products in markets that we are marketing and promoting. It takes some time for that execution to sink in and show some results. So I would tell you, as much as I was self critical of us early in the year about our own execution, I would tell you today what I see coming out of the business is all in line with what I would want to see there. I like what we are doing. I think we are doing the right things, but I think it's going to take probably several quarters here before we see the impact on the top and bottom line. So from an anecdotal standpoint, what I see is all good. And I think the team is doing exactly what it ought to be doing on the execution line for every one of its geographies, but it's going to take some time to see it roll through. So I haven't lost any confidence at all. And I would say it's going to play out here. Has it been delayed, relative to our initial expectations either because of market conditions or our own execution? Yes. Do I expect it to be further delayed in terms of what the performance would be going forward? No, I don't. I expect it will take a few quarters for us to start to emerge and show up on the top and bottom-line but I haven't lost any confidence at all in the business and its prospects for us going forward. As an example I would tell you, in the early part of the year, we also saw depressed performance in our Device businesses and we took a number of actions beginning late last year in those businesses and what we have seen this year is every quarter, in particular the Vascular business and the Medical Optics businesses, sequentially improving on the top and bottom line and sequentially improving share. And we track share in these markets geographically as a real measure of whether we are succeeding or not and we have seen great evidence across the board here that we are increasing share in these businesses, improving our positions and that the actions take place. So I am pretty confident that everything in these businesses is headed in the right direction. It's just going to take us a couple of quarters to see it. I wouldn't have said that quite as strongly about EPD probably three quarters ago but what I see now I like and I think you are going to see that top in bottom-line coming forward. Now back on diagnostics. There is another story that's taken time to play out. I mean that business keeps getting better every quarter and I don't think anybody expected double-digit sales growth on the top-line and yet its growth keeps improving. It's margins keep improving. It's ahead of its own plans and schedule in terms of operating and gross margin improvement. It's ahead of anything that we have communicated to investors and you on the Street, and I think that they have got great pipeline of systems in development all of which are on schedule to sequentially roll out in the next few years. So I think that sometimes, because we got this quarterly orientation as public companies, we are impatient about how quickly we want to see the impact and it does take some quarters to see the impact. Since I have seen it in Diagnostics, I have seen it in Vascular, I have seen it in Medical Optics, I have seen it in Nutrition, I have seen it in the performance of our gross margin initiatives, I am confident that EPD will be just fine and then it will play out in the commitments that we made to you and forecast that that we think that business will do. I think it's fortunate and that I think this quarter is a good example that we had so much success with the margin initiatives, because had it not been for this supplier recall in Asia, we would be spewing profit and sales growth this quarter and I think you would be ridiculing our guidance, but the fact is the issue with Fonterra and our Asian markets did set us back, and yet we still were able to exceed expectations this quarter. We think it's prudent to maintain our current guidance for the fourth quarter, because I think the recall is going to continue to impact us there for a while. It was about a $90 million hit this quarter, we are currently forecasting it to be about a $100 million in the fourth quarter and yet we are going to maintain our guidance and I think we would have been in a position here to be substantially raising our guidance but for that, so the underlying fundamentals in all of these businesses, and I think EPD too, all look good to me. You just can't see the visibility of the EPD performance yet, but we will.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Let me start with the margin question for Tom. The gross margin, I think I heard you say that there was a 150 basis negative impact from FX in the third quarter, Tom. Could you talk about when that goes away and what the implications are looking forward to 2014 and then I just had one product-related question.
Tom Freyman: Well, we do expect, Larry, some of that to continue into the fourth quarter, probably at somewhat lower level, probably closer to 100 basis points since we are currently modeling it. This is an item that does bounce around depending on the currency volatility. Obviously, you know, revenues immediately impact margin and sometimes there is some timing differences on the cost side, but this quarter did come in a little heavier than we thought and we overcame it quite nicely, but we would expect about 100 basis points in the fourth quarter. If rates would stabilize, hopefully next year will be a better year relative to exchange on the margin and it will be share performance, but we will have to see what volatility brings.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for that. Then on the product side, it would be great to get an update on the progress of ABSORB in Europe and also the next steps for MitraClip in the U.S. Thanks.
Brian Yoor: Hi, Larry. This is Brian. Yes. With ABSORB, we are still continuing to see some sequential improvement there. We had another nice quarter it started to become a more meaningful portion of the portfolio. I think we will continue to see further increases from it in the fourth quarter, particularly as procedures pick up and more adoption takes place. Also in Europe, just as we come out of the summer months, we tend to see procedures pick up, so ABSORB is on track with our plans and continuing to make progress. Go ahead Miles.
Miles White: Larry, let me just insert one comment there, before Brian moves on. We are representing a whole portfolio of our stent products now across the board, including ABSORB, particularly in Europe. We are seeing sequential share pick up, both versus last year and versus last quarter. I think that as we forecasted in the past, what we have done to bring pricing into a tighter band across the products and allow physicians and hospitals, let's say, easier substitution of which product they wish to use and we have got ABSORB, I think, priced in a better place now. We are seeing a pretty good share pickup. Actually, we are seeing it in Western Europe, we are picking up share in Japan although that's with expedition same in the U.S., so we are seeing good share pickup now across the board in all these markets. Europe gets the extra benefit of having ABSORB and we are definitely seeing the impact of it there.
Brian Yoor: And then with respect to MitraClip, Larry, I mean again a meaningful contributor to our international sales growth. That is with respect to the U.S. as we just still remain in conversations with the FDA and we want to see where that lands. But we know they talked to us about decision by the end of the year and nothing has really changed from acquisition with respect to MitraClip. It's not factored into our guidance at all at this point
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the question
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Roman with Goldman Sachs.
David Roman: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for taking the question. I was hoping if you could come back to the diagnostics business a little bit. And I think, specifically in your prepared remarks, you talked about a number of big or a few big contracts wins. When I was down at AACC over the summer, one of the things that seemed to be clear among lab managers with whom I spoke was that a propensity for labs looking to do sort of one-stop shopping or looking to buy across the portfolio where you and Roche consistently sort of came up. Can you maybe just talk about the dynamics in the lab market, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S.? And whether you are seeing the benefit of scale play out at all?
Brian Yoor: Yes, hi, David. This is Brian. With respect to diagnostics, it is one where it is more about the total solution that you bring. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we have had a lot adoption from people who like the flexibility and the scalability and the offering that we bring from end-to-end with respect to our cash with respect to our equipment. We have had, to your point, some nice key account wins in the U.S. with takeaways from multiple competitors in the core lab with respect to our core laboratory business. Recall, we put in place this enterprise approach to selling. We started with the European markets. As we moved into the U.S. markets, we are definitely seeing that pay dividends in terms of the approach there in terms of selling the complete solutions that we are talking about. So in the U.S., you saw the results in the quarter. That's largely attributed to these account wins. There was like five or so major account wins that we had taken which helps to build momentum. It tends to be sticky over time as well when you are talking about these contracts, because they tend to be longer term in nature. So If you are looking at molecular, we have again strong growth there. Again internationally infected disease has been our strength. We continue to penetrate there. We had strong double-digit growth in emerging markets having some key tender wins in some key countries Brazil, Russia, Africa. Most of our sales, again 60% of molecular outside the U.S. and that's where we are really growing nicely. And the U.S. is more of that durable growth that we continue to expect to see.
David Roman: And then maybe just a follow up on the overall top line outlook, both for this year and also how you think about the business going forward. There has obviously been an evolution of your thinking throughout the course of 2013. I think we started mid to high-single-digit growth for the year and then mid to high single digit growth in the back half and now it sort of looks like where you are year-to-date is kind of where you are saying things are going to be for the balance of the year, and understandably there have been some new factors like the Fonterra situation that have emerged. So maybe if you could just talk about the top line growth profile both on a near and longer term basis. Is 4% the right base line? And then how do you get back to that 5%, 6%, 7% type level?
Tom Freyman: That's an easy one, David. We are right where we expected to be but for the issue with nutrition in Asia in this quarter. Had that not happened, we would be at 6% on the top line and there is lot of ins and outs there. I mean I guess, first we should probably talk operationally which would be the case. I mean clearly exchange this year, I think for everybody, has been a significant issue but in any case exchange comes and goes. The underlying operating strength of the business has ramped just as we had expected it would. It hasn't done it in every single business the way we thought it would. EPD has been slower. Diagnostics and devices have been faster but what it boils down to is, we would be right where, in fact, we are. I mean we are where we said we would be on the bottom line, where we said we would be on the top line, but for the issue with nutrition in Asia. And I would tell you that our plans haven't changed at all nor have our expectations. I wouldn't be setting a 4% top-line target, I would be doing higher than that and we haven't changed our expectations because we don't see the underlying factors any differently than we have before and we don't our strategies any differently. We are not changing our investment profile. We are not changing our geographic profile other than beyond what we have told you. So for us, it's all systems straight ahead and it's so far playing out exactly as we had hoped and expected. We are getting very good gross margin improvement, very good G&A improvement. We get lot of room to go there, our pipelines are evolving very nicely in R&D. Our execution in EPD is progressing just as I have wanted it to, our growth in Nutrition is progressing as we have said and remains strong. Diagnostics, particularly strong, the Device business is all improving and Medical Optics dramatically so, so I would say, it all looks to me very strong. The one exception and it was a significant exception in this quarter, was the Asian issue with Nutrition and that's one we will just recover our way out of and we are not going to change our intentions with China or any of the other countries. We are not changing anything about our strategies. It happened it wasn't of our making we are dealing with it and we will continue to deal with it, but our prospects and our expectations haven't changed one bit.
David Roman: Okay. Then maybe just a last thing, I know there has been discussion earlier around use of capital and the decision to raise a dividend. Maybe you sort of frame up how you are thinking about M&A that the deals that you have been doing as of late is a good reflection of the type of acquisitions we should expect on a go forward basis.
Miles White: Well, I would say a couple of things, and I go back to the bigger picture. The overall intent of the company as we have described now for the better part of the year as great combination of growth and income hasn't changed and we are in emerging markets for a reason, for the growth that they represent. We are broadly spread in those emerging markets, so we are not over indexed in one. We are focused on our margin initiatives et cetera, which is going to be an absolutely great improvement over time here to lever the bottom line with that growth. It's going to generate increasing cash flow, so we have the cash to do the things we want to do, so I think, all the working pieces are progressing as we would wish. One of the things we saw in the quarter that I think is important for investors to note is, that when the company hits adversity, like any company, you expect your management to navigate that adversity and protect your investment. Either protect that investment or improve upon it in some fashion. I think that what we saw here was even in the absence of the pharma business, we spun-off. The company and its management are capable of managing through adversity and protecting the investors' investment in the company and still delivering the expectations on the bottom line and it hasn't knocked us off of our trajectory or intent. Now to go more specifically to your question about cash allocation or capital allocation, on the M&A front, it remains an opportunistic world. I would tell you that there is a lot of things that we have looked at and turn down, or decided that they weren't economic to pursue. I would describe the deal market in terms of attractive opportunities right now is limited and where there are businesses that might be available, I think some of that price expectations or value expectations are frankly out of line with reason and we are not poor buyers as you might know and I think also one of the things that's affected that M&A market if you are a dollar-based company and you are looking overseas exchanges definitely affecting the valuations of companies. I think when exchange is volatile and/or moving as much as it did this year, it's prudent to wait. It's prudent to wait to see values align, so in some cases we have looked at lot of things. We are always vigilant, we are always paying attention. I can't say we are aggressively hunting, but we are mindful of opportunities as they might fit our businesses or intentions, should we want to add to the business, so I would say we are opportunistically ready if it happens. We are not constrained from a financing standpoint, nor would anything we might look affect our capital allocation as it might relate to dividends or share buybacks, so we try to maintain a pretty healthy balance for our shareholders over time, obviously, very steady dividend and share buyback to return cash to our investors on a meaningful basis and if we can enhance the growth prospects of the company with something in M&A that fits what we are doing and fits our businesses, or fits our overall governing strategy, then we take a good hard look at it but if the value is not there, we don't move. I would say that in the past year here, there is only a couple of times when we have found that the value and the strategic intent of the company have lined up in those occasions both with IDEV and OptiMedica, we have moved on it. But other than that, I would say, we are cautiously surveying and not overly jumpy.
David Roman: Okay, that's very helpful perspective. Thanks, Miles.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from with Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn Novarro: Thanks, good morning guys. I had a quick question. A follow up on the gross margin. You had 55.9% in the third quarter. So great gross margin and you are calling for about 55% in the fourth quarter. And I know nutritionals are going to -
Tom Freyman: Glenn, actually that's 55.5%, I think.
Glenn Novarro: 55.5%, sorry. And I know nutritionals are going to weigh a little bit more. But are there fewer offsets in the fourth quarter? So Tom I am wondering if you can just give us the put and takes? And then as a follow up, is 55.5% a good number for the first half of next year given the nutritional issues and then strength thereafter? Thanks.
Tom Freyman: Glenn, we are not in a position to talk about '14 right now. So as we get through this year and then obviously we will talk about our guidance at the appropriate time.
Miles White: What Tom really means is we are not going to talk about '14 even if we are able to.
Tom Freyman: Yes. It is probably just some mix things between the divisions I mean every division is showing nice progress. I wouldn't read too much into that slight change in outlook and then hopefully if we continue to execute the way we did in the third quarter, maybe we will do a little bit better than that forecast. So I wouldn't read too much into it and as Miles had indicated and we have said in our remarks, many times it's a driving gross margin improvement over time. It's a major focus of the company. It has been for a number of year now and as we go into '14, obviously we are going to be pushing to drive that off. So I think we will be in good shape when we report in the fourth quarter and nothing significant in terms of what that guidance means.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. Can I just sneak in a quick one then. Absorb. I am assuming Absorb is being priced at a premium in Europe. You talked about certain ranges. Can you give us a sense of what the premium ranges are in Europe? Thanks.
Miles White: Glenn, we are trying to decide which one of us is going to answer this question.
Brian Yoor: Let me go ahead, and we talked about this before. It really depends by market. I mean certain markets are going to demonstrate different premiums versus others just where the baseline is, but I think it's really a market-by-market segmentation in terms of how we compete with our portfolio of products. But its not, again, as we know, to be a workhorse type stent and as Miles mentioned it's part of the portfolio solution along with Xpedition and the other things that we have out there, which is contributing to me for share gains, but we, by market, it would be hard to just quote an overall number. But I don't know. Miles, Tom?
Tom Freyman: Yes, I will just say a couple of things. As Miles talked about on the second quarter call, I mean our goal on this pricing is that the price is not a barrier to use and now that's kind of what supports the use of the product as a workhorse stent. So I would say, as we look at it in any one market, it's a relatively modest premium and certainly not a barrier to the use of the product.
Glenn Novarro: Is the only barrier right now reimbursement in certain countries?
Tom Freyman: No, I just think it's a matter of not all lesions lend themselves to Absorb right now. And it's a matter of physician training. Physicians need to become comfortable with it. Those that have used it quite a bit find that they can apply it to a relatively high percentage of the lesion. So those are really the two things that the commercial team continues work on in terms of increasing the uptake for the product.
Glenn Novarro: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Brian Yoor: Thank you
Operator: Thank you. Our next question come from Rick Wise with Stifel Nicolaus
Rick Wise: Good morning, Miles. Can you talk a little bit more about how the new EPD management team is settling and you touched on it a little bit? Maybe you used some language like we are taking tailored steps to drive better growth. Can you give us any more color on new team strategies or focus? Are they focused more on execution or something else? We would be very grateful for any perspective? Thank you.
Miles White: Yes. Well first of all let me address the team. We have brought a number of new people to the company from other places that have been a terrific addition in terms of their knowledge and experience. The branded generic markets around the world are all a little different country-by-country. That said, they have got a lot in common from a similarity standpoint. They are not like proprietary pharma. Among the things that we have found, at least in our own management and our own team as we separated the company, we have a lot of people in positions that are very experienced with the proprietary pharma businesses, but not so experienced with branded generic marketing which is marketing a brand, marketing broad product lines, marketing broad therapeutic categories, where a lot of your attention isn't to a given molecule. It's to a channel, to a pharmacy, to a hospital, to a consumer in a lot of cases and often so, but it's about the breadth of offering, the brands and so forth and less about a patentable advantage, so the marketing skills and the channel skills, commercial skills around that are different. We have made some changes in our marketing teams at the top, we have separated the developed markets from the emerging markets, because frankly their business structures and characteristics are quite different. The channels in the markets are quite different, the way the markets behave are different, our emerging markets don't reimburse, the developed markets do, so there is very different points of call and points that drive the business and I would say now we have got our management team much more aligned with the differences of the various markets and we have got our marketing teams better aligned with it. Frankly then, it's a question of tailoring the particular elements of our therapeutic category. There might be 10 or 12 different therapies in a category like gastrointestinal and we want to make sure we got the right mix for each given market. It could be different from country to country and that align alignment is taking us a little bit of time, but I would say we are in much stronger position now knowing exactly what the mix of products is we want by country by therapeutic category, by channel, et cetera and all of the working in concert is just taking time.
Rick Wise: In terms of the margins again, you clearly indicate you are seeing continued improvements in Diagnostics and Nutritional margin. I think am I understanding correctly that you are ahead of plan in Diagnostics, and when I think maybe Tom, when you talk about the 20% margin goal for Diagnostics and Nutrition by 2015, is that now looking possibly conservative from a timing and/or magnitude perspective? Maybe you could talk about the ramp up of manufacturing distribution facilities and where we are in all that process Tom?
Tom Freyman: Yes. I mean, the division already had quarters in that range and they are not halting their progress and their activity and I think it's fair. You characterized it pretty fairly, Rick, that we certainly think we are going to do better than that and I think if you follow the results over the next couple of quarters, you are going to see really good progress relative to that goal, so yes, it's the situation in Diagnostics. In Nutrition, obviously, with the event we are going to get a very temporary setback here until we recover. We still did expand the margin in the quarter, but a little bit short obviously of what we were targeting before the event, because we need to invest to recover, so we get a little bit of a bump in the road there, but I think within the matter of few months we will be rapidly back and continue to target that same high level of improvement in Nutrition that we have been talking about for some time, so Diagnostics, I would say ahead as you characterized it properly and Nutrition we should be right back on track in relatively short order.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Good morning. Tom, or for Miles, just a quick question on this particular recall in the Dynamics. In other - larger recalls you have seen and this is different and that it's not an Abbott quality issue and the severity of the impact is actually a little bit less, but you are actually assuming the recovery period is going to be quite similar, so can you help us understand the dynamics and whether this guidance kind as it heads into early next year, reflects any conservatives and I wonder just given the dynamics of this recall with other larger players in China, it does actually presents a long-term share opportunity of the company.
Miles White: Well, I would say this. I wish I had a crystal ball that would tell us that exactly because our experience in the past. We have had experiences in the past with whether it's been a recall or some other event that's impacted share, but what happens in the market is, mothers in China are acutely aware and acutely informed and same with Vietnam, same with frankly, I suppose, any market in the world. Mothers are acutely aware of what they feed their babies and they follow infant formula and so forth closely and with social media and other things. They are just an often informed consumer base. So when something happens that creates any kind of concern, whether it is rumor or otherwise around infant formula, it impact mother's confidence in the product or the brand. And in this particular case, the fear that was created was around botulism and as it turned out not to be valid and not to be true. It didn't turn out that there was a result that way till weeks later. We can take exception to why it took weeks and so forth and we have had those conversations but in the meantime, the mother switches to another brand. When she switches to another brand, she doesn't have a lot of incentive to switch back real fast. It is like a lot of things. The media around the negative, meaning that the fear of contamination of some sort is far greater and more intense than the media around, gee, it was a mistake. So consequently we and other companies that were affected by this find it more difficult to switch the mothers back than it is for them to have switched themselves in the first place. So we try to model what the behavior of the consumer is going to be and how we might affect that behavior to get her back, but it's frankly just more difficult. So we model it and the end result is the same, whether it was quality issue from our company or quality issue from another company or simply a rumor that wasn't the quality issue at all. At the end of the day, if the mother is in any way lacking in confidence about a brand or a product, she switches to something else and it take some time to get her back. So we have invested considerably in a number of things in marketing to rebuild consumer confidence in us, our product, our brand and to attempt to switch mothers back to us who were our consumers in the first place. You follow that model and what eventually happens is the baby moves off of infant formula to baby food and other things and you are starting with a new set of moms coming along who are at a stage where they are going to feed their infant formula and in effect you end up replacing the consumer who was affected by the adversity with new consumers and it's about rebuilding and the brand and the brand confidence. So it takes time. It's not an instantaneous recovery. And the damage tends to last a while as you cycle out the consumer who has switched away and new consumers cycle in. And that's what keeps the pace of recovery more measured than we otherwise might like it. The more immediate recovery depends on our ability to get that mother back. That depends very heavily on our customer relation management systems and so forth. So we know who that consumer is, so we can reach her through social media and other mechanisms. Unfortunately we have had this experience a few times. So we are getting better and better at it. I don't know that we are at a point where we can very reliably forecast what that recovery looks like. I would tell you that in the first week here after the event became known to the public, the initial drop off was significant and then there was a steady ramp of recovery. There was a major week long holiday in China and consumers loaded up prior to the holiday because stores would be closed. That created a blip. Then of course it drops off during the holiday. So you have got a bump in the recovery rates. So you look at the trends of the sales and it's choppy because of buying patterns affected by holidays and other things. I would say, the underlying trend in performance is encouraging but it's still going to be at a measured pace and I think we are going to need some weeks, if not a couple of months here of experience to see how our recovery is going because, frankly in some markets we can only measure data monthly. Otherwise it's anecdotal. In China, we can measure data weekly, but its only segments of the market, so we are getting partial data and a lot of anecdotal evidence about what the magnitude of loss was and what the recapture rate or recovery rate is. I would say, we have seen some encouraging things, but we need more data and time here to trend it out, so it is hard to forecast it out very far.
David Lewis: Okay, Miles. Very helpful. Maybe just a follow-up question. If I think about your statements about this Nutritional business in the beginning of the year, obviously during the year we have had this recall issue that's well understood, we have also had statements by the NDRC in China as well. If you think about structurally your Nutritional business over the next several years, do you still feel as confident in your ability to take share in China and as confident in your ability to drive margins higher? Thank you.
Miles White: Well, let me deal with the last first. I am not like in any confidence at all about the margins. I think that first of all it's a very good business and it's a very good business in China and other markets as well, so I am not concerned about that. The issue that occurred this summer for all manufacturers around pricing, I would say small bump in the road dealt with, but the bigger issue here was this recall. Now, has that changed our prospects or anything in the way we view China? China is a choppy market sometimes. I think it's big, it's very attractive. It's clear. The Chinese government has its own policies about Chinese companies and what it would like to see as. It's the evolution of its own economy and its own companies and I think you see that across a lot of businesses, a lot of different industries and so forth. Not just in for Nutrition or Medical Products and so forth. That said, China is an attractive market and it's attractive for us from a growth standpoint and from a share standpoint. It's a very, very competitive market. It's competitive among multi-nationals and it's competitive with Chinese-based companies or China-based companies with whom we compete, so I would say it's an intensely competitive market, share can move, share can change. It tends to change the most when there is some adverse event, otherwise you are in a battle everyday for share much as we would be in any consumer-like market around the world. Our prospects and our expectations of China haven't changed. Our investment profile hasn't changed. We have built a large plant in China, we intend to build more and we will build more. I suppose it's rather convenient, but we have been looking at our entire global sourcing and supply chain with regard to our Nutrition business and owing to what we believe are the growth prospects globally, China is part of that. This doesn't change it. In fact, if anything, it's pretty convenient timing that we are considering our total global sourcing strategy at this time and I would say, if anything that helps us focus on what the answers to that might be, so, while China will from time-to-time, as any emerging market maybe from time-to-time, be choppy, I would say collectively the emerging markets overall are pretty attractive opportunity. As we have said before, you have got to be in more than few of them, so that you can balance and mitigate the adversity in any one of them at any given point in time. I can't recall a year when we didn't have some developing market have a problem whether it was a devaluation or supply problem or something. Foreign exchange issue, whatever the case maybe, there has always been a problem somewhere and there has been over performance somewhere else. I think collectively, the emerging markets represent an awful lot of growth and an awful lot of development. To the extent that you can balance a portfolio of businesses and geographies across them, there is a tremendous growth opportunity there for companies to participate in. If you over index in any give place like at China, then your trip is going to be a little rockier. In our case China, is big opportunity, but all of our businesses have somewhere between 8 and 14 markets that they have targeted as primary growth opportunities to balance that potential choppiness from time-to-time. Unfortunately, the investor will read the media about given one of them and I think that looks volatile to investors and if you are only in that country it might be, but we are pretty well diversified across them. This is a really good example. This was a fairly significant hit but we have been able to absorb it. I wouldn't want to have to absorb this very often, but the point is, with the diversity we have in product line, geographies et cetera, we were able to absorb this, navigate it and keep right ongoing. So I would say, that's a plus. If you are going to participate in these kinds of growth markets and access the growth that's there, then you have got to have enough breadth to manage that volatility from time-to-time and we do.
David Lewis: Okay, thank you very much
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Holford with Jefferies.
Jeff Holford: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So just firstly on nutrition. What kind of confidence do you have in some of those outer year revenue guidance ranges that you talked about in the $9 billion to $10 billion range for 2015. Does the recent impact of the recall in China impact that aspiration at all? Secondly, do you think there could be any positive structural tax benefits for you going in to 2014? Which is the closer rate to think about, is it more like 21%, more like 19%.? Then just on the buyback. You made some helpful commentary, but could you just be a bit clearer. Would your intention to be to actually reduce the net share count for the company or just a more or less offset employee stock options? Then just lastly. Consensus margins call for flat margins basically between 2014 to 2016. Obviously that's calling for maturation of the margins and a topping out of the underlying efficiency gains. Would you be disappointed with flat margins, the EBIT level between 2014 and 2016? Do you think you can do better? Thank you.
Brian Yoor: Well, you got all that done in one breath. Let me see if I can run back through all that. Margins, for starters. I haven't looked at what the consensus is across the analyst community. But I would tell you that it depends an awful lot on what happens with exchange for starters and what happens in general in the economies of the world. So I would say, as a company we expect to improve our margins and I have great confidence in that. That said, actions taken from time to time either by governments on pricing or exchange or other things do affect margins one way or the other and that is less predictable for us, of course, but had we not had the progress we have had in our own operational margin improvements and G&A margin improvements we wouldn't have been able to absorb those for our investors and we have and still improved margin in spite of that. So I would tell you that as a baseline, in terms of margin improvement, I would expect us to continue to improve margin. What I can't predict for you is the external factors that might impact it. Tax rate. In 2014, Tom?
Tom Freyman: Just like all of the guidance type questions, we will cover that at the appropriate time in the future. Obviously as I indicated in my remarks, we expect this rate to continue through the fourth quarter and to be our rate for the full year '13 and we will see how it trends as we go into 2014?
Brian Yoor: You better to be clear which rate you are talking about. This quarter's rate is not a fourth quarter rate.
Tom Freyman: Right. The 19% rate that we have in the year-to-date third quarter and the 19% we predict for the fourth quarter, 19% for the full year is how we are going to finish '13, we believe and we will see how we trend into '14 as we finalize all our planning activities on '14.
Miles White: Yes, we are careful Jeff, not to give guidance in pieces. I know that a lot of you want a build models for 2014 but we don't talk in terms of payout ratio and dividends, we don't talk about some of these elements because everybody will be backing into some earnings estimate for next year which we are not prepared to talk about yet. I want to see how some of this trending is going to come in the fourth quarter. Our goal is always double-digit. So that part is fairly straight forward. You could start there every year but how the elements will come together is still to be seen. Now I have got to back up, and remember, the other early parts of your question. Growth in the nutrition over the long-term here. The goals in terms of revenue growth in nutrition haven't changed. What I can tell you is what the recall in Southeast Asia will do at least in the near term. I think I know what's it going to do and I think I know how we are going to recover from it and I think I can project that to some degree but frankly it was a setback. So it has probably cost us some time, but I wouldn't say it is going to cost us longer term. The revenue we aspire to or the share we aspire to et cetera, it's a just a question of time and the pace at which we can recover it, so I think there is kind of a finite magnitude of its impact on us and we then grow beyond it. I would say our revenue aspirations haven't changed, whether we got the timing just right or not, unclear. What I want to be careful about doing is, giving you a specific number for 2015, because I don't know what that number ought to be exactly, so full transitory that way, but in terms of general growth rate here and general trending I would say our aspirations for the Nutrition business haven't changed. Then finally, you asked about buybacks. Tom?
Tom Freyman: Yes. I mean, we have continued to be a company that buys back shares most years, virtually every year. We have been pretty active this year continuing to buyback probably in the $1. 5 billion range.
Jeff Holford: Question was specifically though around what we were just trying to offsets options and stock comps versus share count and frankly at a minimum we do. The employee grants and so forth and generally share count has gone down.
Tom Freyman: Right. Obviously, the baseline would be the dilution impacts, so we have been pretty opportunistic to increase beyond that. Like the other questions, we will see how we do in 2014, but have a substantial authorization in place, I think over 2.6 billion remaining on that authorization, so we have plenty of room to continue to buy back shares as we see appropriate.
Miles White: We don't like share count to go up, actually we like it to go down. We have got one more call in the queue please? One more question?
Operator: Yes. Okay. Our final question comes from Kristen Stewart with Deutsche Bank.
Kristen Stewart: Thanks for taking the question. Miles, I was just wondering if you could give us an update on your thinking within kind of the medical product side, specifically within devices. A lot of companies within the space have been talking more and more about the increased importance of being really deep and broad across product line, so I am just wondering how you are feeling with the Vascular business and to what extent going forward, do you think you need to be more broadly in cardiovascular to really be successful there. Then also kind of your thoughts on how to position the Diabetes business, whether that might be another opportunity for you to expand as well?
Miles White: Okay. First, let me take the Cardiovascular Device business. We have a desire to be broader, I suppose like everybody else does. I think the timing in the categories you are broader in depends on your strategy and it depends on how you want to get there, so I would say our acquisition of IDEV was in a category, where we wanted to be broader. No question about it. That was an attractive opportunity for us. We always have a pipeline of opportunities that we are tracking, some of which we have equity investments in and participate either passively or indirectly in and others more directly, so I think it's kind of question of when those opportunities ripen and when the right time is to bring them into the portfolio if we do that. I would say, we are always looking to broaden the device businesses and we are always looking for innovation beyond our own. That said, I think it depends on the timing. There's a lot times in the Device business that companies will go out and invest in a lot of things early and it will take four, five, six years for something to develop. We have made equity investments early, but we tend to wait until we can see the whites of its eyes before we are ready to move more substantially on an investment. We can tell it's coming to commercial fruition, so I would say we definitely continue to have aspirations for breadth that way. That would be true of our Medical Optics business as well. Turning to Diabetes Care, lot of change going on in that market right now and I would say that in particular in the U.S. with the competitive bidding and so forth. If you track the few competitors in this space and their responses to that and compare our various performances, you will see that there has definitely been an impact on the Diabetes Care business dramatically for some relative to others, less impactful on us. Our strategy has been different there than some of our competitors. And I think we have held share and revenues very well. Longer term. The strategy, at least for us, is a focus on very innovative family of products coming in our R&D pipeline that we have alluded to in the past and are beginning to emerge now, I think are beginning to get some visibility now in terms of continuous testing and so forth that I think will be game changing and very well received by the market. That's very different than the base core business today. But we have actually great expectations and aspirations about that. And we think we are in a position here that others are not in, at least in this particular category. So we have got great hopes for what our R&D people are coming with. As I said, it's beginning to show and as the next 12 months or so progress, you will start to see more of that.
Kristen Stewart: With the continuous testing, is that just expanding or I guess some sort of Navigator iteration?
Tom Freyman: Well I would say, it captures some of the intent of Navigator but in a very different way. So I think it's meant to address the frequent tester, the insulin dependent tester and the person who clearly wants easy but a frequent continuous monitoring instantaneously and in a different way, somewhat different way than Navigator but it's clearly met to address those who were Navigator users and others and frankly on top of that.
Kristen Stewart: Just last question, I guess. Would you also be looking to expand beyond the existing kind of businesses that you are in within devices or just deepening across more adjacencies?
Tom Freyman: Well, you know, I just never kind of forecast that. It's always possible because we look for businesses that have characteristics or criteria that are consistent with the characteristics in our portfolio, and it depends to some degree on whether those businesses have an advantage being part of Abbott or we can do better with it than what we see it doing standalone or as part of somebody else. So I would say first priority is always related strategic fit with our existing businesses but in some cases it might be a new category. Although today I could tell you, I am not focused on something that's not part of Abbott now.
Kristen Stewart: Okay. Thanks very much.
Tom Freyman: Okay, thank you.
Miles White: All right.
Brian Yoor: Thank you, Lisa. Thank you for all your questions and that concludes Abbott's conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11 A.M. Central Time today, on Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbotinvestor.com and after 11 A.M. Central Time via telephone at 203-369-0228, pass code 3871. The audio replay will be available until 4 P.M. Central Time on Wednesday, October 30. Thank you for joining us today
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-17 17:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participant's questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Brian Yoor, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Brian Yoor: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom, and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today maybe forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2013. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are disclosed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Thanks, Brian. Good morning. This morning we reported ongoing earnings per share of $0.46, exceeding our previous guidance range and we are confirming our full year 2013 EPS outlook for double digit growth. Sales increased more than 4% operationally, led by continued strong performance in emerging markets as well as Diagnostics and Nutrition. Abbott continues to deliver on its expectations despite the recent depreciation of several foreign currencies and a mixed global economy. Before I comment on our results, let me address at a high level some of these dynamics. Our earnings performance was strong despite a more negative impact from foreign currency than we had forecasted in April. As you know, the yen depreciated further over the last few months and was the primary driver of unfavorable exchange. Several emerging market currencies also weakened late in the second quarter. This resulted in an unfavorable exchange impact on sales of 1.7%, more than our forecast of 1%. The underlying fundamentals are good however, especially around gross margin improvement and expense management, which all are progressing ahead of schedule. As we look at total company's sales, our results were strong in our growth markets and in line with our expectations in developed markets. Sales in developed markets declined about 1% in foreign exchange, which was less of a decline than we saw in the first quarter. Our businesses in these markets are generally more subject to reimbursement and austerity pressures. However, in Diagnostics, one of our most durable growth businesses, sales in developed markets increased 3% for exchange. While these markets continue to be challenging, we do expect better performance in the second half. Emerging market sales were $2.3 billion this quarter, increasing 13% before exchange similar to our first quarter growth rate. We built a broad emerging market base that helps to offset volatility that can occur in any one market. With more than 40% of our business in emerging markets, we are well positioned to benefit from the long-term demographic and economic trends that are taking place. While we can't perfectly predict the macro environment, we can manage our business to deliver durable and reliable results for shareholders. We've done that consistently for years and we are able to do that, because we have flexibility. We plan for contingencies and we often times drive outperformance in other areas of our business. This quarter, we exceeded our gross margin forecast of 54.5%, delivering gross margin of 55% as a result of continued progress on our margin improvement initiatives. We now expect our full year gross margin to exceed our original guidance. This was the result of continued momentum from margin improvement in Nutrition and Diagnostics, where we are ahead of our initial targets. With that as context, I'll provide a high level high-level review of our four business segments before Tom and Brian comment on the details of the quarter. The Medical Devices second quarter performance was in line with our expectations, driven by mid-single digit international growth across vascular, diabetes care and vision care, and as expected, global vascular results improved sequentially, compared to first quarter. We've seen good momentum for many of our recent medical product launches, including OptiBlue cataract IOL in Japan, as well as ABSORB, MitraClip and XIENCE Xpedition expedition, which received approval in Japan last week. On Monday, we also announced two acquisitions, IDEV which expands our endovascular product portfolio, and OptiMedica, which gives us an immediate entry point into the laser cataract surgery market. While organic growth remains our top priority, these acquisitions bring Abbott leading technologies to capitalize on growth opportunities. IDEV's SUPERA stent is on the market in Europe and under FDA review to address the challenges of treating the superficial femoral artery or SFA. Treatment of the SFA is the largest and fastest-growing segment of the peripheral market driven by the rising rates of diabetes and obesity. This acquisition rounds out our endovascular portfolio with the best-in-class technology to further penetrate this market segment. Our endovascular business is approaching $500 million in annual sales and increased 4% operationally this quarter. OptiMedica's state-of-the-art laser system provides Abbott access to the rapidly developing laser cataract surgery market. Most cataract procedures are performed manually today, but a growing portion of the cataract market is moving to a laser-assisted surgery, especially as the market shifts to premium IOLs. The acquisition of OptiMedica will allow Abbott to have broader reach in the growing cataract segment, cataract sales represent more than 60% of our vision care sales and this quarter increased in the high-single digits as we build momentum with several new products that launched in the first half of this year. We expect to complete both of these acquisitions before year end. In Nutrition, worldwide sales increased 8.5% with equally strong performance in both, pediatric and adult nutrition. International sales increased 18.5%, driven by strong double-digit growth in emerging markets. We have broad reach around the world and have prioritized a group of markets, where we are expanding our footprint. This includes localizing R&D and building out local manufacturing. Our three new facilities in China, India, and U.S. remain on track to come online later this year or early next year. Abbott's scientific heritage and new product development is critical to our success and leadership in the Nutrition market. As I mentioned last quarter, we are on track for approximately 70 new product launches this year and have completed more than 40 through the first half. It's not only new products but the world of clinical data that allow us to grow, to shape and further penetrate these markets. For example in our Adult Nutrition business, results from a health economic study announced last month demonstrates that supplementing with Oral Nutrition such as Ensure can decrease hospital length of stay, reduce hospitalization costs, and readmission rates. With healthcare systems facing unprecedented budget pressures and challenges, these results are encouraging and represent an opportunity in both developed and emerging markets. Nutrition operating margin also increased significantly again this quarter and we are on track to exceed 300 basis points of expansion for the full year. Our initial target of 20% is well within our reach and we intend to continue to look at ways to exceed that goal. In our established pharmaceuticals division, sales were below our expectations. Global economic growth forecasts are lower than when we began the year. Last week the IMF reduced its growth outlook driven by lower growth expectations in Europe and emerging markets, and while we are seeing some impact from these market developments, we also need to improve our commercial execution. To that point, we recently created two new commercial leadership positions that have separate responsibility for emerging and developed markets. This will sharpen our focus on the very different market specific needs in this business and enable us to achieve the growth targets that we have set. We have some work to do to improve how we promote the Abbott brand through various channels, whether at hospitals, pharmacies, or the consumer. We are continuing to build our product portfolios through registrations targeted for specific markets, and geographically we will see a shift in sales to more high growth emerging markets from 60% today to 75% over the next several years, which will also accelerate growth. While we continue to expect EPD sales growth to pick up in the second half, we now have more modest expectations for the pace of that acceleration. We are positive about the growth prospects for EPD and its strategy as we move forward. We obviously have some things to do here. Diagnostics continues to deliver on its expectations with worldwide sales up 7.5%. Sales in emerging markets, which represent 35% of total diagnostics sales, were up more than 15% in the quarter. This was led by Core Laboratory Diagnostics, where we continue to outpace market growth in our priority markets; China, Brazil, and Russia. In Molecular Diagnostics, we returned to double-digit growth in the second quarter with sales up 13%. In June, we also launched the first FDA-approved Hepatitis C genotype test, which allows physicians to match patients to the best treatment option based on their genotype. This is especially important as patients will benefit from many new pharmaceutical treatments over the next few years. The Diagnostics operating margin also came in ahead of our expectations as we continue to execute on our gross margin improvement plan. Despite the R&D investment we have been making for six new system platforms across our three diagnostics businesses, we are well ahead of schedule to reach our initial operating margin target of 20%. In summary, despite currency headwinds, our performance exceeded expectations. We are executing on our strategic priorities and confirmed our double-digit EPS growth target for the full year. I will now turn the call over to Tom to review our second quarter results and the 2013 outlook in more detail. Tom?
Thomas Freyman: Thanks, Miles. Today, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share for the second quarter of $0.46, exceeding our previous guidance range. Sales for the quarter increased more than 4% on an operational basis, that is excluding an unfavorable impact of 1.7% from foreign exchange. The impact of foreign exchange on sales was 70 basis points more unfavorable in the quarter than the estimate we provided in April, reflecting further depreciation of the Japanese Yen, and weakening of several emerging market currencies late in the quarter. Operational sales growth was driven by strong performance across a number of our products and businesses, including growth of more than 13% in emerging markets. Reported sales, which include the impact of exchange, increased 2.5% in the quarter. The second quarter adjusted gross margin ratio was 55%, ahead of our previous guidance due to the impact of margin improvement initiatives in our Nutrition and Diagnostics businesses as well as a lower headwind from exchange relative to previous expectations. In the quarter, ongoing R&D investment was 6.5% of sales in line with previous expectations and ongoing SG&A was around 31% of sales, somewhat lower than previous expectations. Turning to our outlook for the full-year 2013. Today, we are confirming our ongoing earnings per share guidance of $1.98 to $2.04, which reflects double-digit growth over 2012 at the mid-point of the range. We're forecasting operational sales growth, that is excluding the impact of foreign exchange, in the mid-to-high single digits for the second half of the year. Based on current exchange rates, we expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 2.5% on our full-year reported sales, which was 1.5% more negative than previous expectations. At current rates, we would expect a 3% negative impact on sales in the third quarter and 4% in the fourth. Brian will review the growth outlooks by business in a few minutes. We forecast an ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio for the full year of approximately 55.5%, which is favorable to our previous guidance, primarily due to strong performance in Nutrition and Diagnostics as these businesses continue to execute well on margin improvement initiatives. We also continue to forecast ongoing R&D of 6% to 7% of sales and ongoing SG&A expense somewhat above 30% of sales for the full-year 2013. Overall, we project our full year adjusted operating margin to expand by more than 100 basis points in 2013, somewhat above our previous guidance. We continue to forecast net interest expense of around $110 million in 2013, non-operating income of approximately $20 million and around $50 million of expense on the exchange gain-loss line of the P&L. Turning to the outlook for the third quarter of 2013, which we are providing for the first time, we are forecasting ongoing earnings per share of $0.51 to $0.53, which would represent strong double-digit growth at the mid-point of the range. We forecast specified items of $0.20 in the third quarter, primarily associated with intangible amortization expense and cost reduction initiatives resulting in GAAP EPS guidance of $0.31 to $0.33. Our operational sales growth in the third quarter is expected to be in the mid-to-high single digits. And, as previously indicated, at current exchange rates, we expect roughly 3% negative impact from exchange on sales in the fourth quarter. This would result in reported sales growth in the low-to-mid single digits. We forecast an ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 55.5% of sales in the third quarter, which includes a negative impact from exchange of somewhat more than 1%. We also forecast ongoing R&D for the third quarter somewhat about 6.5% of sales ongoing SG&A expense of around 30% of sales and non-operating income of around $50 million. With that, I will turn it over to Brian for the operating highlights by business.
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Tom. This morning I'll provide an overview of second quarter performance and our outlook for the third quarter. My comments will focus on operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. I'll first discuss Medical Devices, which includes our vascular, diabetes care vision care businesses. In our Vascular business, worldwide sales were flat on an operational basis, a step up than first quarter performance and consistent with previous guidance. International sales, which comprised more than 60% of total Vascular sales, increased 4% operationally. Growth was driven by new product, including our XIENCE PRIME, small vessels stent in Japan, XIENCE Xpedition, ABSORB and MitraClip. Last week, we announced the approval of XIENCE Xpedition in Japan, which we expect to drive further share gains. This approval follow the initiation of our ABSORB randomized clinical trial in Japan, reaffirming Abbott's commitment to developing truly innovative treatment options for coronary artery disease. U.S. vascular sales in the second quarter were down nearly 7%, impacted by market declines, partially offset by year-over-year share gains as a result of the XIENCE Xpedition launch. For the third quarter of 2013, we expect our global vascular business to increase in the low-single digits on an operational basis. We expect to improve our performance in the second half of the year with the uptake of XIENCE Xpedition in the U.S. and Japan, and continue penetration of our new products MitraClip and ABSORB. In Diabetes Care, global sales in the second quarter were relatively flat in line with our expectations. International sales growth of 4% was driven by double-digit growth in the emerging markets, as well as the continued uptake of our FreeStyle InsuLinx Meter. Abbott was recently selected as the exclusive supplier for the National Diabetes Awareness Program in Saudi Arabia, a country where 40% of the population has diabetes today. In the U.S., we saw continued share gains in the hospital and retail segments, where Abbott maintains its leadership position, offset by market pricing and reimbursement pressures. We continue to invest in the next-generation sensing technology which we expect to initially bring to market in Europe in the second half of 2014. We project third quarter diabetes care sales growth to be relatively flat on an operational basis. As we have previously discussed, while we are forecasting strong growth in emerging markets, the 2013 implementation of CMS competitive bidding for Medicare patients will impact our U.S. sales this year. In Vision Care, global operational sales increased approximately 2% in the second quarter. Cataract sales, which represent about 60% of our global vision care sales, continued to outpace the market in the quarter led by strong double-digit growth in emerging markets and our TECNIS brand of intraocular lenses. We expect to see continued growth in our cataract business driven by several important new product launches this year. This includes the recent launch of TECNIS OptiBlue in Japan, which provides Abbott access to the largest segment of the Japan market and TECNIS Toric in the U.S. which gives Abbott access to the faster growing premium segment of the IOL market. The anticipated launch TECNIS Preloaded IOL in the U.S. will also contribute to accelerated growth in the second half of the year. For the third quarter, in our global vision care business, we expect mid-single-digit operational sales growth, an improvement versus first half of the year as we continue to drive cataract growth with new launches and execute in emerging markets. In Nutrition, global sales increased 8.4% in the second quarter on an operational basis. International nutrition sales grew 18.4% in the quarter, including strong double-digit growth in emerging markets, which now comprise more than 45% of total nutrition sales. Global pediatric nutrition sales grew 9% operationally in the quarter. International pediatric sales grew 19% as we continue to execute on a number of geographic expansion initiatives and launch new product innovations including the global rollout of our specialty tolerance formula products. U.S. pediatric sales were down modestly largely due to lower infant formula share in the WIC segment. Abbott remains the market leader in non-WIC segment of the U.S. infant formula market. Global adult nutrition sales was comprised nearly 45% of total nutrition sales increased 7% operationally in the quarter. International adult sales grew 17%, driven by strong growth of Ensure and execution in market expansion initiatives. U.S. adult nutrition sales were negatively impacted this quarter by the exit from certain non-core business lines as part of our margin improvement initiative. Excluding the impact of these exits, U.S. adult sales grew low single-digit. As Miles mentioned earlier, a recent health economic study published in The American Journal of Managed Care found that nutritional supplementation in the hospital setting decreased hospital length of stay and total episode cost by more than 20% and reduced the likelihood of being readmitted to hospital within 30 days by nearly 7%. As the clear global leader in adult nutrition, we are working to expand the market by raising awareness of the role that proper nutrition can play in improving patient outcomes and reducing healthcare costs. As we look ahead to the third quarter, we expect our global nutrition business to grow double digits on an operational basis with strong international sales growth led by emerging markets and continued uptake of recently launched products. In our established pharmaceutical business or EPD, sales in the quarter were flat on an operational basis as growth in emerging markets was offset by decline in the developed markets. We continue to expand our presence and build local portfolios in 14 key emerging markets. Sales in these markets grew approximately 4.5% in the quarter and was somewhat negatively impacted by timing of product deliveries in certain markets, as well as implementation of the drug price control order in India which caused some delays in customer purchase late in the quarter. We expect growth in our 14 key emerging markets to improve in the second half of the year with strong growth in a number of emerging countries, including Brazil and India. As expected, growth in other markets which includes Western Europe and Japan, was negatively impacted by overall macroeconomic conditions in these countries, including European austerity measures. In the third quarter, we expect low single-digit operational sales growth from our established pharmaceuticals' business as we see improving growth in emerging markets due to portfolio expansion and execution of recent tender wins. Lastly, in our Diagnostics businesses, Core Lab diagnostics continued its durable growth with operational sales increasing 6% in the quarter. About 80% of our core laboratory diagnostics sales are generated outside the U.S., where we saw more than 8% operational growth in the quarter. Sales in emerging markets increased double digits, led by China and Russia, both growing more than 30%. In Molecular Diagnostics, worldwide sales increased 13% on an operational basis in the second quarter, in line with our expectations for accelerated growth versus the first quarter. International sales increased nearly 18% on an operational basis, led by strong infectious disease growth, particularly in emerging markets driven by the impact of new tenders, as well as the continued global expansion of our ALK gene test for non-small-cell lung cancer. In June, we received approval for the first FDA approved hepatitis C virus genotyping test in the U.S., which will enable physicians to create a personalized, targeted diagnosis and treatment path to improve clinical outcomes, further expanding Abbott's diagnostic testing options in infectious disease area. In Point of Care Diagnostics, worldwide sales increased 15.5% on an operational basis, driven by continued growth in the U.S. Hospital segment, further penetration in the U.S. physician office labs and strong double-digit growth in emerging markets. For the third quarter, we are forecasting our global diagnostics business segment to generate high single-digit operational sales growth driven by continued strong double-digit growth in molecular and Point of Care Diagnostics, and mid-to-high single-digit growth in core labs. So, in summary, we are pleased with our financial performance through the first half of the year. We delivered earnings per share in the second quarter that exceeded our previous guidance range. And, despite a challenging global economy and recent fluctuations in currencies, we are confirming our 2013 ongoing EPS guidance. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Let me start with a couple of questions for Miles. Can you hear me okay?
Miles White: I hear you fine.
Larry Biegelsen: So, Miles, how do you view the broader macroeconomic conditions and dynamics, both in the developed world as well as the emerging markets, including the impact of currency and maybe some color on how this impacts Abbott and your performance in the quarter and beyond?
Miles White: Well, I will take the macro environment first. I think whenever the economies of the world, wherever they may be go into some recession or phase into some kind of adversity, at least as businesses and investors look at it, I think the natural tendency is to always forecast they are going to recover faster than they do. They recover gradually, and I think that's what we are going to see here. I mean, I think, if you look back over the last few years and listen to all involve the pundits and analysts and everybody else talk about the macro environment and the pace of recovery and so forth, I think, optimism and hope and so forth have driven a lot of wishful thinking that it is going to happen faster than it does, but frankly the problems of Europe or even the U.S. have been more serious and deep. They don't recover that fast, so that rolls through to markets and it obviously rolls through to emerging markets too, because they are so integral to now the global economy. So, I guess I would look at it and say I think it is all getting better. I think it is going to get better, but it's going to be at a measured pace, and I don't think it's going to just suddenly be better and sometimes the trading in the market for the Dow everyday certainly doesn't reflect that. We have great days of exuberance and others days that aren't so exuberant, but. overall I think it's pretty steady. Now, as I have said in the past, there's a pretty big difference here and we can see it in our business between, call it, emerging markets and very developed economies. You take the U.S., Europe, Japan, Canada, et cetera as the developed markets and call the rest of the world evolving or emerging growth markets. There is a big difference here. We can see it in our various businesses as we look down the list of our businesses and we look at developed market growth and emerging market growth, it's dramatic. It's consistent. It's consistent for us except for one business and that one business is a pretty good measure of market health and market performance and that would be our branded generic drug business where it's frankly more our performance than anything else of our own execution. So we look at those businesses and in almost every case, the performance in emerging markets is either very high-single digit or frankly really healthy robust double-digit growth, and if you look across the developed markets, it's at best, single-digit and in a lot of cases, flat and declining. I think we are in a phase where those developed markets are absorbing all the austerity measures and other things that they had to absorb. So, there is a pretty dramatic barbell here between the robustness of emerging markets and the sluggishness of developed markets and we happen to be indexed in both, I think thats a good thing, and we are broadly represented in the emerging markets. As I said a couple of times, a bad day in emerging markets is a lot better than a good day in developed markets often. While those developed markets are very important to us and we have a lot of share, a lot of customers and frankly, make a lot of profit there, as far as growth goes, the emerging markets are more robust. They are volatile sometimes, which is why it is good to be in a broad cross-section of them and not over indexed in a couple, and we are. We are very broadly represented across these markets and in a broad group of businesses. So I would tell you, every day there is something concerning some market, some country somewhere, but overall in the kind of the market basketball, that is a pretty strong overall economic picture and performance that I think has great long-term longevity. Now, having said that, it translates this volatility in currency too. As a lot of these countries become a bigger part of our sales or other multinational sales, we are adjusting to less obsession about the Euro and a lot moresession about a whole basket of currencies that arent nearly as predictable and often arent as widely traded and so forth. So, this year, the Yen has been a significant driver of negative currency, as I think is understood by all of our investors and shareholders and analysts and yourself and so on. In addition, some of the more or larger emerging markets like the BRICs have also contributed lately to that, but I have to say this year it is pretty much dominated by the Yen. So, in any given year, its a different currency that could impact our sales, and because the company is 70% or more international, thats something that we have to expect to manage and navigate all the time. I would tell you that our shareholders and investors dont expect to ride that curve with us, they expect us to manage that for them and manage the overall durable performance of the company, and we do and as we are this year.
Larry Biegelsen: It's helpful. Just one follow-up for you, Miles. So your performance in nutrition continues to be strong, particularly in emerging markets. How should we think about the dynamics taking place in China around the infant formula market? Secondly, the sustainability of the extremely high growth this quarter for adult nutrition outside the U.S.? Thanks.
Miles White: I would say it is, theres anomalies all the time in comparisons and so forth in any given segment of our business, but I would tell you that the demographics and the underlying market factors around our adult nutrition business are all good and they are all positive. While I would never even let myself think that some extremely robust growth rate is sustainable indefinitely, I would tell you that the growth rate of our nutrition business internationally, I think, is pretty sustainable for a long time because all the underlying demographics, whether the adult and pediatric business are all pretty good right now and I think for the foreseeable future. With regard to the China, I would say I think most investors and most observers understand what's going on here, what's happening here. The government is stepping in to say this market, perhaps, has become a little too robust in a number ways and one might even speculate to the disadvantage of Chinese companies, and I think the government has been clear that it wants to improve it's dairy industry and improve the circumstances in that market. As you know they had some issue several years ago with the quality of dairy product and so forth, and you got to admire the fact that they make it a point to say, "Hey, we're going to pay attention to this." And at the same time, they are paying attention to how these markets are developing. I mean, they are looking at not only Nutrition, they are looking at pharmaceuticals, they are looking at packaging companies. They are looking at a number of things. I think, China is an unbelievably impressive country, and I think it's an impressive government that's managed its economic development incredibly well. I think, this is a small piece of that. In fact in almost any way, you kind of look at it and say, off all things you think that the government would pay attention to, infant formula wouldn't make the top of most industries or businesses or list, but in this case along with pharmaceuticals, packaging, and a number of other industry segments, it did. So, I think, we can manage this, I guess, is the way I would put it. My sense of prospects for the Chinese market haven't changed, opportunity remains strong, opportunity remains robust. I think all the companies that have been mentioned as part of this investigation, have all responded very cooperatively to the Chinese government. I don't know that from talking to anybody, but I have read the press reports and so forth. I know that we've cooperated with their investigation and this too shall pass and I think the market dynamics remain robust. Fortunately for us, China does not represent a disproportionately large portion of our Nutrition business or even our pediatric nutrition business. It's a big business for us there and we are big there, but we are so broad across so many countries that it does not disproportionately impact our performance, so our prospects and forecasts haven't changed, our EPS forecast haven't changed. We've obviously modeled all that in great detail to the degree that we can. And to the extent that there is any impact on us financially, we believe it is manageable in other ways.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Good morning. Miles, just a quick question on (Inaudible). It probably was the only business this morning that is performing, that's not a point at or above expectations and I wondered if just give us a sense of whether that you think that is more developed market pressure. Is that more just Abbott's delays with emerging market registrations and I think over the last three to four months a lot of your peers saying this is not a particularly interesting business and maybe you can just comment in terms of the quarter and your views have they changed at all about the ability to drive growth in this segment?
Miles White: I would tell you my over views haven't changed at all. I am glad our peers don't think it's interesting, because we don't need no peers. There's plenty of competition in these markets today. I think these markets are developing exactly as we forecasted and I think the opportunity is what we forecasted. I think the biggest distinction here, and I don't think it's very well understood by a lot of people is that the branded generic pharmaceutical businesses around the world are different than commodity pharmaceutical or generic pharmaceuticals and they are very different than proprietary research based pharmaceuticals. And, I think one of the execution issues we've had is more of a cultural or philosophical business approach issue, because we have been so dominated by our research-based pharmaceutical business in the past. You have a business mindset around how you execute against that business and I think it's one of the reasons why few companies have succeeded at having proprietary pharmaceutical businesses and generic pharmaceutical businesses in the same company and I have said in the past I admired them to sell off or be one of the first pioneers of that at Novartis, but we separated them into Novartis and Sandoz and I think rightly so, because the way you operate those businesses the whole marketing approach is just very different. If I had to say there is one particular thing that has been a shortcoming for us, I think we or our management team have approached this too much like proprietary pharmaceutical and not enough like the different kind of business that it is. This is a business that's very consumer-facing in a lot of countries very brand-dependent, very product line-dependent, meaning breadth of product line and so forth. It's very different game. And, I don't think we have made that transition yet as well as we should happen and I think that's where we would diagnose ourselves as not having executed as well as we should have. Part of that's registration timing, part of it's the mix of product therapeutic areas and so forth, available, part of it's just our own knowledge and expertise in those areas. So we have separated the markets into two big segments but the fact of the matter is that the countries are all quite different. In any case, the developed markets have common characteristics, emerging markets have common characteristics and we have got to do a much better job of making the adjustment to a branded generic pharmaceutical business. I would say that while a lot of our peers dont view this as attractive, there are some of our peers who do and I think we know who our longer term competitors are and who they will be. We think the opportunity is robust. We think we are underperforming and by any measure whether we look at competitor performance, our performance, market performance, share, et cetera, we are underperforming. It pains me to say it but we are. The good news in that is, I think we can change that and we are taking the steps to change that. So I think our development of this business is going slower than I might like and it sticks out like a sore thumb relative to everything else but nevertheless, expectations of the business and what I think it could do for us remains the same. Its a very profitable business. Gross margins in the close to 60% range. So its a very attractive business, I think, executed like. There hasnt been a long historic track record in these markets in this kind of a business as we have developed. So there is a lot of pioneering going on here and pioneering by us and Santa Fe and some other great companies that I think understand these markets and are all trying to position themselves properly for the growth of these healthcare systems. So I remain pretty enthusiastic about it. You asked me about developed markets and I would tell you, that part of this business is declining and it is experiencing all the same pressures that all the businesses in Europe are. Europe, in particular, is tougher with generic products, whether branded or commodity or otherwise and so we are certainly experiencing that too. If there is any part this I am most disappointed about, it's our performance in the emerging side. I expect what's happening in the developed side to keep being that way for a while. I think we can mitigate that to some degree too. But the bigger issues here for us is how we are doing in the emerging markets.
David Lewis: Miles, thats very, very helpful. Then just maybe a quick follow-up. Either persistent investor, a question (inaudible), in order for Abbott to transform their growth there seems to be the view that you need transformational acquisitions and I guess in your guidance, the mid to upper single-digit growth in the back half of the year which is ahead of your peers, you could choose small incremental deals. So, can you talk to us about the deals that you have done in the last June in recent days, is that more indicative of the kind of deals that we should see and does Abbott need, frankly a larger multibillion-dollar transaction to transform the growth rate?
Miles White: I love the question. If you watch me or us over the last 10 to 15 years, one thing I think you can consistently say is I have never forecasted to anybody what we are doing or what we are looking at or whether you can expect us to be interested in M&A activity. So, I am going to waffle here and not give you a clue. I wouldnt want to indicate that there is a trend here of what we are interested in any way, shape or form. I would tell you that I always remain vigilant and watchful about what opportunities may exist for us from a lot of perspectives, both conventional and unconventional and you have seen that over 10 to 12 years. There are times when smaller, what you call bolt-on or whatever supplemental acquisitions fit, and they enhance the given business, then there is other times you make a bigger move. Whatever it is, the timing of those moves tend to be driven by opportunity, valuation, circumstances in the markets and so forth. One of the things that I think has been a hallmark of our success, at least on the M&A side, it has been that we have done a lot of study, we followed businesses, we follow the market, and follow various things that we are interested in the target for a long time, done a lot of due diligence and so forth and by the time the opportunity drifts into the radar screen in the right way, with the right stars aligned and circumstances, we generally are pretty ready with a fairly well-developed point of view on valuation and so on and will act on the opportunity. The problem is, you can't always predict when thats going to be. We can't predict it any better than you can so we can certainly can't forecast it to you, but if you ask me, is there a set of opportunities that we are always watching or always looking for, that might be enhancing the business, the answer is yes. As I have said many times in the past, I am mindful that investors are not looking for things that dilute the current performance of the company and it's also a hurdle for us that we have to know we are going to do with the business and do better with it if we own it and earn and incremental positive return for the investor over and above what it might do standalone. I will tell you there is a number of things we've looked at out there, where I think valuations are just out of this world stratospheric and unrealistic, and that we've walked away from a lot of things, because we thought valuations were unrealistically high, or expectations were unrealistically high and I don't think there's a particularly robust, shall we say, opportunity set out there in a number of fields today. There might be a lot of things for sale, but they may not be for sale at a reasonable valuation and I think investors who are interested in that sort of part of us should know, we are careful buyers. We buy when it make sense and when it adds to our business and when we can meet our criteria and when we can do it right for you. And if valuations are too high or we can't make a strategic argument to you of why it's worth whatever it may be, then we don't make the move and that doesn't mean we are only going to do the review as you just saw, the fact that they both had announce the same day was pure coincidence. And, we respond optimistically when the opportunity presents itself, but it's not reacting reviews have been pretty well prepared, so I don't know if that gives you some context, but we always remain vigilant in looking. And for those who think, we need something transformative, my e-mail is public. You can send me those ideas.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Mike Weinstein from JPMC.
Mike Weinstein: Good morning, Miles. Thanks for taking the questions. So, Miles, if I just kind of step back and talk about the first half of the year, your accounts were a little bit difficult, but I think you would agree that 3.8% of constant currency is kind of not your target for overall Abbott, so other than better execution in the EPD is there anything else that you think is kind of key to getting you to kind of what you originally were hoping which was more mid-to-high single digit?
Miles White: Well, you know there's two businesses that have been a drag on us. One is our performance in EPD and one has been the entire vascular market, which you know because you watch pretty carefully and know better than anybody, but I would say those two things have been a bit of a sluggish drag. No question. And, I think, we are improving both of those. The evidence of that remains to be seen in EPD and I understand the skepticism of investors or analysts on that one, but I am reasonably confident of EPD. I am just frustrated with the pace here. On vascular, the sequential improvement here is pretty good and our share positions in our core markets is pretty good. I mean, we've got leadership share positions in core stent businesses and so forth. I think, as it's been pointed out a number of times, our ambitions here are frankly to expand product lines in areas and geographies and so forth and drive a little better growth profile of that business in what is clearly and austere market. However, that still isn't going to be some high double-digit rate or something as you know. So, I am pleased with the progress there, but it's not going to look like it did five, six year ago. So, we look at expanding and growing in new segments there and you saw a little bit of that earlier in the week with the acquisitions admittedly modest in size. The comment you make about the comparisons in the first half of the year, first half of the year comparisons, they were tougher. Not even modestly tougher, we had difficult comparisons in the first part of the year and just as difficult as those were I would tell you the comps in the second half of the year are equally sort of robust and the opposite direction. I mean, we've got really comps in the second half, so the growth rates that we are going to see here on the bottom line, I look at and they pretty heady and pretty high and we'll hit them, but I certainly wouldn't want you to [trend] line them for the long-term in some respects. They are not one-time, but they more accurately reflect I think the underlying performance of the business. The underlying performance that grow perform of the business is better than we saw in the first half. And, for the long-term, probably not quite as robust as the mid-20% range you are going to see in the second half here. I am talking on the bottom line. Because, if you look at the guidance and so forth, we know we modeled. We understand what things we've lapped in the comparisons that get better or disappear and so forth and so EPS growth rate in the second half mid-20s. So, that's pretty heady and I fear that you will say, okay, then we will just take that and straight line it through 2014 and you will just keep delivering at that level. Somewhere in there is the reality and I think the reality is quite healthy. We always target double-digit earnings growth and in fact if you look over a lot of the last 10 years, whatever it has been, we set our guidance in that range practically every year. We set a high hurdle. We set a robust hurdle. We set a hurdle of being reliable double-digit EPS growth, and then we do our best to beat it and generally speaking, I would say, we have done about 90% on the time, that beat part. So I think those kind of dynamics still exist. At the beginning of the year, I told you we did not rely on the markets improving for this to better, and we have not. We have the same questions a lot of other people, how much to rely on market improvement to factor into our business. I think if these markets improve a little bit, we improve a lot but I think right now what we are looking at is pretty good growth rates that are a lot more reflective of the identity of the company, its growth, the mix of its businesses and so forth going forward as we communicated last year and early this year. And we knew the first two quarters will be tough, at least tough from a comparison standpoint and they have been. Unfortunately they dont reflect, what we think the company is going to look like on an ongoing basis. Now, that said, all of us look at the top line too, the measure of sustainability overtime of the businesses and I think Nutrition, Diagnostics, even EPD and the improvements they will have in some of these businesses are going to drive a lot of that growth and then the extent that we have any supplemental opportunities in M&A, we will look at that. But we dont factor that in because unless you have got it in your hand, you cannot count on it.
Mike Weinstein: I just want to follow-up on the vascular piece, if I could. So there is really two questions here. So one is could you just talk about the evolution of the absorb strategy relative to that product and where it fits in the marketplace. If we really went back a year plus ago, the thought was with prices had a super premium and trying to make it become 10% of the market on a volume basis, the 10% volume might mean 30% from revenue. Now last year, obviously that has changed a lot. It is still priced at a premium but nowhere near what we were talking a year ago. Is the goal for that to be a workhorse product? If so, where are you on tracking towards that goal? Then the second question is on this week's acquisition which really would be just from a strategy standpoint, why does Abbott and developer of XIENCE and IDEV Technologies need to go outside to buy a stent platform? Thanks.
Thomas Freyman: Okay, let me talk about the drug first. Your characterization is exactly right. I think initial entry or strategy of that product was priced as a very new technology which I think niched it in to selective use. There was a very intentional decision on our part to drive it toward workhorse use, just as you characterized. To do that, I will take Europe as an example, most governments, frankly the U.S. is the same longer-term, but if most health institutions, hospitals, governments, payers et cetera are operating pretty much on fixed or pressured budgets making room for technology that cost more than what it replaces is not high on their list. So I think that what we have to acknowledge is if we want that product in broader workhorse use, then not only do we cannibalize ourselves but we take share from the competition. But the only way we do that is not to be an incremental burden to the budgets that have to pay for those products, as a philosophy. So, quite frankly, intentionally, the price of that product has come down and its share and its penetration and its use is broadening. It is our intent to move it into workhorse status. I would say we are seeing that in increased volume, increased usage, increased pickup, increased account pickup and so forth and that we are seeing it in the sequential sales performance of the product and its position in our portfolio. So thats exactly what we intend and we were moving that as fast as all the circumstances will allow without artificially distorting the markets. So I think you characterized it quite right. Remind me again what was the second question?, IDEV, the position of that in the business. Why would you go out and spend? Quite frankly, we like their product. We like their product a lot. We wanted to enhance our own offering and surely. You know, can you do it yourself? Yes. You could, but clearly thought we had the activity going in that area but this is quicker and we think better and we like the product, so it made sense to us to enhance our product line and accelerate the business and fill it out, because the endovascular businesses is core standalone business and needs a strong position in this place, so we think that what IDEV gives us, so we think that not only helps us in that little space, we think it helps the endovascular business strategically as a package.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. Thanks, Miles.
Miles White: Did I get all your questions there mike?
Mike Weinstein: Yes. You did. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rajeev Jashnani from UBS.
Rajeev Jashnani: Just wondering if you could help out on the EPD business, and I think you mentioned that the market growth rate is still relatively healthy and I was wondering if you could provide what the rest end of the market growth rate is and help us understand what price volume is that's driving that. Thanks.
Miles White: I can't give you a specific market growth rate, because it's different for every country and every market. And, one of the difficult for this business, Rajeev, is, we think of a given geography as sort of three different segments. There is a proprietary pharma segment in our market, there is a commodity generic segment in the market and there is a branded generic segment in the market. And those different segments exist in practically every country. The question is, dominance or prominence in given economics strata in those markets. I mean, India is just a great example to point at, because you've got all three there. It's very much a branded generic market, even a branded market at a lower price points in rural settings. For that reason, we've got two brands in India. We've got True Care and we've got Abbott, and True Care is a world brand and at different price points, different product and different mix of product and the Abbott brands tend to be in the major urban areas and so forth. So, it depends. And, generally speaking, around the world, there aren't many data sources for us to get breakouts that way of those markets. So, we know we know, we know for being in the market, we know from the way we can segment. So, we don't even quote percentages of share, because quite often it's contaminated with patented product or other, so I can't really give you that, but by country or overall, I think the segments are easily mid-to-high single-digit market growth and our growth over that considerably higher where we get the strategy right and we have the breadth of the product line and brand position right and so forth and our history and experience here has been, we grow much faster than the underlying market when we got those conditions in place and then the price trade off is such that it stratifies like a lot of markets, there's low priced product, there's mid-priced product. I can't say high priced. There's nothing high priced about it. We are pretty good value in every market, but the consumer does make a distinction or the pharmacist makes a distinction between the brands he believes in and the quality, the breadth of offering or the configuration of the offering or whatever the case may be. So, we tend to get a premium for the quality, the breadth of the brand and the offering that we have. So, it's very much as I have said in the past like our Nutrition business from the standpoint of the mix of consumer-facing and medically recommended or prescribed and a branded product that comes from quality or international source or multinational source tends a get a pretty good share of the market at a pretty good price point.
Rajeev Jashnani: Thanks. And, just a follow-up, I think Abbott has been pretty good operators of those in the markets that participate this one as you mentioned probably not where you wanted to be at this point in time, but what's the reasonable expectation for folks to have, or this business to get to more of a market rate of growth.
Miles White: Well, I am little gun shy about forecasting one, because I have been wrong thus far, but I think this is going to get to a mid-to-upper single digits sort of performance rate. The question is how fast and then I have got my own ambitions which I am already late on. So you always think as soon as you change management, you put new strategies in place that somehow next quarter it is going to look better and I think this is going to take a few quarters before we start to see the green shoots come up and the new growth come. I am impatient about that but I think we are not going to see what I would like to see in terms of the sequential momentum, hopefully until sometime next year.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is from Ben Andrew from William Blair.
Ben Andrew: I wanted to follow-up Miles on the comment about the two new heads that you hired in EPD and maybe talk a little about where they are located, what they are charged with and when you think they may be able to have an impact on the businesses?
Miles White: Well, I think they are having an impact already. One of the people we hired was from outside the company with a strong background, frankly, in generic and branded generic product marketing and he has got a broad experience, absolutely fabulous experience and pedigree and track record. He is going to be responsible for the emerging market part of the business and we are changing out, call it the marketing team and branding team that will support him in that business. So he is already in place, already pretty much up to speed. He is already familiar with us. He knows the markets well. Te knows the channels well. He knows the brands well and so forth, and I think that is going well. The other position we elevated from internally and one of our experienced and frankly, I would say excellent performing managers who has a developed side and I would say, given the background of his experience, has the right balance of, what I would say the characteristics of European and developed markets in the pharma and generic spaces but also the background and experience to understand how to transition where we can to branded generic consumer facing type marketing. We have taken some of our experienced people from that background, like we have seen in emerging markets and supplemented his team with that. Because I think we have got a transition going on in some of these emerging markets to much broader branded generic marketing, more consumer related. So we are supplementing their teams that way. All of them are located in Europe together at the company or division headquarters which is (inaudible) and they are all working there together so that they are with each other every day and whether it is emerging markets or developed markets, they share quite a bit from the standpoint of the marketing, branding and commercial teams but the commercial teams and the support are all dedicated to each of their specific segments so that they are able to customize what we are doing either strategic or from a marketing standpoint for each of those segments.
Ben Andrew: You firmly have to go down paths, whether it is acquisition path or build internally to enter new emerging markets. But does this strengthen the ability to maybe use the latter if the pricing on the former is too high?
Miles White: Well, I think, first of all, we have to get our house in order, which we are doing and getting our strategy straight and the right people in place and so forth which we have done. I would say, okay, so far so good. Let's get our strategy working internally here the way we want to before we complicate life with an acquisition or something else. If an acquisition or an opportunity presented itself that fit and fit well with what we wanted to in a given geography, well we would certainly look at it. I would tell you, and I think all us know this, but I would tell you that today the valuation expectations for most of those are just out of sight. The acquisition we made of Piramal in India was a pricey acquisition but it give us the number one position in the market by far in a profitable growing key large market. That was worth something and when we look at that long-term, thats worth a lot. But a multiple valuation like that in markets where all you can be is fit or safe or something isnt that kind of multiple. I think today what you see out there is valuation expectations that are frankly just unrealistic. If that doesnt change, we will be doing this organically. I think you have to be balanced or disciplined about the returns you expect and the hurdles you expect. The old adage that anything is for sale, as long as it is an overwhelming compelling price and I think if its an overwhelming price, it better have a good returns for our shareholders, or they are not think we did a good thing for them. So, it's not like you can just go out and create M&A activity. It's got to have the right intersection of valuable for both side, and today I would tell you in this particular space you don't see and that is why you do not see very many deals getting done by anybody, buying anything to expand their footprint. I mean, our peers may say, gee it's an unattractive market. I don't think the markets are attractive all. I think, some of the M&A's are unattractive, but that just means you got to go at it more organically over time. And, frankly, if that's how it is we'll go at it organically.
Ben Andrew: Okay. Then one quick topic change, but going back to China. This is second time in two, three years that we've seen a pricing disruption whether it's market based or government based. How do you think about that in terms of investment.
Miles White: How do I think about that? I think about that, but we're probably going to see it again in a couple of years. I think you are going to see it over and over again, like I don't know, I have a lot of things I could say about I suppose, but I think you see this stuff all the time. I think, if you are over obsessed about China, you would over obsess about China. If you are over obsessed about Brazil or India, or Russia or somewhere else, you get over obsessed about any one of them. Is there a headache every day? Yes. Somewhere. Overall, we're in a lot more than China, so I look at this and I think I suppose we should learn to deal with these sorts of things and rolling ongoing basis, because I don't think they stop, but I think what it does say is, you don't necessarily want to be disproportionately indexed in a given geography if you can't take the volatility of ride. And, so for us, we're in a lot of geographies purposely and we know that the balance of that mix of geographies is what stabilizes that volatility, because it offsets to some degree and that overall we can deliver much higher growth, more reliably on a sustainable basis. But, in the backroom here we are managing volatility every day. So, the way I think about it is we are going to be managing volatility every day and I stress to the management team, we got to be always kind of preparing plan B and what are you going to do and contingencies and so forth and that is a fundamental part of our whole planning and budgeting process all the time. And, if you look this year, six months, seven months end of the year, has the year gone like you would expected? The answer is no. Have we delivered the earnings we committed? Yes. We've exceeded them. So, I think you got to kind of plan that way every year.
Ben Andrew: Sure. The only question, Miles, is really what's the risk that other countries start to follow the model? We saw in Japan historically every couple of year big reimbursement cut, China is now taking up the mantel and canister and other countries as their healthcare cost rise, they say worked over there, why not here? So, how do you think about that exposure maybe over the five-year window? Then (Inaudible) incremental given kind of that risk of the broadening.
Miles White: Possibility I guess exists, but the circumstance has tend to be pretty unique in given country. There is regimentation in Japan around price management from the government or price control from the government that every year or every two years depending what are devices, pharma or what are the segment and it tends to be a fairly predictable regimen. And, what it tells you is, you want to be very close to your markets, you want to have your medical affairs, government affairs, regulatory affairs people in country, in markets. You can't have those relationships from Europe, or U.S. or something and expect to be into markets every day. So, I think it's possible that similar philosophies could exist other places but what it basically boils down to is kind of that age old. They want to buy it for less and we want to sell for more. And, life's a negotiation and it just keeps going that way whether it's Europe, or China, or Japan, or India or anywhere else, the ability to earn a return is always subject to certain negotiation of what a payer can pay or will pay for the service of product you provide. I think that's just part of the business.
Brian Yoor: We have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from Jeff Holford from Jefferies.
Jeff Holford: Hi, Miles. Good morning and thanks for taking all these questions and give us some really useful color. I do have a couple of questions.
Miles White: I think, one could ask Tom or Brian one or two, it would be okay.
Jeff Holford: No chance this morning. I have got a couple of questions, but I would like to just lead off on margins, because I think it's the most important thing that hasn't been talked about yet on the call. I mean, it's a very nice quarter evidencing that the two lines of [Abbott] one is great broad top line growth. And, the second point, we've got some great underlying margin expansion to look forward and that's what seem to really help out this quarter. I was very encouraged by the commentary around nutrition and the margins there. I wondered if you could just give us a bit better view here, is the cadence of delivering, I know there is margin improvement or can you give us a bit more color if it is going to run longer or shorter in terms of timeline and how much further beyond the 20% of sales do you think right now we can get to given that you seem to be overdelivering there?
Miles White: I would say, first of all, that the performance in nutrition is the result of fairly detailed comprehensive plan with literally over 100 different initiatives and so forth. Some of those are quick and easy and some take more time. Some of it's mix of products. Some of it is manufacturing process. Some of it, whether we make our own product or source it from a third party manufacturer. There is literally hundreds of things. We have made great progress and I think there is frankly a lot more to be made. We have commented in the past that we are fortunate to have some early public comparisons to some of our competitors for some of our segments that give us some benchmarks to sort of judge how we are doing in given places. But I think there is more here. This is what I would say. As much as you would like to get even greater forecast out of me, I am always trying to get it out of the business too because there is that caution of let's not fully commit all of it to Miles and Tom and the corporation. So we leave ourselves a little cushion because as I just explained to this question, everybody is thinking about contingencies too. But the fact is the organization has got a cultural mindset around cost management, investment management, expense management. We do make a distinction internally between that which will drive improved gross margin before discretionary spending and the management or proficiency of discretionary spending. A lot a lot of times you can go out and just cut SG&A but to make a quarter but frankly I think that is kind of quite shortsighted. In our case, on the discretionary side, if we look there for efficiency or cost management, we are looking at primarily G&A or we are looking at where spending is valuable versus where it is not so valuable. Bang for the buck, hit rate, et cetera. So Tom and I, over the course of this year, and partly as the exercise out of split and the transition service agreements and the back office stuff with AbbVie, we are looking at the manner in which we support all of our businesses and the cost of that support and how we do it and so forth to make ourselves more efficient and I think when you go through an exercise like the split, its the time to do that. It certainly allows you the ability to do that to look at whether you can spend your general and administrative expenses better and more efficiently and so on and we are. Because I wouldnt want investors to misthink that somehow we are shortchanging the businesses or starting the businesses from the standpoint of R&D investment or sales and marketing because we are not and we dont have to. So we do make a distinction about moderating spending and where and how so that we dont harm the longer term prospects of the businesses but the longer-term sustainable improvement in profits, frankly, tend to be above that gross margin line and the real cost or pricing, the mix of your products, how you manufacture, all those sorts of things. But thats where this is coming from in nutrition. This is not because they are raising price. This is all fundamental cost and structure management about the way they conduct that business. This is very durable and long sustainable profit improvement. And there is a lot more here, I think. And we think and we know the plan to get and I am going to let Tom add to that, if you will, for a minute.
Thomas Freyman: I would just say that (inaudible), to your original question, I think things are ahead of schedule and you are seeing it in the gross margin. We are delivering above expectation and it really is a function of executing programs I have more quickly, more efficiently and getting more savings sooner than what we might have expected a while back. So thats primarily what's happening and obviously the closer we get to the 20% initial target that we have for each division, then the focus is going to be on what s more and how much better we can get beyond that and we are making very good progress getting towards those initial targets and we are going to keep working on improving beyond that.
Jeff Holford: I will just try one extra last quick question if I can. I know the time is short, but in terms of the M&A, you said you don't want to be very specific. You did mention in EPD, product breadth as being one of the issues now. A lot of the large cap pharma companies are looking to separate or breakout many of their established pharma businesses. Do you see opportunities in some of those reorganizations to potentially and augment what you have in your EPD business?
Miles White: I can't comment on what any of the other companies may have or what they intend to do with their assets, but I can tell you this. It would be of interest if it stood geographically. It's not that we lack products or lack breadth. We have breadth. We've got tremendous breadth in our EPD business that the value primarily to any kind of M&A addition to EPD is geographic footprint or share footprint in a market. You know how larger share position or brand position may be in that market. So, for us it will more likely be a consideration of geographic enhancement or geographic fit that it will be breadth of product line, because we are not challenged from a breadth standpoint. The opportunity is really in bigger geographic footprints, so that would be kind of how we look at it. And, to the extent that those assets out there that may sit back, we'll have a look, but today I cannot I should say I don't really have a point of view, because I haven't seen those assets yet.
Brian Yoor: So, thank you, Elan, and thank you all for your questions. That concludes Abbott's conference call. A replay of this call will be available afternoon Central Time today on Abbott's investor relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com, and afternoon Central Time via telephone at 402-344-6835. Pass code: 8703. The audio replay will be available until 4pm Central Time on Wednesday, July 31. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Brian Yoor, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Brian Yoor: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks and Tom and I will discuss our performance in more detail. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected financial results for 2013. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are disclosed in Item 1a, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay, thanks Brian. Good morning. This morning we reported first quarter results that were in line with our expectations. Ongoing earnings per share were $0.42, which is at the high end of our guidance range, and sales increased 3.5% operationally led by a strong performance in our nutrition and diagnostics businesses. We are confirming our full year 2013 ongoing earnings per share outlook which is for double-digit growth at the mid-point of the range. We are delivering on our current growth expectations despite a mixed global economy, developed markets globally continue to be challenged by 2012 austerity measures and weak economic conditions and that impacted our results this quarter as we saw sales decline low single digits before exchange in these markets. We planned for that and expect to see some improvement in the second half of the year. And while most developed market currencies were relatively stable, the Yen weakened significantly representative of the efforts by some governments to stimulate weak economies. At the same time emerging markets continue to be a significant opportunity for us, one where the demand for healthcare and nutrition is going rapidly and where Abbott is well positioned to benefit from the favorable trends that are taking place in these markets. This quarter more than 40% of our total sales were in emerging markets, in the first quarter we saw particularly strong growth in China, India, Russia and Vietnam, with sales in 8 key emerging markets up 18% before exchange. As we accelerate growth across these countries, we expect to expand our emerging market sales more than 50% of Abbott's total sales over the next several years. Before Tom and Brian discuss our results in detail, I will briefly comment on our strategic priority as they relate to first quarter performance. As I just discussed, driving above market growth across emerging markets is a key priority. Our sales across all of the emerging markets were $2.2 billion in the first quarter, increasing 15% with strong results across our major businesses including, nutrition, core diagnostics and vascular devices. In nutrition, emerging market sales represent 45% of total nutrition sales and increased more than 20%. We have broad global reach today with our pediatric and adult brands and we prioritize the group of key markets to deliver on our future growth targets. This includes multiple countries where we are expanding our current leadership positions such as the Vietnam, where we are shaping new markets such as India, and where we are aggressively expanding our geographic reach such as China. By 2015 we expect to more than double our presence in China, which is the largest and fastest growing nutritional market in the world. We are executing well against that goal through the first quarter of this year. We are also making progress with the expansion of global capacity to support the continued strong global demand for pediatric and adult nutrition. Our three new facilities in China, India and the U.S. are expected to come online later this year or early next year. In established pharmaceuticals, we have prioritized 14 emerging markets where the demand for healthcare is rapidly expanding and where we are building our presence to drive above market growth. Sales at these key emerging markets represent approximately 50% of EPD's sales, and this quarter increased nearly 9% led by growth in Russia, India and China. We anticipate our key emerging markets to deliver double-digit growth for the full year as we continue to build out our local product portfolios and expand in-country in these markets. In medical devices, vascular devices delivered 20% emerging market growth while medical optics and diabetes care delivered mid-teens growth. Medical devices growth was driven by continued strong performance of our TECNIS brand of cataract intraocular lenses and our market leading vascular leading technology. In our diabetes care business, our emerging markets strength was driven by share gains in several key market including China. In diagnostics, more than 70% of our sales occur outside the United States with a growing portion in emerging markets. In core laboratory diagnostics, these markets represent nearly 40% of sales and we continue to outpace market growth in our priority markets, again China, Brazil and Russia. We have seen continued strong demand in the core laboratory for our industry-leading systems including ARCHITECT. In China this business again grew nearly 40%. Our second priority is to continue to drive share gains and market expansion through new product launches and brand enhancements. In nutrition this quarter we completed 19 new product launches globally, on track for approximately 70 by year-end. This includes the first international market launches of our new Similac next generation formula and a continued global roll-out of our infant formula tolerance line. These innovations contributed to our 21% growth rate in international pediatric nutrition. In the U.S. we have launched a new line of ZonePerfect bars as well as innovations across our Similac brand, to maintain our leading infant formula share position in the hospital and retail segments. In established pharmaceuticals we completed more than 45 new product launches across 16 geographies. This included new formulations in core brands that broaden our key therapeutic portfolios in gastroenterology and neurology. In medical devices, we continued the roll out of absorb in international markets and in January initiated our absorb U.S. pivotal trial. Also in January in the U.S. we launched our new drug-eluting stent system, XIENCE Xpedition, and are on track for a mid-year approval in Japan. MitraClip, our structural heart device for mitral regurgitation increased double-digits internationally. In medical optics, we launched the new cataract intraocular lens in Japan which now give us access to 70% of the market where we were not previously competing. We also expect to launch our TECNIS Toric IOL in the U.S. shortly. In diabetes care we are on track to initiate our pivotal trial by year-end for our next generation sensor that we expect to first bring to the European market by the end of 2014. And in diagnostics we continue to broaden our ARCHITECT menu with several new tests. We also launched our next generation automation solution that improves efficiency and work flow and increased testing volumes. Development work continued on six new system platforms across core laboratory point of care and molecular that are expected to launch over the next several years. These new systems add new features that are important to our customers such as speed, scalability and shorter turnaround time. The third priority Ill highlight is margin expansion. Our operating margin in the first quarter was in line with our expectation and we remain on track to deliver approximately 100 basis points of expansion for the full year. While were focused on margin improvement across our businesses, nutrition and diagnostics are driving much of the improvement this year. Nutrition operating margin increased significantly over the first quarter 2012 on track to improve at least 300 basis points for the full year. Were confident in our ability to deliver on our target of 20% of sales by 2015 as we implemented a number of planned actions last year and expect to continue our progress in 2013. In diagnostics operating margin also improved over the prior year as we continue to execute on our efficiency initiatives in manufacturing supply chain. Were on track to reach our 2015 operating margin target in this business as well which is to exceed 20% of sales. So in summary, our first quarter results were in line with our expectations and as we continue to execute on our key business priorities we expect to deliver on our double digit ongoing EPS growth target for the full year. Ill now turn the call over to Tom to review our first quarter results and the 2013 outlook in more detail. Tom?
Tom Freyman: Thanks Miles. Before we review our financial performance, Id like to mention that yesterday we furnished an 8-K detailing the 2012 quarterly income statement for New Abbott on both the GAAP and non-GAAP basis with appropriate reconciliations. With that in mind our review of results for the first quarter of 2013 and our outlook for the second quarter and full year 2013 will reflect comparisons with 2012 ongoing baseline in the 8-K. So for the first quarter of 2013, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share of $0.42 at the upper end of our previous guidance range. Sales for the quarter were in line with previous guidance, with operational growth of 3.5% and 1.8% growth on a reported basis, which includes an unfavorable impact of 1.7% from foreign exchange. Sales growth was driven by strong performance across a number of products and businesses, most notably nutrition and diagnostics, along with strong growth across all of our business in emerging markets which grew 15% on an operational basis in the quarter. First quarter adjusted gross margin ratio was 55.8%, somewhat above our forecast due in part to the timing of exchange effect on this ratio. In the quarter, ongoing R&D investments was around 6.5% of sales and ongoing SG&A expense was around 32.5% of sales, both in line with expectations. Turning to our outlook for the full year 2013, today were confirming our ongoing earnings per share guidance of $1.98 to $2.04 which reflects double digit growth over 2012 at the midpoint of the range. Regarding sales, for the full year 2013 we continue to forecast operational growth, that is excluding the impact of foreign exchange in the mid to high single digits with a somewhat higher forecast for nutrition offset by somewhat lower expectations for vascular. Based on current exchange rates, we expect exchange to have a negative impact of around 1% on our full year reported sales. Brian will review the growth outlooks by business in a few minutes. We forecast an ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio for the full year of approximately 55% consistent with guidance previously provided. We also continue to forecast ongoing R&D of 6% to 7% of sales and ongoing SG&A expense somewhat above 30% of sales for the full year of 2013. Overall we continue to project expansion of our full year adjusted operating margin by around 100 basis points in 2013, consistent with previous guidance. We continue to forecast net interest expense of around $110 million in 2013, non-operating income of approximately $20 million and around $50 million of expense in the exchange gain loss line of P&L. Finally, we continue to expect an ongoing tax rate of around 21% for the full year 2013 consistent with guidance previously provided. Turning to the outlook for the second quarter of 2013. Were forecasting ongoing earnings per share of $0.43 to $0.45. Our operational sales growth in the second quarter is expected to be in the mid-single digits. At current exchange rates we would expect roughly 1% negative impact from exchange and sales in the second quarter. So that at these exchange rates we forecast reported sales growth approaching mid-single digits. We forecast an ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio at around 54.5% of sales in the second quarter, which includes a negative impact from exchange of nearly 1%. We also forecast ongoing R&D at around 6.5% of sales and ongoing SG&A expense of somewhat under 32% of sales for the second quarter. So in summary, we are off to a good start in 2013 delivering at the upper end of our ongoing EPS expectations and confirming our 2013 ongoing earnings per share guidance. This outlook again reflects strong performance as we continue to build Abbott to deliver reliable top tier performance in the years ahead. With that let's turn to Brian for the operating highlights by business.
Brian Yoor: Thanks, Tom. This morning I will provide an overview of the first quarter 2013 performance for each of our business and we will also review our second quarter 2013 sales outlook by business. My comments will focus primarily on operational sales growth which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. Let's start with our nutrition business, where global sales increased 9% in the first quarter on an operational basis driven by 15% growth internationally. International pediatric sales grew 21% operationally, driven by uptake of new innovations in Similac formula, continued strong double-digit growth of PediaSure, and above market growth in the emerging markets as we continue our geographic expansion. Adult nutrition sales increased 6% led by continued strong growth of Ensure and Glucerna. As the global leader in adult nutrition, we continue to shape this market as the world's population ages. In the U.S., first quarter nutrition sales increased 2.1% in line with our expectations. U.S. pediatric sales were driven by continued strong growth of our PediaSure toddler brand, partially offset by a slight decline of infant formula sales. While we continue to have a leading share position in the U.S., we experienced some unfavorable year-over-year impact due to lower (inaudible) volume. First quarter U.S. adult sales were driven by share and category growth of our market leading Ensure brand, somewhat offset by lower than expected retail category growth. As we look ahead to the second quarter, we expect our global nutrition business to growth high single digits on an operational basis. Again, led by strong international sales growth as we continue with our portfolio of innovations and geographic expansion to drive share gains in emerging markets. Moving on to diagnostics. In core laboratory diagnostics, operational sales increased nearly 6% in the first quarter. About 80% of our core laboratory diagnostics sales are generated outside the U.S. where we saw nearly 9% operational growth in the quarter. As Miles mentioned, we also saw a strong emerging market sales growth led by China and Russia which grew 40% and 35% respectively. We delivered on several new product approvals in the quarter, expanding our ARCHITECT platform menu by launching six new tests and launching our next generation automation solution designed to help laboratories improve efficiencies and workflow. We will continue to broaden our menu throughout this year and continue to invest in the development of our next generation platforms. In molecular diagnostics, worldwide sales increased nearly 2% on an operational basis in the first quarter, in line with our expectations. Led by strong growth in emerging markets, partially offset by market conditions in Europe. In point of care diagnostics, worldwide sales increased more than 17% on an operational basis as we continue to expand our leadership positions in the United States. For the second quarter we are forecasting our global diagnostics business segment to generate mid to high single-digit operational sales growth with continued strong growth from core lab and point of care diagnostics and accelerated growth in molecular diagnostics. I will now review our established pharmaceuticals business or EPD. Sales in the quarter increased just over 1% on an operational basis, consistent with our previous guidance. In EPD, we are focused on 14 key emerging markets which include, India, Russia, China, Brazil, and ten additional key markets. These markets comprise nearly 50% of EPDs sales and grew approximately 9% in the quarter. As previously discussed, we expect the emerging markets to comprise an even larger portion of EPDs sales over time. As expected, growth in other markets, which includes developed markets such as Western Europe and Japan and other emerging markets was negatively impacted by European austerity measures and the Japan NHI pricing actions taken in 2012. We expect to accelerate operational sales growth in EPD over the course of the year as the impact of austerity and pricing actions subside and as we execute on a number of product and geographic expansion initiatives. With respect to the second quarter, we expect low single digit operational sales growth from our established pharmaceuticals business. And finally, Medical Devices, which includes our vascular, diabetes care and vision care businesses. In our vascular business, worldwide sales decreased 6% on an operational basis, including the expected non-commercial revenue decline related to the Promus agreement, as well as the negative impact of Japan 2012 NHI pricing actions. Excluding Promus, sales declined 2.5% on an operational basis. International sales, which comprise more than 60% of total vascular sales increased 4% operationally. Sales in the emerging markets represent 25% of vascular sales and grew 20% in the quarter. Recent international launches of our XIENCE Xpedition drug eluting stent and bioresorbable vascular scaffold ABSORB, coupled with contributions from MitraClip and strong growth in the emerging markets are the key drivers of our international performance. Last month at the American College of Cardiology meeting, we announced positive long-term results from the ABSORB trial indicating that our bioresorbable vascular scaffold provided unique benefits not possible with metallic stents. These benefits include increases in vessel over time, reduction in plaque and improved vessel function. U.S vascular sales in the quarter declined 19% driven by the expected decline of certain royalty revenues and soft market conditions, including price. Looking ahead to the second quarter of 2013, we expect our global vascular business to be relatively flat on an operational basis. We expect to improve our performance over the course of this year with the continued uptake of XIENCE Xpedition in the U.S, the expected launch of XIENCE Xpedition in Japan, continued emerging markets execution and continued penetration of our new products MitraClip and ABSORB. In diabetes care, global sales in the first quarter were relatively flat on an operational basis, in line with our expectations. Outside the U.S, growth of 3% was driven by share gains in key emerging markets which grew double digits in the quarter, as well as the continuing uptake of our freestyle InsuLinx meter. In the U.S, we saw continued share gains in the hospital and retail segments, offset by marketing pricing pressures and lower Medicare mail order purchases. Moving to the second quarter in our diabetes care business, we project sales to be relatively flat on an operational basis. As we have previously discussed, while we are forecasting strong growth in key emerging markets, the 2013 implementation of CMS or the competitive bidding for Medicare patients will impact our U.S sales this year. In vision care, global operational sales increased approximately 2% in the first quarter. Cataract sales, which represent about 60% of our global vision care sales, continued to outpace the market in the quarter, led by above market growth of our TECNIS brand of intraocular lenses. We expect continued strong growth in our cataract business, with several important launches this year. This include our recent launch of TECNIS OptiBlue in Japan which provides Abbott access to the largest segment of the Japan market and the expected upcoming U.S launch of our TECNIS Toric IOL. We also saw continued strong performance of cataract business in emerging markets, with more than 30% growth in the quarter. For the second quarter in our global vision care business, we expect low single digit operational sales growth. So in summary, our results were in line with our expectations and we remain on track to meet our full year forecast. We delivered strong performance in both nutrition and diagnostics this quarter, while also executing on a number of new product launches and geographic expansion. And we expect accelerated growth as the year progresses. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our first question today is from Mike Weinstein from JP Morgan.
Michael Weinstein: Good morning. Can you hear me okay? If I think about the company, I thought by the way you guys, I thought did an excellent job in laying it out in the press release, which is -- you had a lot different details than you have had before. You have got 40% of the company in emerging markets, it's growing 15% this quarter. You (inaudible) in developed markets that was down like 3% this quarter. If we think about the acceleration in this whole company over the balance of this year, is the developed market piece gets better, if you think about it in aggregate, or is it the emerging market piece? I think I know the answer but I just want you to flush that out a little bit.
Miles White: Well, it's a little bit of both. I would tell you that a little bit of improvement in developed market goes a long way but the emerging markets for us are showing pretty strong growth, and I would say even a bad day in an emerging market looks a lot better than a developed market right now. So when we look at some of these emerging markets and even at the very strong growth rates we see there, they are a little slower than what we may have historically seen in last couple of years. So I think it kind of depends. Unfortunately, they are not all binary and separated, they are linked. They are somewhat interdependent. And I would say we are seeing the roll through, right now in the developed markets of the actions, austerity actions that have been taken obviously in the last year to 15 months. And I think thats going to be with us for a while. I know the senior management at Johnson & Johnson commented a little bit on that yesterday, and I though their comments were quite eloquent about that and quite correct, that it's going to take a while for this to roll through and for businesses or companies to lap the actions we have seen in the developed markets. But a little bit of improvement there as I said goes a long way. At the same time, the emerging markets are still very robust and strong comparatively speaking and frankly even in the absolute. So you know I think all of us, we look at our various businesses, it's really as you point out a two-part story. Developed markets, emerging markets, and they are pretty different. And so the tactics or the things that we put in place in any of those markets are different. We are expanding as rapidly as we can where the growth is. And we are finding better ways to be efficient and compete more effectively and frankly compete for share in the developed markets. So at the end of the day, while we have given guidance that we expect to be mid to high-single digits depending on how long sort of the economic conditions persist, will be towards the mid. And if it begins to improve, we will start to move the other way.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Let's take EPD because I think thats the probably the business where there is probably the biggest range of these on the growth profile of that business. And if you would look at it this quarter and then what you are expecting over the balance of the year, you have got your emerging markets piece, which is posting good growth. Not double-digits, but pretty close. And then you have got your rest of Europe which has been declining, it has been a drag. So if EPD gets better over the balance of the year, is that because you are sure to lap some of those cuts that occurred in Europe last year, or is it because the emerging markets accelerate?
Miles White: Again, it's a little bit of both. We definitely get better as we lap some of last year. The developed market part of EPD in some ways has been more strongly hit than any other businesses, or that business in developed markets more strongly impacted because of just the direct impact of price cuts in Japan or Europe. And then of course you have got the Yen on top of it and we have got a pretty significant business in Japan there. So we have got a disproportionate index on the developed markets in EPD. So I think as we lap that it gets better. But at the same time, as you pointed out, the growth rate of the EPD in the emerging markets is about 9% and frankly I expect that to improve in the latter half of the year.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And then one last follow up for Tom. The gross margin commentary for the second quarter, you are expecting a step down from 1Q to 2Q despite having probably $200 million in incremental revenues. Is that just because of the first quarter was just higher than it normally would be because of FX hedges?
Tom Freyman: Yeah, we just had the timing of the flow-through of the exchange really just kind of -- it helped the first quarter a little bit and it will be a little bit of an offset in the second or the last three quarters of the year. I think the big -- the key message on gross margin is, as we look at the full year we are right on track with what we thought we would have as we talked about back in January. So its really just a timing thing, Mike.
Operator: Our next question is from Rajeev Jashnani from UBS.
Rajeev Jashnani: Just wondering if youd comment a little bit about maybe whats going on beneath the surface of SG&A. theres a lot of probably activity in emerging markets and maybe talk about some of the investments youre making there versus what youre doing in the developed markets to just facilitate the longer term growth verse.
Miles White: Rajeev, this is Miles. I think thats a pretty good summary right there. Were definitely expanding in growth markets around the world both in headcount and promotional spending and so forth to support that growth and were doing that at a prudent rate. Were also tightly managing the sales and marketing expenses in markets where were not going to get the return or arent getting the return. I would also say a little bit of whats going on there and youll probably see this play out over the remaining quarters of the year. Were putting an awful lot of emphasis on our G&A. its not that we want spend less or invest less in our sales and marketing support of our businesses or investment businesses, but I do want to run the company at a very efficient level from a G&A standpoint. And so weve put a lot of emphasis on how we are performing in all of our call it overhead or support functions around the world. It doesnt matter what country youre in for that one or what business and were looking at any duplication between our businesses and corporate and so on. Now that weve got a little different configuration of the company without the proprietary pharma business, it gives us an opportunity to look pretty closely at a lot of our support spending in G&A. thats not something we can do in just a quarter, but over the coming quarters well definitely be putting some emphasis on that. And is it enough that you could see that play out in the SG&A? Yes. The question is driven more towards gee, are you too tight on SG&A? Id say no, we dont feel like were starving SG&A. I think not at all actually. If we have the opportunity to invest more where we know we can get the return and grow, were definitely doing that. Theres a certain pace at which you can do that and a certain quality at which you can do that and were mindful of that, but we want to make sure we put that investment into the growth of the businesses. And I say the same with R&D. you look at the profile of R&D this quarter and it looks like it might be slightly down. Thats really a timing issue. We dont like to shift or reduce any kind of R&D spending at all provided its productive. So we like the notion of investing more in R&D and we like investing it well and we dont want to make our bottom line based on what we do with discretionary spending in SG&A or R&D. that bottom line needs to be driven by core performance at the gross margin level and thats why were putting so much emphasis on the gross margin improvement in the businesses which is going quite well. That not only is good for the investor at the bottom line, but affords us more investment capability in R&D and SG&A. thats a long winded answer, but there you go.
Rajeev Jashnani: That was very helpful. And I guess one quick follow up on the product side. Just wondering if you could talk about the ABSORB product in Europe and what your -- maybe a little bit more granular on what youre seeing there in terms of uptake and how you expect that to broaden out over the coming quarters. Thanks.
Miles White: Well, Id say the uptake is taking a little longer to ramp than we might like, but it is coming along pretty nicely. Were confident that this is going to be a workhorse stent for us over time and I think the initial trial and positioning of the stent has people trying it and you might even say in its initial launch it looks like its going to a very high niche. On the other hand, thats the starting point, to get some experience with physicians and doctors. Its our intent to drive it into what I would call very common workhorse use. And the pace of that is steady. I think were always going to be impatient and wanting to drive it faster. For a little while it was about having the range of sizes. We solved that in a number of our markets. So I expect that to continue to perform pretty well.
Operator: Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David R. Lewis: Miles, Id thought Id come back to one of the bigger growth drivers in nutrition and two specific points and maybe a follow up. Theres been a lot of talk intra quarter about the Hong Kong ban. Its pressured some of the peers in the space. What is Abbotts positioning on the impact the Hong Kong ban would have, if any, on the business. And I guess the second follow would be, Ensure, I think a business that people are not focusing as much on, obviously, a launch in late last year. How you are thinking about ensuring the opportunity in China?
Miles White: Okay. You know what, I am going to let Brian or Tom answer your Hong Kong question because I think, frankly, the answer is, we are not having an impact. But we will give you more granularity on the impact we are not having.
Brian Yoor: Yeah, David, I think -- this is Brian. We had a great quarter as you could see in nutrition that was driven by strong growth in China. That dynamic is not our dynamic and I know you and I discussed this a little bit. We are not as over-indexed in Hong Kong as our competition. If you look across Hong Kong and China, our shares are relatively the same. So we dont see this dynamic impacting us but clearly there is an impact on the industry if they make restrictions of products that can cross the border there.
Miles White: I would say our growth rate in China is pretty robust and we are not seeing that impact. Frankly our growth rate in Hong Kong is pretty good too. And your second question was?
David R. Lewis: On Ensure, Miles. Is it too early to start thinking about how big the Ensure opportunity could be in China?
Miles White: Well, we are thinking about how big it might be. I am not sure I can quantify it for you but we think it's a fairly significant opportunity and we are investing to, frankly, drive and create that market. And I think there is -- how would I put it -- I think it should be a terrific opportunity for us. It's a market that I think demographically and from a culture and a usage standpoint is perfect for Ensure. We are currently, as you know, investing in capacity for our liquids in the United States. We will probably -- we will enter that market first with our powder versions of Ensure and then we will transition to liquid then we will add on to our plants or one of our plants in Asia to give us the capacity to manufacture in or near market for Ensure. Thats one where we are very confident of the opportunity. I think almost any projection we put together will be wrong but I know it will all be good. So thats when we look forward to running out as fast as we can, I would tell you. I think it's a big opportunity.
David R. Lewis: Okay, it's very clear. Just really a quick follow up for Tom. Tom, if you think about the road map you laid out on the road show for nutrition margin expansion. Now that we are sort of three-four months post that, where do we sit now in terms of where we stand? Are we on plan, slightly ahead of plan, potentially behind? And then what are kind of the key guide posts in terms of either manufacturing capacity or cost reduction issues over the next several quarters we should be focused on?
Tom Freyman: Well, we are ahead of plan. When you look at the first quarter, when you see the Q come out, we got to see a really good operating margin for this business. I think you have to be a little careful with that and we really need to look at this on a full year basis because in the last three quarters we are planning some investments in the business and we are starting up the plants that Miles talked about. And so I wouldnt straight line the margin you see in the first quarter out for the full year, but as Miles indicated in his remarks, year-over-year for the full year we expect 300 basis points of improvement in the operating margin in this year alone. Which gets us very well on the track towards the target he talked about. So we are ahead of plan and that business is really clicking on all cylinders when it comes to the margin expansion.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank.
Kristen Stewart: Just a follow-up I guess on MitraClip. Given that you guys have had the panel, what are your expectations just in terms of whether you are optimistic that the FDA will ultimately approve the product or whether we should just expect to see perhaps some of the other studies before granting full approval. And then if you could also update just on the performance and sales level in Europe too, that would be great?
Miles White: Okay. I guess, Kristen, the first thing I would say is, we are pleased we got a favorable indication from the panel that we recently held with the FDA. But I have found over time it's never good to speculate about what the FDA may or may not do or may or may not think. You know we are hopeful and we are working as constructively as we can with the agency regarding U.S. But I dont find it useful at all for us to speculate of put the FDA in a spot or whatever. You know we want them to work constructively with us and I think the best I can say is, we can't predict it and we are not in a position to really comment much further than that. And then I guess with regard to Europe and the 30 countries that its available in today, were pretty pleased with the performance. Its been planted in 8,000 patients and weve had good performance with it. Its growing quite nicely in the markets where were marketing it and growing at a very nice healthy double digit rate. Wed certainly like to bring it to the U.S for patients who are in the high risk and have no other option and well just see how that plays out.
Kristen Stewart: And then any high-level thoughts just on capital allocation, M&A strategy here, now that the spinoff is complete?
Miles White: Tom loves it when you ask about capital allocations. Ill let him take that.
Tom Freyman: Kristen, as we entered the year its similar really to the way we view this even prior to separation. Its a balanced approach. We pay a healthy dividend. We believe in a growing dividend. We execute on share repurchase each year and we did some of that in the first quarter and plan to do that this year. There is some degree of cash buildup and some potential of moderating on the debt level. So its a balanced approach and the cash flow of the company is good. Weve projected $4 billion this year. That gives us a lot of options and its more the same as we progress through 2013.
Operator: Our next question is from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Let me start with the US. The international performance was very strong, but some of the US businesses came in a little weaker than we expected. Maybe if you could talk about whether there were fewer selling days in the quarter that might have had an impact. And the three businesses that would be helpful to get some color from you on are Vascular, Adult Nutritionals and Core Labs. And then I just had one follow-up. Thanks.
Brian Yoor: Larry, this is Brian. There were some impacts on the selling days. Thats something weve not stressed in the past calls, but it definitely impacted our nutritional business to where those sales would have been a little bit higher as well as the vascular side even to a little bit to an extent. You saw clearly the U.S Id probably start with where the pressures are on the vascular side that youre seeing. With there, we have seen some market pressures. Weve seen like nearly a 10% decline in this market primarily pricing related and we are down a little bit on a share year over year basis. However, we are gaining share sequentially if you look through the fourth quarter to the first quarter where our share has picked up about a couple of points. And again, Xpedition I would say is early in its launch in the U.S. and so as we discussed before, we expect some continued share gain in the U.S and for that business to pick up as we move throughout the year on vascular.
Miles White: Larry, I would add to that for you, I think if you compare just on share in that business versus a year ago, I think were down about 2 points best as we can tell. On the other hand were on an uptick because we launched Xpedition just after the first of the year. So I would expect that to pick up. Pressure in vascular, very heavily a market pressure and part of it is competitive and pricing in the market and part of it is just utilization. I would say one of the benefits we have here looking across all these businesses, because we have the diverse portfolio we do and were in so many countries, we get the benefit of comparing the performances of different businesses across those different geographies. And I would tell you that as we look at the U.S, Japan, the European Union, Canada, et cetera, the developed markets and look across the various businesses, whether its vascular or diagnostics or any of these businesses, its pretty uniform, the growth rates and the market growth rates and frankly the business growth rates and pressures that we see. You can see the pressure or the economic conditions in the retail markets for our nutrition business. You can see it in the hospital market. You can see it in frankly any segment of market, the pharma markets and so forth. Theyre all pretty similar and what we take from that, obviously we know how were doing and we know how some of our competitors are doing and so forth. What we take from that there is an underlying call it economic malaise or weakens thats pretty consistent across the developed markets and its not unique to the U.S. Its not unique to Europe. It manifests itself in some different ways depending on how the products are paid for or by whom. Whether it's patient payer or government payer or third party insurer payer or so forth. But overall, they are pretty similar. And the conditions are such that you have got that headwind in literally all of the developed markets. And one way or another we are seeing it in each of these businesses. Conversely, in the emerging markets, it's just the opposite. And they are almost uniformly all pretty robust. They are a little more volatile, little less predictable, you have got some currency swings here and there and so forth, which is why it's great to be in a pretty broad portfolio of emerging markets and not over-indexed in any one. But the fact is, consistently across the board there are pretty healthy growth rates in those markets. And I would say that the unique distinctions among them pretty much blend out across them, whereas there is a lot more consistency across the weakness of the developed markets. Tom?
Tom Freyman: Just to answer your question on core lab, Larry. We outlined this in the earnings release but there was kind of a comp issue in the blood banking business and we had a really strong unusual order last year that was really non-recurring. So I would not trend out that first quarter and you should see better performance in the U.S. on core lab.
Miles White: Did we answer everything you asked there, Larry?
Larry Biegelsen: You did. Thank you. Let me just ask one follow-up of Tom. Thanks for providing the 2012 quarterly numbers. It's the first time to get to hear your perspective on those numbers. And just two things stood out to me. One is the gross margin came in at about 55%, thats what you are guiding to this year. And the tax rate was about 25% last year and you are guiding to 21% this year. So just curious on the gross margin. Why no improvement in 2013? And second, just wanted to understand, the tax rate, obviously a great improvement from 25% to 21%, but just a little bit of color on how you could then achieve 400 basis point improvement and maybe where it can go from here. Thanks.
Tom Freyman: Sure. Thanks, Larry. The gross margin is actually on an underlying basis improving across this business. We have about a 1% exchange headwind because of lag effect and hedges and the like, comparing '12 versus '13. And we said, we talked about this on the fourth quarter call that we would be flattish in gross margin but underlying is improving and it's just kind of tough year from an exchange comp perspective. So I think thats pretty consistent with what we have said before. Regarding the tax rate, there are a couple of things. When you look at the tax rate in this base line, clearly it's a carve-out or residual of a carve-out. You know we ran the whole company the way we ran it and we repatriated for the whole company and this is what shook out relative to the Abbott that we are now running. So it's just -- thats one thing to keep in mind. And really the two things that are causing the improvement over that carve-out if you will, is the tax law changes that were enacted and as you know at the beginning of the year, for the whole of 2012 we were unable to recognize any benefits associated with that. And there were certain provisions of that that went beyond the R&D tax credit that were helpful to the company. And we are seeing a shift of income to a better, lower tax jurisdiction, shall we say. Which is kind of a mix effect on income which is helping us to run at the 21% rate this year. So those are the reasons. And I guess, the other thing I would just note is, when you compare year-over-year progress in our growth, you know tax is helping it for sure but if you just call that aside and look at operating growth, we are still growing at that double-digit level, which is again the way we have built and what we hope to sustain the growth profile of this business. So thats the explanation on the tax rate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Roman from Goldman Sachs.
David Roman: I was hoping you could spend a little bit more time on the U.S. medical devices. Certainly we can appreciate some of the challenges in the coronary stent market as it relates to pricing and overall utilization. But I was hoping you could just expand upon it. Where do you think we are with respect to volumes? The PCI volumes have been down now for several years. I think was some perception that that was sort of cyclical, it's turning out to seem a little bit more secular. But how should we think about your vascular business going forward?
Brian Yoor: Yeah, David, this is Brian. I will start it off here and perhaps turn it over to Miles or Tom for more perspective. But we have seen on a year-over-year basis the PCIs, to your point, volume being down approximately 5%. And we are still continuing to see pricing pressures on a year-over-year basis almost as much as 7%. You write these things out with the other dynamics of the market. That was the 10% that I was talking about being down year over year. Id say sequentially we still are seeing some modest decline even sequentially in this price and PCI as well. If you look at some of the news that was out there and Miles mentioned it, theres a lot out there in terms of the healthcare space with some of the health management associations then reporting that theres certain utilizations that have just flattened off and we still continue to see that pressure. So for us in the U.S it really is going to be about the share momentum and gaining back as Miles mentioned with respect to the Xpedition launch.
Tom Freyman: But obviously its very similar to what weve been talking about throughout this call. Its really a tale of two markets. Developed world were more challenged, but the emerging markets grew 20% in the quarter in this and were seeing double digit PCI in a number of the Asian markets. So between this, MitraClip, ABSORB progress Xpedition launch and the like, theres a portfolio of growth drivers that we believe are going to help level off this business and start it back on the growth path globally.
Miles White: David, I think the other thing Id point out and I think Brian sort of covered it, first of all there are two dynamics going on here. One is BTI volume and one is the price. The quarter compares to a quarter a year ago. We also look at the most immediate past quarter, the fourth quarter in this case of 2012. So if you look at the current strength and current sequential trend, the difference you see versus a year ago has slowed considerably. So its PCI growth down 5%. Now on a sequential basis quarter to quarter barely a percent down. So the rate at which its declined would appear to be slowing, moderating, whatever, but it isnt recovering. That part is true. Its not recovering and the same I could say for price. Price hasnt taken a lot of pressure over the last three, four, five months, but it certainly did versus a year ago. So we look at it both ways. Whats the case versus year going and how theyre trending right now. And Id say both of those factors at least its impact has flattened modestly, slightly down maybe, but pretty much flattened, but it isnt recovering. So its a pretty, as you said, it wasnt temporary. It seems to be hanging in there. I think for a lot of the hospital segments frankly and I think hospitals today are even more aware of fixed budgets if not declining budgets and theyre putting a lot of pressure on utilization and or price procedures et cetera as they try to deal with hey, weve only got so much to spend and were trying to allocate it as best we can.
David Roman: That's helpful. And then maybe on the emerging markets piece, obviously another very strong quarter and you called out some of the highlights in key segments. What I was hoping you could just spend a couple seconds on is how you view the competitive dynamics stacking up across your biggest businesses and where -- is most of your growth coming from building new categories that didn't really previously exist in markets? Are you taking share? How do locals stack up? I know in China, for example, there are a decent cadre of local stent manufacturers, but your numbers continue to show quite a bit of strength. Maybe just help us frame out the competitive impact versus the new market development impact in those regions.
Miles White: I think first of all, its very heavily new market, new growth and thats why those markets are growing. As their healthcare system expand, as the medical practices expand, as incomes expand and so forth, you actually see the evolution of two or three, sometimes four pricing tiers and segments. Theres often a call it a high end niche. Theres a midmarket. Theres a lower tier and sometimes a very low tier. All of them are growing and you see a migration of that mid-tier to the upper tiers in some cases. In a lot of case the multinationals and or exporters that are not local manufacturers in those markets are in those upper tiers and trying to move down and the local manufacturers in the lower to mid-tier is trying to move up. We see that in almost every business were in. but I would tell you in spite of the fact theres multiple competitors, whether local or multinational and pretty healthy competition amongst us all, were all being driven by a heavy tailwind of growth in expansion and utilization in those markets as their healthcare system expands. So you can track in a lot of cases, and we were careful to look at this internally not to get too excited about our growth if we are not taking share. You know we want to be paying attention to whether or not we are winning in these markets and in the competition. It's wonderful to have the growth but at the same time we are mindful that your competitiveness is measured in your share as well. So I would tell you that the emerging markets are very very much a tailwind of growth but at the same time we are all mindful of the competition.
David Roman: Okay. And then maybe lastly on EPD. I think one of the things that you had communicated on the fourth quarter conference call was some expectation for moderation of pressure in Europe throughout the course of the year, given some of the austerity measures that were in place last year perhaps sort of stabilizing. Any visibility on that at this point or is that something that we'd sort of have to wait and see how that plays out over the course of the year?
Miles White: Yeah, I am afraid it falls into the wait and see category. No, I am not seeing it yet. It's something we expect in the second half of the year. But no, we are not seeing it yet. I think what we are seeing right now is the flow-through of the measures in the past, as I said 12 months or 2012, there were a lot of pricing actions taken by governments and we are seeing that flow through the business now in the comps. And I would expect to see us lap some of that and see it moderate in the second half of the year but we havent seen it yet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rick Weiss from Stifel.
Rick Weiss: I will start off on the diabetes side. You are clearly doing well in emerging markets, you have softer outlook I assume in part due to the new U.S. reimbursement, lower reimbursement, CMS reimbursement for diabetes test strips. Just if you could give us your perspective on some of the next drivers in diabetes. Is this sharp reduction in test strip reimbursement reflected in the numbers and maybe remind us of the Medicare and non-Medicare mix in the business in the U.S. business?
Miles White: Well, in the U.S., first of all, I would say it's one of those rare circumstances where you are glad your share is not real high in a particular segment. I really dont know if it sounds like some rationalization but we are not -- we dont have a real high Medicare share. And we have one of the lowest shares in mail order. So the CMS competitive bidding that has been put in place in the United States is going to have an impact on all manufacturers. But it's frankly, relatively speaking, less on us because we are not highly indexed there. The business itself has segmented and focused on the high testing or frequenting testing insulin dependent user for quite some time. And thats a more robust segment where we have been steadily incrementally gaining some share, we have targeted our R&D efforts on next generation sensors and testing on those users that are looking for more than just a test strip and a test. So looking for a lot more information management, lot more user testing and so forth. So I would tell you that the product lines that we have in development in that business today which I think are very innovative and will have tremendous value for those patients, are steadily moving along. I was just recently out in California meeting with the group for a day, and I am very pleased with what I see there. I think that we have targeted a segment of the market that is a lot less, say cost sensitive and much more performance sensitive around what they are testing and information gives them. And I am thinking that the business is certainly positioned in the right place going forward here over the coming years today, and it's a very tough competitive commodity like market for the type 2s and the less frequent testers and in the U.S. Tom?
Tom Freyman: Rick, I would just say that when we went through our planning process last fall, I mean it was very clear what was coming in competitive bidding in the business and our plan totally factored in pretty much what had played out in the bidding process. So we are well covered in our guidance for the evolution of the U.S. market here.
Rick Weiss: Good. And on the EPD side. You have talked about launching new and different formulations of existing drugs and (inaudible) drugs in the portfolio in new additional geographies. Can you update us there and your progress there? What we should be looking for on those front?
Miles White: Yeah, as I mentioned in my remarks, there were 45 of them that came through in the first quarter. There have been hundreds of submissions made to the various regulatory bodies around the world and one of the things were finding is that those regulatory bodies are capacity constrained in their ability to process registrations in a number of countries. So its slower going than we might hope, but were making progress and its something that each of our local regulatory people is working through with the various regulatory bodies in each country. But were making progress with it and as we do its gradually expanding the product lines. One of the things were trying to do is prioritize into those registrations that are higher volume, higher likely usage and so forth ahead of those that are less so to fill out our product launch. Trying to get the priority straight. Thats not always easy to do with the regulatory body because their interests arent necessarily the same as our interests. But were making progress there.
Rick Wise: And just last, Miles, I hate to always ask you about acquisition plans. It's hard to resist, since I'm asked -- it's almost the first question I get asked every time I speak about Abbott. And just I guess your latest thoughts on strategy and focus. I get asked about your priorities, U.S or OUS, one business or another. And maybe talk about the pressure you feel or don't feel to move forward on that front. Thanks.
Miles White: I guess Id answer it a couple of different ways. I dont feel any particular pressure because I think theres a balance between the things you might like to do strategically or look at versus the pricing or the values in the market or whatever the case may be. We like to think, Im sure every business and competitor out there likes to think that we are prudent stewards of shareholder values and that we make prudent deals and so forth when we do. Our track record has been pretty good that way. But were mindful of that and I think it depends. There have been some areas of the business that weve wanted to expand obviously and I think Ive commented in the past. Were looking at quite a wide variety of potential things in the device businesses to expand our device footprint and platforms and so on. But it depends where and when theyre ready and or we like what we see at the value we see, et cetera. So Id say were always active there. We were not so active last year because first of all I think a lot of things werent ready and secondly we were pretty focused on all of the activity with regard to the separation. But having the separation activity behind us, were able to turn our attention now to what some of those things may be, but it doesnt mean were out on a buying spree either. I think we tend to be pretty selective. We always balance it versus the value of the business and what we can do with the business and the capacity of our businesses to absorb additional new things to do because whether its big or small it takes a lot of effort to put it into your portfolio and drive it appropriately. So Id say were actively looking there. Were not trying to -- Id say in the device businesses and so forth, were not U.S versus not U.S or overseas or whatever. I think as everyone in this market can tell, its often faster to be in the markets in Europe than it is in the U.S these days and I think thats fairly apparent. But that doesnt mean you only buy ex-U.S businesses or look at licensing products ex-U.S. the U.S is still a very important market to us and its one in which we have ambitions to keep growing in our device businesses. So theres no distinction geographically there at all. In our EPD business, that business is not in the U.S and it has no intention to be. So any interest we have in properties there that might expand our geographic footprints would all be ex-U.S. and again, we follow that pretty regularly, but I have to say the valuations and things that weve seen in a lot of cases havent made sense to us. So were careful about that. And then in nutrition Id say our nutrition business has some interest in some things. I would characterize them as relatively small and given the growth rate of the business, I dont think theres any need there. It would have to be a particular opportunity we thought had robust potential because with the way the business is performing you dont want to over distract it with an acquisition or integration when its hitting on all cylinders like it is. So Im sure that kind of describes the waterfront there. I am intentionally not going to be specific with you about what we may be looking at. When we were doing our road shows last fall, I did get a lot of questions on it from investors and analysts. And I always get specific questions about specific businesses or specific segments, that I realize our investors have other investments in and they are trying to triangulate on interest. But there is nothing I have been asked about that we havent been following or looking at closely or studying, or looking at in some fashion. I think one of the things that makes any company successful in the M&A or licensing area is that you have done your homework and you have been doing it overtime, so that when you finally decide to make a move with something, you know you have had a lot of diligence and you know why you want to do it and so forth and you are ready. And I would tell you that thats always been our practice to kind of be on top of whatever portfolio of opportunities there might be for us.
Miles White: Okay. Elan, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from Glenn Novarro from RBC.
Glenn Novarro: I just had a follow up on the use of cash. Tom, you highlighted the dividend as well as some debt pay down. But what about share buyback? Is that something of focus and how should we think about shares outstanding? And then I had one more follow-up on the use of cash.
Tom Freyman: Well, I did mention them when I gave my recap there. Share buyback has always been part of our mix of use of cash. We have bought a fair amount of shares in the first quarter and it's something we continue to look at as we progress through the year. So absolutely it's an important part of the mix for us, it's a good way to return cash to shareholders and obviously with the view we have about the long term of this company, it's a good investment for our shareholders. So, absolutely, it's part of the mix and we did execute on a fair amount of that in the first quarter.
Glenn Novarro: Is there a target for shares outstanding by the end of the year?
Tom Freyman: I wouldnt say that. I mean sometimes that fluctuates with the stock price fluctuations and the impact on diluted shares. But what we have is the target for deploying cash into share buyback and we executed on a fair amount of that in the first part of the year here.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. And then just as a follow up. I would assume that most of your cash is now sitting outside the U.S. So if thats correct, how does that impact, this is specifically for Miles, how does this impact your M&A thoughts. I would think more target would therefore be outside the U.S.
Miles White: Well, I dont necessarily target the businesses by -- or the interest strategically by where the cash is. You know we first look at the strategic fit of any given business of interest to us, with the businesses we are in or what we can do with it. And obviously we look at returns and all the obvious and important metrics that we ought to look at. And then depending on our access to cash or where that business maybe, we have that as a consideration. But I would tell you, we dont start with that as a constraint, we dont start with it as necessarily the determining factor of where we ought to be hunting or looking. And our interest outside the U.S. is because, frankly, thats where the growth is and it's an awful lot of growth and we want to feed that growth. So to the extent that we can invest in that growth, we do. And therefore in some ways it's very convenient to have significant portions of cash outside the U.S. to support that growth. Now having said that, there are things that we also are interested in that are in the U.S. and device businesses in particular tend to be U.S. centric, at least as a point of resonance. And we dont feel like we are particularly constrained or unable to react to ones that we are interested in to acquire. We have found it possible to manage our cash and our returns appropriately. So while I would say it would be nice if the U.S. government continued its efforts with tax reform at some point which would find a path to allow companies economic repatriation that would certainly be in everybody's interest. But right now it's not determining where we focus our M&A activity.
Brian Yoor: Well, thank you, Elan and thanks to everyone for your questions. And that concludes Abbott's conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11.00 AM Central Time today on Abbotts Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com, and after 11.00 AM Central Time via telephone at 402-998-0462; pass code 4638. The audio replay will be available until 4.00 PM Central Time on Wednesday, May 1. Thank you for joining us today.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. Brian Yoor, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Brian Yoor: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Joining me today on the call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide his opening remarks in our 2013 outlook. Tom will then provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter and full year 2012 performance as well as some additional detail on our 2013 outlook and guidance. I will then provide highlights and guidance for each of our major businesses. Following our comments, Miles, Tom and I will take your questions. Please note that our discussion of 2012 performance will include results of what is now AbbVie. However, AbbVie will provide additional highlights and details of their 2012 performance and 2013 outlook on their call Next Wednesday, January 30. Before we get started, some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the planned separation of the research-based pharmaceutical company from the diversified medical products company and the expected financial results of the 2 companies after the separation. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1a, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and in the interim reports filed on form 10-Q for subsequent quarterly periods. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments except as required by law. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Okay, thanks Brian. Good morning. This morning I will review our 2012 results and our outlook for 2013. Abbott reported another year of strong performance in 2012 and executed on a number of key actions that will drive future growth for the company. On January 1, we launched AbbVie as an independent Fortune 200 biopharmaceutical company. The creation of AbbVie is a significant event in Abbotts history and our ability to change is the reason that Abbott has endured as evidenced by the fact that in 2013 we also enter our 125th year well positioned for future success. As we announced this morning, we expect to deliver another year of strong performance. We issued ongoing 2013 EPS guidance of $1.98 to $2.04, representing double digit growth over 2012. Ill talk more about the year ahead in just a moment. As Brian mentioned, our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results are for total Abbott and include the proprietary pharmaceutical business. So for the full year 2012, Abbott delivered ongoing EPS growth that exceeded our initial guidance range. We also generated record operating cash flow of more than $9 billion, returning more than $3 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends. Weve increased our dividend payout for 40 consecutive years. Abbott is one of only a handful of companies to deliver with such consistency. Since our separation announcement in October 2011 to the end of last year, Abbott stock price appreciation and dividends generated a total shareholder return of nearly 30%, compared to the S&P 500 return of somewhat above 19%. Before I review our business results, I want to spend a few minutes on the longer term outlook for the company, with the expectation that Abbott will be one of the largest and fastest growing diversified healthcare investments. Over the last several years we recognized the significant economic and demographic shifts that are changing the healthcare industry, including the development of healthcare systems and improving economic conditions in emerging economies, a global population thats growing older and living longer, resulting in an increase in age related and chronic diseases, and the increasing focus on the type of innovation that reduces costs for payers in addition to improving outcomes for patients and delivering value to customers. Abbott is well positioned to become a leader in this new environment. Were balanced across four business segments; Branded Generics, Medical Devices, Diagnostics and Nutrition. These businesses also provide us with a diverse customer base and payer mix. We are more weighted to the growth thats taking place in emerging economies, with the expectation that 50% of our sales will occur in these faster growing economies and geographies by 2015. We hold leadership positions across all of our major businesses. We have many opportunities in our broad based pipeline. This includes next-generation diagnostic systems, medical devices in coronary, endovascular and structural heart, as well as innovations that are important to our customer facing businesses in branded generics and nutrition. These businesses have more rapid R&D cycles focused on brand enhancements, local solutions and improved formulations and packaging. And we remain focused on financial discipline and operational execution as we expand margins and continue to generate very strong cash flow, upwards of $4 billion this year. Moving on to our 2012 results and outlook for the businesses that comprise the new Abbott. Full year 2012 new Abbott sales increased mid-single digits operationally, adjusted for the transitional items we have discussed before. The impact of Promus royalty revenues and our direct distribution initiatives in nutrition. Emerging market sales for new Abbott which represented nearly 40% of sales continued to drive growth increasing double-digits operationally. As we have discussed over the past year, going forward Abbott will be comprised of four roughly equal sized businesses and I will provide a brief overview of each. In our established pharmaceutical division, or EPD, we are generating in international sales from a large and growing portfolio of hundreds of branded generic pharmaceuticals that have broad use throughout the world. 60% of EPDs sales are in emerging markets and 40% are in developed markets. While full year 2012 sales in developed markets were impacted by austerity measures, sales in emerging markets generated strong growth. EPD has a number of early stage geographic and product expansion initiatives underway, including more than 150 registration approvals and new product launches expected in 2013. As these initiatives generate new growth opportunities and as faster growing emerging markets become a larger percentage of EPDs sales base, we expect to see steadily improving growth. Our medical device businesses include diabetes care, vision care, and vascular devices. In diabetes care in 2012, we continued the global rollout of our FreeStyle InsuLinx glucose meter. Its the foundation of our diabetes pipeline where we are focused on addressing the needs of insulin users. In 2013, we are planning on several new product and software launches as well as initiating our pivotal clinical trial for our next generation sensor that we expect to first bring to the European market by the end of 2014. In vision care we launched several new products in 2012, primarily in our cataract business which now represents nearly 65% of our vision care sales. We have outpaced the growth of the cataract market driven by double-digit growth in emerging markets and share gains in the premium intraocular lens segment led by our TECNIS brand. Cataract surgery remains the number one surgical procedure in the world and its a market that will continue to grow as the worlds population ages. And in vascular devices, we are seeing this business grow most rapidly outside the United States where we now have more than 60% of vascular sales. We launched several important new products last year that solidified our position as the number one vascular device company globally. And as we look to 2013, we expect to accelerate growth by first gaining share with our leading drug-eluting product portfolio. We launched our new Xience Xpedition drug-eluting stent in Europe in August, and in the U.S. this month. We expect to launch Expedition in Japan mid-year. Second, building on the 2012 international launch of ABSORB, the worlds first and only bioresorbable vascular scaffold, which is now available in more than 30 countries including most recently India. Our pivotal clinical trial for U.S. approval is also now underway. Third, accelerating sales of our structural heart device, MitraClip, in international markets. We are planning for an FDA panel in the first half of this year as we work to bring this important product to the U.S. market. Four, expanding our market share in endovascular, where we are applying our expertise and developing best in class coronary devices to increase our penetration of this faster growing market. And finally, driving continued strong growth in emerging markets where interventional procedures are growing double-digits and penetration remains low. This geographic segment comprises more than 20% of total vascular sales and has been growing at a strong double-digit pace. We expect this type of growth in emerging markets to continue in 2013. Diagnostics had another impressive year in terms of both sales and margin growth. Full year 2012 operational sales increased more than 7% and operating margin approached 19% of sales. We expect another year of strong performance in 2013. Core Laboratory Diagnostics delivered 7% operational growth for the full year. 80% of this division sales occur outside the United States with more than 35% of sales in emerging geographies. We are focused on China, Brazil and Russia, which combined have grown 30% year-to-date. China is our largest growth opportunity where we have seen an increasing demand for industry-leading systems such as ARCHITECT and PRISM, as this country continues to invest to improve its healthcare system. Molecular and point of care round out our diverse portfolio of diagnostics offerings. Were growing both businesses as we increase penetration of systems and tests in the developed world and expand in emerging markets. We also plan to launch several new instrument platforms across our diagnostics portfolio over the next several years. These systems add new features that are important to our customers such as speed, scalability and shorter turnaround time. Lowering cost is also a major design objective for these programs. While well invest in diagnostics R&D at a somewhat higher level in 2013 to deliver these future growth opportunities, we expect continued steady expansion of diagnostics operating margin over the year ahead. We remain on track to well exceed our original target of 20% of sales over the next few years. And finally, our nutrition business had a very strong fourth quarter, with worldwide operational sales growth of 10%, building continued momentum for 2013. Nutrition is the fasted growing business in our portfolio and has the most opportunity for margin expansion. In 2012, we had a number of key achievements that continue to position us well for future growth. In the U.S, we saw strong growth across our key brands, maintaining our leading infant formula share with Similac and delivering double digit growth of both PediaSure and Ensure. Outside of the U.S, emerging market sales comprised more than 40% of our nutrition sales and they grew double digits for the full year for both pediatric and adult. Weve seen outstanding productivity from our R&D organization, with 80 product launches in 2012. We made good progress on the expansion of global capacity in the U.S, China and India. Our three new manufacturing facilities are expected to come online by early next year. And we exceeded our 2012 expectations for operating margin improvement and remain on track for our goal of exceeding 20% of sales by 2015. So in summary, New Abbott is a diversified, differentiated, large capital care investment opportunity well positioned to deliver top-tier growth and as we look to the future, we see significant opportunity ahead. We hold leadership positions across our major businesses and were delivering customer focused innovation. Our portfolio is aligned with favorable demographics that are driving growth in healthcare. We have a large presence in rapidly growing emerging markets. Were focused on expanding margins across our businesses and we have strong cash flow generation which will provide ample resources for investments in future growth and returns to shareholders. Ill now turn the call over to Tom who will review 2012 results and the 2013 outlook in more detail. Tom?
Thomas Freyman: Thanks Miles. Before I review our financial performance, Id like to explain how well handle the transition from pre-separation Abbott results to post-separation Abbott results. In our remarks today regarding 2012, our results reflect all of the pre-separation businesses, including the proprietary pharmaceutical business. Our 2013 guidance and outlook will reflect only the new Abbott businesses. Regarding 2013 comparisons to 2012 for New Abbott, we plan to provide investors with a post-separation base line of the quarterly income statement on both the GAAP and non-GAAP basis with appropriate reconciliations prior to our first quarter earnings release in April. This will be for 2012. In order to provide this information, we must first complete in the coming weeks the so-called audited carve out of AbbVie results from Abbotts combined fourth quarter results. So while we dont have the final 2012 baseline established as of todays call, we understand that investors are looking for perspective on 2013 growth rates on both the top and bottom line. With that in mind, today well provide you with our projections of full year sales and ongoing earnings per share growth in 2013 over an estimated 2012 baseline. Please keep in mind the growth rates against the actual 2000 baseline may change somewhat once the final 2012 carve out is completed. Lets move on to our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results for the total company. Were very pleased with how we ended 2012 as we exceeded our initial expectations for ongoing earnings per share for the full year. For the fourth quarter, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share of $1.51, in line with our previous guidance range. Sales for the quarter increased 5.6% on an operational basis and 4.4% on a reported basis, that is including an unfavorable 1.2% impact from foreign exchange. These results are in line with the expectations we provided on our third quarter call. We continue to see strong growth in emerging markets particularly as Miles mentioned in those businesses that will comprise New Abbott, with these sales growing double digits on an operational basis in the quarter. As we discussed in previous quarters, sales growth trends for New Abbott businesses have been affected by two factors that are transitional in nature. First, the phase out of Promus royalty revenues in our vascular business. This impacted year-over-year sales growth in 2012 and continues into the first quarter of 2013 for Japan sales. And second, the shift to direct distribution in certain markets in our international nutrition business. Adjusting for these transitional factors new Abbott operational sales growth would have been in the mid-single digits for the fourth quarter and the full year 2012. The fourth quarter adjusted gross margins ratio for the total company was 63.3%, in line with expectations including a negative exchange effect of 130 basis points. Recall from our third quarter call that we expected the trend of favorable foreign exchange impact on the gross margin ratio that we had seen through nine-months to reserve in the fourth quarter and continue into 2013. This is whats occurring as we anticipated. Excluding the impact of exchange, our underlying ongoing gross margin ratio improved by around 80 basis points. Overall, as we look at 2012, we delivered a strong ongoing earnings per share growth despite a challenging environment and a foreign exchange headwind on sales of almost 3%. We generate record full-year operating cash flow of more than $9 billion in 2012, exceeding our initial expectations and our forecast for the fourth quarter. And we delivered these results while we successfully launched AbbVie. Looking ahead to 2013, as of January 1, Abbott and AbbVie began operating as independent companies. As indicated, all my remarks for 2012 were for the entire pre-separation results of legacy Abbott, the guidance I will now provide reflects the outlook only for new Abbott. The AbbVie management team will discuss its outlook on a separate conference call next week. Today we issued full year ongoing earnings per share guidance of $1.98 to $2.04. As previously discussed, our non-GAAP ongoing EPS metric going forward excludes the impact of intangible amortization expense forecasted at $0.40 per share in 2013, as well as other specified items discussed in our earnings news release. We believe this metric provides a meaningful measurement for assessing Abbott earnings power and growth. The mid-point of our guidance range represents double-digit ongoing earnings per share growth based on an estimated 2012 ongoing EPS base line. Sales for those businesses comprising new Abbott approached $21.5 billion in 2012. Consistent with financial profile expectations we communicated on our third quarter call, we expect 2013 full year operational sales growth, that is excluding the impact of foreign exchange, in the mid to high single digits. While the impact of exchange varies across our businesses, based on current exchange rates we would expect exchange to have a slightly negative impact overall on our full year reported sales. Brian will review our growth outlooks by business in a few minutes. From a geographic perspective, we expect continued double-digit full year operational sales growth in emerging markets for 2013. As we have discussed before, approximately 70% of Abbott sales are generated outside of U.S. and approximately 40% of sales are in emerging markets, which we expect to continue increasing as a percent of Abbotts total sales overtime. We are forecasting a full year ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio, again excluding intangible amortization expense of approximately 55% consistent with the modeling guidance provided on the third quarter call. We are forecasting continued investments in R&D to drive long-term growth in 2013 and beyond with full year ongoing R&D of 6% to 7% of sales. We forecast ongoing SG&A expense somewhat above 30% of sales for the full year 2013. We expect this ratio to decline as we progress through the quarter this year and it reflects meaningful leverage over 2012 -- the 2012 estimated base line. I would note that SG&A includes the estimated impact from the medical device tax under the U.S. Affordable Care Act that begins in 2013. Overall, we expect to expand our full year ongoing operating margin by around 100 basis points in 2013. We are forecasting net interest expense of around $110 million in 2013. Non-operating income of approximately $20 million and around $50 million of expense in the exchange gain/loss line of the P&L. We are projecting the full year tax rate in 2013 at around 21%, which now includes the 2013 U.S. R&D tax credit enacted into law at January 2. As we move into the post-separation period, 2013 will also be the first year we report quarterly results for New Abbott. Certain items that span both 2013 and 2012 are expected to affect the quarterly comparisons to the 2012 baseline. These include the impact of exchange rates on sales and margin between the years, a line down of Promus revenues in Japan in the first quarter of 2013 and non-operating income recorded in 2012. We expect these anomalies to result in less ongoing earnings per share growth in the first half of the year and more in the second. However, after adjusting for these items, the underlying earnings growth for New Abbott each quarter is forecasted to be strong and more in line with our full year outlook for double digit ongoing EPS growth. Today and as we progress through the year, where significant, we will communicate in advance these types of items that would affect upcoming quarterly earnings comparisons to 2012. So specifically, with regard to the first quarter of 2013, today were providing ongoing EPS guidance that is before specified items of $0.40 to $0.42 per share. We forecast specified items of approximately $0.17 in the first quarter, reflecting intangible amortization expense, separation cost and cost reduction programs. Our operational sales growth in the first quarter is expected to be low to mid-single digits off of 2012 baseline approaching $5.3 billion. At current exchange rates, the first quarter is our most difficult sales comparison with almost 1.5% negative impact from exchange which would result in reported sales growth in the low single digits. We expect the last quarter of the winding down of Promus in Japan be a sales headwind of somewhat less than 1% in the first quarter. Were forecasting an ongoing adjusted gross margin ratio, again excluding intangible amortization expense, that approaches 55% in the first quarter, ongoing R&D at around 7% of sales and ongoing SG&A expense of a little over 32% of sales. Finally Id note that we had around $40 million of non-operating income in the first quarter of 2012 related to a contractual settlement which is non-recurring in 2013. At this time, wed also like to provide an early view of the ongoing P&L profile of the system as we see it in the second quarter of 2013. At this time we forecast operational sales growth in the second quarter in the mid to upper single digits off of 2012 baseline of around $5.3 billion. We currently expect the second quarter gross margin to be negatively impacted by year-over-year effects of exchange. So at this point, we forecast the adjusted ongoing gross margin ratio at around 54.5% of sales in the second quarter. We forecast ongoing R&D expense at around 6.5% and ongoing SG&A expense falling below 32% of sales in the second quarter of 2013. So in summary, we delivered a strong ongoing earnings per share growth in 2012, which exceeded our initial forecast, while at the same time executing the steps necessary to launch AbbVie as an independent company. Our 2013 outlook for Abbott reflects strong performance on the topline and double digit ongoing EPS growth as we continue to build Abbott to be a top-tier performer in the years ahead. With that, lets turn to the business operating highlights. Brian?
Brian Yoor: Thanks Tom. This morning Ill provide a brief overview of the fourth quarter and full year 2012 performance for each of our major businesses that comprise the New Abbott. Ill also review our 2013 sales outlook by business. My comments will focus primarily on operational sales growth, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange. Ill start with our established pharmaceuticals business or EPD, where sales in the fourth quarter and the full year increased in the low single digits on an operational basis. Full year 2012 sales in the emerging markets grew high single digits on an operational basis, with the BRIC and key emerging markets growing mid-teens. This growth was largely offset by mid-single digit declines in developed markets where austerity measures impacted performance. In 2013, we expect to accelerate operational sales growth from the low single digits into the mid-single digits by executing on a number of product and geographic expansion initiatives. Were also moving a large number of registrations through our pipeline and regulatory approval process. This includes increasing the breadth of our product offerings by launching new and improved formulations of our current trusted brands such as Creon and Brufen as well as launching new products, such as Amitiza which we recently launched in Japan; expanding geographically, including registrations of numerous productions across multiple geographies such as Central and Eastern Europe and Africa. And accelerating and capturing new sources of growth through select licensing agreements. Through our agreement with [Noble] in Turkey, we are expanding our cardio-metabolic offering and through our agreement with Zydus we are launching new products into key Eastern European markets. We expect to deliver double-digit growth in emerging markets in 2013 growing faster than the market in many key countries where we have strong positions. We are particularly focused on the BRIC markets as well as several additional key emerging markets. We expect our total emerging markets sales base to increase to approximately 65% of total EPD sales in 2013, up from 60% of EPD today. So for the full year 2013 in EPD, we expect mid-single digit operational sales growth with continued strong bottom line performance. At current exchange rates this business would be relatively more impacted by exchange in 2013, so we would expect full year reported sales growth in the low to mid-single digits. For the first quarter of 2013, we expect low single digit operational growth with higher sales growth in the second half of 2013. Including the impact of foreign exchange, we expect a low single-digit decline in EPD sales in the first quarter. Moving on to medical devices. In diabetes care, global sales in the fourth quarter increased more than 4% on an operational basis. In the U.S. in the retail segment of the market, we continued to grow faster than our competition and moved into the number two market position during 2012. Outside of the U.S., sales growth was driven by share gains in key emerging markets and continued uptake of our FreeStyle InsuLinx meter. Looking ahead to 2013, we expect sales to be relatively flat on an operational and reported basis. While we expect continued growth in key emerging markets, the 2013 implementation of CMS competitive bidding for Medicare patients will impact sales in the U.S. In vision care, global operational sales increased in the low single-digits for the fourth quarter and the full year. While our LASIK business continues to be affected by economic conditions, we have seen a steady acceleration in the growth of our cataract business which now represents nearly 65% of our global vision care sales. We also saw continued strong double-digit cataract growth in emerging markets including strong performance in India and China. For 2013, we expect low single-digit operational and reported sales growth in our vision care business driven by continued growth in cataract sales and continued emerging market expansion. In our vascular business, adjusted for the impact of non-commercial revenues including Promus, full year worldwide vascular sales increased 3.5% on an operational basis. As a reminder, while the impact from the U.S. Promus transition was completed last year, the impact from the Japan Promus transition will continue into the first quarter of 2013. Global sales in the fourth quarter of 2012, adjusted for the impact of non-commercial revenues and foreign exchange, increased modestly. International sales which comprised more than 60% of total vascular sales, increased 8% operationally. This was primarily offset by the expected decline in U.S. XIENCE sales reflecting drug-eluting stent market dynamics as well as the difficult comparison to the fourth quarter 2011 when XIENCE PRIME was launched in the U.S. market. International sales represent nearly 70% of our drug-eluting coronary product portfolio which now includes both our market leading XIENCE stents as well our new bioresorbable vascular scaffold ABSORB. International DES sales increased nearly 13% on an operational basis in the quarter. We expect to increase market share in 2013 with the continued global launch of our new more deliverable XIENCE Xpedition drug-eluting stent and our BVS ABSORB. Since our launch of both new products last year in Europe, we have seen meaningful share gains, solidifying our deliverability advantage with Xpedition and establishing a new path forward in this market with ABSORB. In endovascular, sales increased in the low-single digits in the fourth quarter and on an operational basis, including continued strong growth internationally. In structural heart, MitraClip, which is our first in class treatment for mitral regurgitation, continues to see strong demand outside of the United States with sales of nearly $30 million in the fourth quarter. We have nearly doubled our 2012 sales over 2011 and plan to nearly double sales again in 2013. Starting this month, MitraClip will receive formal reimbursement coverage in Germany which is where the majority of MitraClip procedures occur today. Looking ahead to 2013, we expect low to mid-single digit operational and reported sales growth for our vascular business, driven by several new product launches as well as continued strong growth internationally, particularly in emerging markets. For the first quarter of 2013, including the impact from the wind down of the Promus transition in Japan and foreign exchange, we expect reported sales to decline in the low single digits. Adjusting for both of these items, we expect first quarter sales to increase in the low single digits. Moving on to Diagnostics. In Core Lab Diagnostics, operational sales increased nearly 6% for the fourth quarter and 7% for the full year. As Miles mentioned, emerging market sales represent 35% of total sales, an increase in the mid-teens for both the fourth quarter and the full year. We expect the emerging markets to represent more than 40% of Core Laboratory Diagnostics sales in the next several years. In addition to delivering strong sales growth, we are also delivering on our pipeline. We recently launched two new tests on our architect platform that continue to broaden our menu and differentiate us from the competition. In the coming months, were also launching a next-generation automation solution to improve efficiencies in the lab. In Point of Care Diagnostics, worldwide sales increased more than 14% on an operational basis. And in Molecular Diagnostics, worldwide sales increased 5% on an operational basis for the fourth quarter. For 2013, we expect our worldwide diagnostics businesses, including Core Laboratory Diagnostics, Point of Care and Molecular to generate mid to high single digit operational and reported sales growth, with double digit growth in both Point of Care and Molecular Diagnostics. And finally in our nutritionals business, global sales increased 10% in the fourth quarter on an operational basis, driven by high single digit growth in the U.S and double digit growth internationally. In the U.S, pediatric sales increased more than 8% during the quarter, including strong double digit growth of both our PediaSure and Pedialyte toddler brands. U.S adult sales also increased double digits, driven by continued strong growth of Ensure where weve continued to launch new innovations to drive sustainable growth. Outside of the U.S, pediatric sales increased 14% on an operational basis in the quarter. We launched several new products in the fourth quarter in key global markets, including the continued rollout of our Similac, Total Comfort infant formula brand, as well as other specialty toddlers products. Adult nutrition sales increased mid-single digits driven by continued strong growth of both Ensure and Glucerna. We also made significant progress during the year on our margin expansion initiative in nutrition. For the full year 2012, our operating margin improved nearly 250 basis points over 2011. Key drivers of improvement in this division remain focus on driving down manufacturing costs, reducing freight and distribution costs, focusing our products and geographies on profitable growth and optimizing our supply chain. So as we look ahead to 2013 for our global nutrition business, were forecasting sales to approach double digit growth on an operational and reported basis. This includes low to mid-single digit growth in our U.S business and double digit growth in our international business. So in summary, in 2012 we completed our planned separation into two leading global healthcare companies and demonstrated strength through our financial performance. As we move into 2013, Abbott is well positioned to deliver durable, top-tier growth as a diversified healthcare company, one with a broad and balanced portfolio of leadership businesses that are aligned with favorable demographic and healthcare trends. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our first question today is from Mike Weinstein from JP Morgan.
Michael Weinstein: I have a bunch of questions. Let me start with, could you just spend a minute, Tom, on the spread between the GAAP and cash guidance for 2013. Its obviously more than the amortization expense. So are you just assuming certain charges that will run through over the course of the year and thats why the GAAP numbers are off?
Thomas Freyman: Yeah. Theres two basic things happened beyond amortization. Theres a little bit of post-separation. I call it residual separation cost and theres some previously announced actions we took in areas of cost reduction, particularly in areas that impact manufacturing that do carryover into 2013. So thats the difference.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And then can you -- two questions, one, do you have, Tom, a new Abbott EPS number at this point for 2012. And the second, can you aggregate up all the divisional revenue guidance to what your organic revenue guidance is in reported revenue guidance for 2013 for the total company.
Tom Freyman: On the second point, we provided mid to upper overall operational growth as guidance for 2013 and if you were to go through all the details that Brian outlines in his remarks, those details will build up to that type of growth. So I think you will find that certainly this all hangs together. With regard to the 2012 base line, as I spent a few minutes in my remarks, we need to provide investors and we plan to do so before the first quarter call with the adjusted 2012, effectively continuing operations base line for new Abbott. As I indicated in my remarks, we can't really do that until we have completed this carve out work which we still need to complete the fourth quarter which we are going to do in the coming weeks. And once we do that, we will be provide you detailed quarterly GAAP and non-GAAP reconciled P&L base line, if you will. But of course we have done some modeling, and as we model it and based upon this guidance range and if you take the middle of this ongoing range we have provided, that would be double-digit growth plus over what we believe the 2012 base line will come in at. So I think things are very consistent with what we have been saying and it just kind of takes us a little bit of time to come up with the precise numbers. Among the challenges we will have when we present that is just effectively normalizing capital structure between the year. As you know when we look at the carve out of AbbVie, AbbVie did not have debt in the carve out. They do have debt going forward. Abbott will have less debt than what we have had historically in the implied carve out of the Abbott side. So there will be some adjustments in those areas where we will build a 2012 base line thats meaningful relative to how we are growing the business in 2013. Hopefully that answers your question.
Michael Weinstein: Yeah. And then maybe, Miles, I want to zip it on this last one. But EPD is probably the business that people have probably the least amount of visibility into and probably the least amount of conviction in terms of sustainability of mid to high-single digit growth which you guys have talked about. Can you just talk a little bit about the strategy to accelerate growth of those, what looks to be a subpar year in 2012?
Miles White: Yeah, I think you are right. I think people do lack a certain understanding or visibility to the business, Mike. And I think it comes from two major dimensions. One is, there is a lot less, call it publicly available sources of data for a lot of the countries that make up this business, at least for you know analysts and investors to have an independent look at. And there is a lot of countries here as you know. But I think the first thing is that the absence of that and the second is, this is a business thats a segment business. Meaning there is a proprietary pharma business in a lot of countries, there is a commodity generic business in a lot of countries, and there is a branded generic business. And they are all three different. They are different. And this branded generic business is quite large and much more like our nutrition business. Its very consumer facing and a lot more like that in terms of consumer choice, consumer pay etcetera. And thats why some of the lack of complete understanding and so on. The business however is quite attractive. Its very profitable, its quite attractive. Its growing very nicely. But its a story of really two geographies and maybe two market segments. 60% of the business now is in what we will characterize as emerging or growth markets and 40% of it is in developed markets. And those developed markets as you know, have been under a fair amount of austerity pressure. So if I were going to [do you] an upgrade, so we get a tale of two different segments here. The BRIC countries and the other emerging markets and so forth depending on which markets, are either growing very high single digits or mid-teens, double-digits etcetera on the sales line. And so the emerging markets collectively grow in double-digits, very healthy. But Europe, in particular, is experiencing the kind of austerity pressure on pricing and utilization that its experiencing for many products, even outside of healthcare. So the developed markets have been down in the last quarters mid-single digits and sort of two steps forward, one step back for a while here. So theres a couple of things that will evolve, that will drive EPDs growth. We believe very strongly in the growth in the various emerging markets. That will be driven by the launch of new products, of which there are many this year, new registration. So, the expansion of our product lines and the launch of new or improved products that have significant potential in these markets. So that will drive some of it. Were still rolling out geographic expansion. That will drive some growth and then weve got good momentum in a number of these markets. So I think certainly on the emerging side, its all going, Id say pretty much according to what we would expect. The European piece or developed market piece, in effect were talking about Europe, Id say if that can stabilize and thats getting an awful lot of attention from us from a stability standpoint, that would help. If you can stem the bleeding in Europe, that would be a tremendous plus. It is a profitable business. It is a cash generating business, but from a growth, when you meld the two together, the appearance of growth appears to be diluted of course as you point out and what weve got to do is I think break out on an ongoing basis here and communicate for investors so they can see both pieces because theyre really two different tales.
Operator: Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David R. Lewis: Good morning. Maybe one quick question for Tom and then for Miles. Tom, when we think about the first half of the year where you gave much better visibility, if we think about the acceleration from first to second quarter, I think it sets up nicely for the acceleration story for the whole year. So I wanted to come back to the first half of the year. I think if you think about the first quarter to second quarter, is it really two components? First, the headwinds are fading which are largely vascular as well as the nutritional distribution and that gets you from low singles to mid. I guess what Im really asking is to get from mid to that upper end or upper single digit part of the guidance, what are the key growth areas that get you from mid to high? And if you could just confirm that to get from low to mid its more the vascular and nutritional distribution.
Thomas Freyman: Well, theres a lot of things going and as Id remind you from my remarks, the first quarter and really youll be looking at dollars and the Yen. The first quarter is the one quarter where were still getting a pretty tough exchange comparison of around 1.5 points on the topline. So thats certainly part. Youre correct that this lapping of the Japan piece is probably the biggest anomaly. The second after that is the direct distribution getting better as we go through the quarters throughout the year. And just frankly, a lot of the execution we are expecting across these businesses, in businesses such as EPD and really the momentum were starting to see as nutrition exits 2012 is whats going to continue to build throughout the year. So I think its a matter of building momentum. Vascular, we shouldnt dismiss the potential second half benefits of ABSORB and MitraClip doing better in Europe, the expedition benefits we think were going to get in the market. Vascular were expecting to see a nice pickup in momentum as we move from the first quarter on through the year. So there are a number of elements of it. Just to remind and I want to be sure from your question that its clear to investors, our full year estimated growth over the baseline is mid to upper single digits growth. So I think that level of growth across the quarters with maybe a little bit better in the back and as we said, a little bit softer in the first quarter is the way to think about the year. So I think there are a lot of things going on that are going to accelerate the growth and we feel confident about that.
David R. Lewis: Very clear, Tom. And then Miles, maybe more of a strategic question. Youve been very clear about the growth objectives and the growth potential of New Abbott. If you think about capital allocation, what should investors be prepared for over the next couple of years? You have a dividend, an extremely clean balance sheet thats likely to get cleaner by the end of the year. So in the first two years of the development of the New Abbott growth story, is this more dividend share repurchased or is this more dividend with selective M&A? What should investors be prepared for over the next couple of years as it relates to capital deployment?
Miles White: Well, I think we've been clear that there is a certain level of dividend and share repurchase that investors have come to expect from us on a relatively reliable, steady, even growing basis. We've not been one to do big spikes of share repurchase, et cetera to  we believe more in a steady return to shareholders over time. And I think its important that we live to that steady and reliable return to shareholder identity. I got some feedback from investors in the fall both positive -- more positive I guess about dividend. People like the reliability of income but they always want more income. And the payout ratios between the two companies now in the split are different. They are combined greater than what Abbott paid up through the end of last year on a percent of EPS basis. But AbbVie pays proportionality higher as a percentage of EPS, we now pay proportionally lower as a percentage of EPS. But both are growing dividends. And I got feedback from some thoughtful investors about that and I always listen to investors, but I would say at this point we have communicated at least and opening philosophy of the dividend payout. But frankly, could that change with time, it could. But I would tell you that the change is, its likely to increase not do anything else. So because we actually believe in a cash return to our investors in a dividend like fashion. Now buried in your question there was that secret little, what about M&A thing. And we have had a track record in the past of occasionally adding pieces to our business when it made the most economic sense for us etcetera. And while that hasnt been an area of high focus in the last one to two years, thats been largely because I dont think there has been as much that was attractive to us and we were consumed with the work required to split the companies. As I communicated with a lot of our investors in the fall, we are always kind of paying attention and tracking what might make sense. But my criteria are always the same, it strategically has to fit. What we are doing, where we are headed, what we are trying to accomplish and so forth. And its got to make economic sense. Got to make economic sense, deal sense for us, its got to make economic and deal sense for our investors. And I would say, our track record is such we have been pretty thoughtful and pretty careful about that, been fairly selective etcetera. I dont rule it out, but I would tell you that the projections that we have right now for the business going forward for 2013 and beyond, dont require it. We dont have some gap in there where we are projecting returns or projecting growth that we dont know that we can deliver with what we already have. So I look at the M&A opportunities or licensing opportunities as opportunistic. And if you ask me, are there some of those are on our radar screen, I would say, yes, and I had communicated that you know the categories that have attraction for us tend to be in device areas or some geographic expansion, perhaps in some selective categories of pharma etcetera, that we have communicated. But they are fairly defined. I mean they are real broad. And beyond that I almost never project what we are going to be interested in or what we are watching or what we are doing for all the competitive reasons that you can imagine. The press seems to do a pretty good job of speculating on just about everything that comes to market that Abbott might be interested in. More often than not, we arent. We have got in our own minds what we know will fit well with our business, suppose it makes for great media to speculate from time to time. But in any case, we like to keep some of our powder dry so that we are prepared if a good opportunity comes along. So we like to keep some liquidity in our hands and we dont like to let too much liquidity sit in our hands and earn little. So we keep a balance of dividend in there. And frankly, if we accumulate a lot of cash and we just dont seem to finding opportunities for it, than we buy back shares and give it back to investors. I know thats a long winded answer but thats really kind of it.
Operator: Our next question is from David Roman from Goldman Sachs.
David Roman: As I look across the number of the businesses in the fourth quarter, there was a nice acceleration versus a slowing in Q3. And I guess more specifically I would point out nutritionals, molecular, diagnostics, diabetes, and medical optics. Can you maybe just talk about some of the dynamics underpinning that uptick in growth? And I guess the reason I asked that is that a lot of the guidance that you are providing for certain segments also does point to growth improving throughout the course of 2013. So maybe you could just provide some perspective to the yearend turnaround? And then what are the drivers to allow that to continue and hit the numbers that you're putting out there?
Miles White: David, I'll take a little crack at framing this and then I'll let Tom and Brian chime in here. I'd say, first of all, while we like nice sequential smooth quarters, the world doesn't actually provide us that. The world doesn't act in smooth fashion. And our third quarter tends to always be, I guess I'd say the slowest of the four of the year because of obvious seasonal impacts and so forth. Whether it's exchange or any of the temporal events that Tom talked about earlier during the course of the year, that obviously has some impact too. Over the course of the year, there were a number of programs or projects that we undertook that you'd begin to see the fruition come to you in the latter part of the year to jumpstart 2013. So I'd say a lot of that is at play here and some of it's just plain old economy in some places or the launch of products taking hold. As we look at 2013, Tom indicated, we're still lapping some of the one-time events of the early part of the year, particularly exchange and so even '13 won't look particularly beautiful in terms of smoothness. It will look like the tale of two halves; a slower first half and a much more robust second half, and that's not really a hockey stick in there as much as its comparisons. The underlying true growth of the business is nice and solid, and the launch and timing of products and so forth, solid. So one of our challenges for the year is giving you good visibility to that quarterly gating and what underlying momentum is. Mike called out earlier there's a need I think too for analysts and investors to know what the baseline is they're comparing to. And so we've got to be able to give you here, I'd say, by the end of the first quarter or in the first quarter call what the quarterly breakdown is of Abbott separated from AbbVie, which this carve-out completion will give us, and then we'll be able to more precisely show you, here's the underlying momentum, here's those one-time or bigger offsets like exchange that swing so much. And then I think underneath that you'll see  we've got to breakdown as I said when I was answering Mike's question about the branded generics business, youve got to look at the components. Youve got to look at the emerging market piece, youve got to look at the European piece, and we can show you that separately so that you can see what parts of the business are truly driving growth and where we've got our challenges with austerity measures and so forth. So I think all of that plays in. We've got to sort it out for you, because as we know going forward this is not a business where we're tracking HUMIRA and everything else. We've got to give you some insight into all the individual pieces. I would say the underlying growth of the businesses, as we say, is significant and promising and we think its mid-to-high-single, and there's some events that happened over the course of the year, including product launches and so forth that drive us toward that higher single that we want to see. Brian, Tom, you guys want to add to that?
Thomas Freyman: Yeah. David, I think Brian will just cover a couple of the business as you talked about where the momentum did pick up in the quarter and give you a little more color on that. Why don't you go ahead, Brian?
Brian Yoor: Hi David. Let me start with Nutritionals. As you saw in the quarter, we performed at double-digits. We were up double-digits year-over-year, and we had strong performance both in the U.S. as well as our international business. We've been seeing strong performance out of the U.S. all year. In this quarter we saw particularly continued strong performance from our up-age toddler brands and we have PediaSure and Pedialyte there that have been performing double-digits; PediaSure, most notably consistently throughout the year. We also maintained as you know the share leadership there in the U.S. market as far as our infant formula market, where we have a commanding share lead. As we move into 2013, this may moderate a little bit, but we're up against the market in infant formula. Thats relatively flat. However, we have a lot of momentum from our PediaSure and Pedialyte that will continue into next year that will help offset that. Also we have on our adult business has been growing very strong. It's been growing double digits in the Ensure business for the U.S. and a lot of this comes from new product launches. We've launched a lot of products across our Ensure line, most notably Ensure Complete and we're seeing that these innovations matter. And as Miles mentioned, we had 80 product launches this year across nutrition. So that's been a real differentiator for our portfolio. If you switch over to international, and you take out what we have been talking about these headwinds on the distribution, as we change how we distribute to our end customer, we have been growing double-digits in our Nutrition business. This quarter, we didn't have any headwinds from the distribution programs that we are working through, and what you're seeing is now the results coming through on a peer basis. We have very nice momentum in China, where sequentially we're gaining share and we continue to plan to do so as well into next year. And then if you take a lot of the key emerging markets in nutrition, we are growing double-digits and consistently have been.
David Roman: Okay. Thats helpful. And then maybe as a follow up to that and maybe, Miles, you could help me think. Just on a longer-term basis where you think conceptually about the growth rate of the business and the top line, that its sort of a combination of emerging markets growth driven by strengthening of those economies, lab build out, higher healthcare consumption. And what drives the acceleration in the over top line is really EM becoming a larger percentage of total and the higher segments like nutritional starting to comprising a bigger part of the business. And then a backstop on that new product launches in things like vascular and medical optics and diabetes to at least keep those businesses stable. Is that a fair way to think about the long term growth rate?
Miles White: Well, I think about the long-term growth rate in a couple of ways. First of all you are right, the emerging markets have their own tailwinds. You know their own wave, if you will. And in those markets I want a bigger surfboard to ride that wave and I think thats a question of expanding product lines. Whether its registrations in the pharmaceutical business or more product innovations in the nutrition business, or taking our device businesses more thoroughly into those markets, which we are doing. We are seeing great opportunity for all of them as those economies and those healthcare systems develop and the sophistication of medicine practice there expand. We are seeing the impact of that on diagnostics, we are seeing it in our coronary business, we are seeing it in our medical optics business. They are all benefiting from that. And the Abbott presence there and the Abbott brand there is actually a big boost to that. I would tell you that -- I recall a consultant telling me about five years ago that there was no point in diagnostics being in China. Five years later I am glad we ignored that. You know its a fantastic market for us. We fit well there. Its great growth and great profitability on top of it so we are in a nice position there. So those markets that have their own tailwind of expansion and growth are great. And it still behooves us to expand and tailor our product lines and so forth to those markets which we are doing. Developed markets are still of very high importance and interest to us. And I think that to be forthright about it, its a little different story. You are not relying on the tailwind of growth, you have to take share and you have to do it by demonstrating to the payor and/or the customer that your value or your cost position relative to what you deliver is valuable and worth it. And hence our offerings in diagnostics, we will pay a lot of attention to that going forward. I think we have got great opportunity in diagnostics in these markets, in core diagnostics, that I think our business today is demonstrating already with its high single-digit growth rate, mid to high single digit growth rate in Europe and other developed countries and economies. So what we know is, in our next generation products and systems, they need to be even more cost effective for us to have a good value proposition in those markets on a sustainable basis. So I think the developed markets are still awfully attractive to us. I think the nutrition business has shown that even in markets where birth rates are declining, we are taking share. The U.S. stent is just a prime example. And we can grow and expand and create an adult nutrition market because we can show that its got merit and value and in a lot of cases we are putting the clinical evidence behind our products to show that. So there are opportunities. Our EPD business, as you know, will struggle for a while in developed markets. And we are looking at all the ways that we might staunch that. But I think -- and in our devices I would say, as has been pointed out many times by those people who followed the device markets, particularly the coronary device markets or vascular device markets. This is no longer a market where you just bring a new innovation out or a new technology, price it higher and the market expands to absorb the cost. Today, whether it's countries in Europe or hospitals in the United States or anywhere, they've got a fixed budget. They've only got so much to spend and they are trying to make that fixed amount of money cover as much innovation as they can. And I think that means that companies like us change our strategy. We've got probably the most thorough and powerful product line, top-to-bottom, in the stent category. And our job is to take share out of a fixed revenue pool, fixed profit pool out there, and I'd say that probably forecasts a change to our strategy. And we think we've got the wherewithal to alter that strategy and take share and grow in our business and actually achieve the returns for the innovation we've invested in. So, I think those developed markets are ones where competition is such you got to take share, and in the emerging markets you're going to ride a wave of tail-winded growth. And from our perspective, we think that the leadership positions we have in each of our businesses, the product lines we offer and the things that we have on the board for our pipeline are all well-defined and well-designed for exactly that and that we'll see lower growth rates out of developed markets, higher growth rates out of emerging markets and what I would characterize as very durable growth on ongoing basis.
David Roman: Okay. Let me just take one real quick one here, since you didn't put numbers out on HUMIRA. Any perspective you can provide on inventory build or price versus volume growth in the quarter? It looked like a pretty good number there?
Thomas Freyman: Well, I can tell you that Rick Gonzalez won't want me answering any of his questions. I'm going to leave it for him next week to ask him about HUMIRA, because I now live in a no-HUMIRA world here.
David Roman: I had to try. Thank you very much for the perspective and detail.
Operator: Our next question is from Rajeev Jashnani from UBS.
Rajeev Jashnani: Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk about the U.S. Nutritionals business and specifically the adult segment. The growth there was pretty robust and I know you've provided guidance for the U.S. Nutritionals business overall, but maybe talk about what your  what we can really anticipate over a longer period of time for the U.S. adult business and what kind of opportunities you see there? Thanks.
Thomas Freyman: As Brian indicated in his  when he answered the question a bit earlier, we've just  even though the infant side of this market is a little tougher because of birthrates and the like, we've just had outstanding brand execution on the PediaSure and the Ensure and a number of our brands really across the portfolio and it does come down to innovation. When we can bring out a differentiated product that delivers value for customers, we're finding we can take share in the various markets, and I think the team did a truly outstanding job at that in 2012. For 2013, we have a little bit lower growth expectation in that business and to the contrary a little bit higher growth expectation on the international side. So overall higher growth for the nutrition business overall and really it's just continued brand execution and more or less offsetting a flattish instant market that we've been experiencing. That's an area where clearly we'd like to continue to take share and gain some growth and the team is focused on that. So I think in the U.S., more of a mid to upper sustainable growth rate is probably more in the range, but I think that team aspires to push towards upper single growth and that's what we'll continue to target longer term as we build this business.
Rajeev Jashnani: And I did  this follows on to Mike's question earlier about getting to EPD and the performance in Western Europe in a little bit more detail. You talked about perhaps taking some measures to improve the performance there in Western Europe with respect to EPD. Could you go into a little bit more detail as to what your options are to change the trajectory there?
Thomas Freyman: As we've talked about before on EPD, this team is really moving into its full execution mode after coming together from the disparate businesses, a lot of focus on commercial execution in this market. And then there has been some cost management as well in this side. So we're trying to be sure that the costs are in line with the revenue opportunities and I'd say those are the two key things. We're open to product opportunities coming out of the various product pipelines, including areas like the collaborations we've had, et cetera. To the extent we can bring those to the market that should offset some of the austerity measures. The last thing I'd say is while the last 12 to 18 months have been tough from an austerity perspective, as we exit 2012 and as we go into 2013, I think we are seeing a bit of stabilization there and I think the comps in the second half of the year relative to the austerity measures should be better and hopefully the government won't be quite as aggressive as we go forward as they have been, as they've gone through this very, very difficult period the last couple of years.
Miles White: The irony of Europe is, depending on the country, but sometimes the price pressure is greater on the generic or branded generic products than the innovative products. And it depends on the country because they do protect innovation and they do protect the patented products. But once of course its off patent, then it's a different story. But I think we have felt a fair amount of pressure there and to some degree the impact on the business is a lot less than probably what it could have been. And I think that the innovations that we put into our products, improvements in our products, expansion of the registrations and products on the shelf or adding new products, all of that helps. And it's sort of a -- it's hard to be specific within detail because it kind of depends locally on each market, each country and the mix of product in that country, and I'd say scale that we are on the shelf in that country. But I think Tom has answered it. It's one that we're paying a lot of attention to and in the meantime while we deal with the headwinds in Europe we try to manage cost and expense very tightly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn Novarro: Two questions, one for Tom. I wonder if you can help us with the quarterly earnings split for the year. You've given us guidance for 1Q, $0.40 to $0.42. Should we assume 2Q is in that range and then 4Q we get a big hockey stick with EPS north of $0.60? And then any commentary on share count, share repurchase? And then I had a follow-up on nutritionals?
Tom Freyman: Yeah, I'll say just a few things. First of all, when you look at the baseline of the new Abbott businesses, the patterning we're seeing in 2012, there are couple of anomalies as I talked about in my remarks. But overall in general and it's been in this way in this company for number of years with or without the pharmaceutical business, that the second half is generally a more profitable year, growth is driven harder, generally stronger, and margins are a little bit better as we are leveraging that expense base. So, I don't think the patterning you are going to see here is that much different than what you really have seen at Abbott over the years and it's just a function of the business, and as Miles mentioned for example, some of the seasonality factors. So, I think that's one piece of it. And then when you're talking about the second quarter, I think the best thing to do is just to take the profile information I've provided in my remarks and that should give you a good sense of at least this point where we see the quarter coming out and obviously when we get into the first quarter call we'll provide a more specific guidance range. But the intention of trying to give you an early look at the second quarter was to help you kind of build that quarterly gating before we get this final baseline out in front of you. So, I think it's -- and as I said in my remarks, when you cut through the anomalies you're going to find that the year-over-year growth quarter-to-quarter is pretty consistent across the year.
Miles White: You're not going to have to wait for the fourth year to see it, Glenn, fourth quarter, rather.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. And then any commentary on share repurchase or shares outstanding?
Tom Freyman: Well, we had a pretty active year in 2012 and we are definitely planning a level of share repurchase for 2013. Obviously with the separate company our relative amounts perspective changes, but I think it will be meaningful and at this point we're just not going to provide forecast on what that will be.
Miles White: We continue to have robust cash flow.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. And then let me ask you just a follow-up on nutritional, and specifically on China. That's one area of concern that I hear with investors and that is, China in the nutritional market is slowing. And I think the investors hear that because that's commentary coming from Mead Johnson. So, Miles, can you talk about the size of your China nutritionals business and how you see that market? I'm assuming your growth is accelerating, but commentary would be helpful?
Miles White: China is an important market for us. We're not as concentrated solely in China. We're fairly-- we're in 100 countries in our nutrition business across the board, but clearly China is an important one for us, number one. Number two, investors have asked me all during the late fall, gee, are we seeing a slowing in China? The answer is no, we're not. We're actually seeing acceleration and expansion and we're expanding and our growth rate in China is pretty healthy. And I think China, I would tell you, is a very difficult market for investors, analysts, and even the manufacturers to measure from time-to-time. I did see that one of our competitors in the industry there acknowledged inventory challenges in China. It's hard to measure inventory in China and it's hard to keep track of inventory in China. We know that. I think the large multinationals that are extremely well established have a better view of that than many. It's one of the reasons to be out of distributors and go direct. You can have a greater control over inventories and so forth. Ive seen that some competitors have indicated that they may have inventory challenges in the market and it's a hard  if you got too much inventory in the market you might think the market is slowing. I would tell you the underlying fundamentals of that market don't appear to us to be changing of slowing. So I think that any of us from time-to-time go through little ups and downs of the absorption of our products in that market. It's such a healthy market, such a good market that I think measuring it quarter-to-quarter isn't always that informative. Youve got to look at it over the course of the year and I think our competitors will probably acknowledge the same that it's a very healthy market, still robust and we're all still expanding into more cities. It's intensely competitive. Its obviously drawn a lot of competitive attention of the large four multinationals, which includes us, Mead, the Europeans do very well in that market and there's some local Chinese manufacturers in the value segments that are also growing and doing well. I don't have much to say about the market except that it's really robust, good and we're not experiencing a slowdown there, Glenn.
Brian Yoor: We have time for one more question.
Operator: And our final question today is from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Good morning. Thanks for fitting me in. Tom, let me start with a financial question. The midpoint of the old guidance that you gave was about $2.03. The tax rate came down a little bit, gives you about $0.02. So that gets you about to $2.05 and the midpoint for today's guidance is $2.01. So am I doing the math right? What changed? And the baseline operating margin -- so I think the midpoint of the operating margin guidance for 2013 in the last call was about 18.5%. What is your best guess as that what that was for the new Abbott in 2012? And then I just have one follow-up.
Thomas Freyman: I'd just like to clarify something. Obviously, this was the first time weve provide guidance. On the third quarter call, as we moved into our discussions on the two new companies, we felt it was appropriate to provide some meaningful profile perspectives on both companies, which we did on that call and certainly -- and I think the key message there was from a New Abbott perspective was that given the topline growth and our ability to grow the bottom line and expand margins that we saw this as a double digit grower. So this was the first time we provided guidance. Now, if you look at that profile information, a lot has changed in the world since October, but not a lot has changed in terms of our forecast. We're still very close to that profile that we provided. Tax is a little bit better because of the R&D tax credit which obviously we didn't know about back in October and we've gone through a budgeting process. We've looked at final exchange rates, which in a number of countries have moved significantly since October and its just a function of completing our budget process, which is why we didn't provide guidance in October because we knew we needed to go through that process before we could provide you a meaningful guidance number. So I think what we're providing today is very, very consistent with what we've talked about in October and anything that  $0.01 or $0.02 up or down is really a function of just the process we've been going through. So I think that hopefully answers your question there, Larry.
Larry Biegelsen: Tom, and the R&D tax credit for 2012, did you pushed that into 2013? And then I just wanted to ask, on the Established Pharma, the potential impact to the new drug pricing list in India, can you talk a little bit about that? We've gotten some questions on it. I think you guys have roughly $800 million to $1 billion of exposure in India, and I'll drop. Thank you.
Thomas Freyman: Yeah. So the 2012 R&D tax credit, which as most investors know who have been following the story, very odd for all companies, the way this has to be handled. Since Congress didn't approve the law until after the 31st of December, the accounting impact of getting the 2012 credit actually becomes a 2013 accounting event. That is not reflected in our ongoing guidance. We're planning to call that out as a specified good news item, if you will, in our quarterly reporting in 2013 and that is not reflected. What is included in the guidance is the regular 2013 R&D credit, which is now law, which we can count on as we move through the year. With regard to your question on India, obviously there has been a fair amount of discussion with various ministries on the pricing environment in India. As one might expect, this has gone through a quite a range of discussion. The most recent feedback on this was more of a market-based model, which is much more consistent with the way we view the appropriate approach towards balancing innovation and customer needs within the market. And if you look at the result of that conclusion, it's very consistent with our planning assumptions for 2013 for the established pharmaceutical division. So, at this point in time we feel good about our assumptions. I know there are additional discussions going on and there is not a final approach towards this, but all information we have at this point is that our assumptions are solid for 2013.
Brian Yoor: Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of your questions. And that concludes Abbotts conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11.00 AM Central Time today on Abbotts Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com, and after 11.00 AM Central Time via telephone at 203-369-3329; pass code 5109. The audio replay will be available until 4.00 PM Central Time on Wednesday, February 6. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs.
John B. Thomas: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Today, we'll discuss our third quarter ongoing earnings results, as well as provide new information regarding the separation of Abbott's proprietary Pharmaceutical business into a new independent company called AbbVie. Joining me on today's call is Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Abbott; Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Abbott; Rick Gonzalez, who will become Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of AbbVie; Bill Chase, who will become Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of AbbVie; and Laura Schumacher, who will be Executive Vice President and General Counsel of AbbVie and head of a number of corporate functions, including Licensing and Acquisitions, External Affairs and Investor Relations. Also joining on today's call is Brian Yoor, who will become the new Head of Investor Relations of Abbott post separation. Brian has been with Abbott in numerous financial roles for 15 years, most recently as Controller of our diagnostics division. Larry Peepo, who is also on today's call, will remain Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations at Abbott. I will be moving over to AbbVie to head Investor Relations and Public Affairs. Today, Miles will begin with an update on the separation, as well as our outlook for the new Abbott. Tom will provide a brief overview of our third quarter performance and then provide some additional context for how we're planning to launch 2 new independent companies in January of next year, including their respective capital structures, as well as annual dividends. They'll also provide some additional detail on our 2013 for the new Abbott. Following Miles, Tom and Rick, we'll provide an overview of AbbVie and its future outlook, and Bill will cover AbbVie's third quarter results and provide some further context on 2013. Following our comments, as we normally do, we'll take any questions that you might have. Before we get started, some statements may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the planned separation of the research-based pharmaceutical company from the diversified medical products company and the expected financial results of the 2 companies after the separation. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements, and there's no assurance as to the timing of the planned separation or whether it will be completed. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1a, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and the interim reports filed on form 10-Q for subsequent quarterly periods. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Miles. Miles?
Miles D. White: Okay. Thanks, John. Good morning. One year ago this week, we announced the most significant transformational event in Abbott's 125-year history, our decision to separate into 2 leading public health care companies with completely new and unique investment identities. So today, in addition to reviewing our third quarter earnings, we're going to give you some additional insight into what these 2 companies will look like going forward beginning in 2013. With regard to our third quarter results, Abbott delivered another quarter of strong performance, with ongoing earnings per share growth of more than 10%. In addition to generating strong operating results, we are continuing to prepare for separation. We've completed a significant amount of work since last October, and both companies are ready to operate independently beginning January 1. Over the past year, we've taken a number of steps to prepare AbbVie to become a new company. We've named the leadership team, designating several senior leaders who will move from Abbott to AbbVie, which will complement the strong commercial and operational leaders who are currently part of our proprietary pharmaceutical business. As we announced last year, Rick Gonzalez will become AbbVie's Chairman and CEO. Rick has more than 30 years of Abbott experience and has been Executive Vice President of our global pharmaceuticals business for the last 2 years. Laura Schumacher, Abbott's current Executive Vice President and General Counsel and a more than 20-year Abbott veteran, will lead that function at AbbVie as well as a number of corporate functions, including Licensing and Acquisitions, External Affairs and Investor Relations. And Bill Chase, who is currently Vice President of Licensing and Acquisitions at Abbott, will become AbbVie's CFO. Bill has been at Abbott for more than 20 years also serving as Corporate Treasurer and the Controller of the International Pharmaceutical Division. We've also continued to strengthen AbbVie's mid- and late-stage pipeline since our separation announcement last year, and we've seen impressive progress from later-stage development programs, such as Hepatitis C, which you heard a little bit about earlier this week. In addition to an advancing pipeline, we understand that investors do seek a positive return while that pipeline continues to progress. As you know, AbbVie generates robust cash flow and is committed to returning cash to shareholders. AbbVie is expected to pay a strong attractive dividend, which Tom and Bill will discuss in more detail later in the call. So the separation we announced 1 year ago is nearing completion, and our shareholders will soon benefit from 2 fundamentally different investment opportunities with distinct strategic profiles and business priorities. The AbbVie Form 10 has provided some perspective on the pre-separation financial profile of AbbVie and a Form 10 amendment filed last month outlined the AbbVie capital structure and pro forma interest expense. We recognize that investors and analysts need more information to help them model both companies separately. So as the next step of this process, today we'll provide some additional information on separation-related aspects of the AbbVie P&L, including the tax rate, interest expense and costs for AbbVie to run as an independent company. We'll also provide some other aspects of the P&L profile for both companies. Although it's too soon for a specific 2013 EPS guidance, our intent is to help you establish a baseline for both companies, each of which will have a different profile after the separation. Tom and Bill will cover the profiles for the 2 companies in their remarks. We've structured both companies for future success and have taken the actions necessary to support the unique attributes of each company. AbbVie will be a large cap biopharmaceutical company with a number of differentiated growth brands, including a sustainable biologic, HUMIRA, and a compelling pipeline. It generates significant cash flow and will have the appropriate capital structure to support strong returns for shareholders, including a strong dividend. As you know, I will continue to serve as Chairman and CEO of Abbott, so let me take a few minutes now to provide some brief comments on what the new Abbott will look like in the future. As of the 1st of next year, Abbott will be one of the largest diversified health care products companies in the industry. It will be comprised of 4 roughly equal-sized businesses: nutritionals, established pharmaceuticals, medical devices and diagnostics, all competing in large markets and aligned with favorable long-term health care trends. Our pipeline includes transformational medical technologies, next generation diagnostic systems, new formulations, new packaging, new flavors and other brand enhancements. Our geographic mix is very well balanced, with one of the largest emerging market revenue bases of any large cap health company. With leadership positions across this portfolio, expanding margins and strong cash flow, Abbott will be well positioned among its peers to deliver top-tier growth. We've made a number of important strides in 2012 to continue to position Abbott for long-term growth, launching our bioresorbable vascular scaffold ABSORB in Europe, parts of Asia and Latin America; breaking ground on manufacturing plants in India and China; completing 60 launches year-to-date across our nutrition business around the world; consistently driving above-market growth in core diagnostics; and implementing a number of geographic and product expansion initiatives in the established pharmaceuticals division, just to name a few. At the same time, it's well recognized that all of us are managing through a difficult business environment. Like other multinationals that have a significant global presence, we've been impacted by a slowing global economy, both in the developed world as well as in emerging markets. In particular, we saw pricing and market pressures in Europe impact our businesses more significantly this quarter. Foreign currency has also been a headwind on sales throughout the year. This resulted in somewhat lower Abbott sales growth than originally anticipated, yet we continue to deliver on our financial commitments. While we face the same market environmental challenges as our health care peers, we've structured Abbott to have the right portfolio of businesses and geographic diversity to take advantage of favorable trends ahead of us in health care. So as we look to 2013 and beyond, let me walk you through our long-term growth strategies to provide additional insights on how the new Abbott will generate growth over the next several years. I'll begin with nutrition, which produces tremendous cash flow and a high return on invested capital. We're a leader in global nutrition, participating in a compelling growth market that's approximately $35 billion today, expected to exceed $50 billion by 2016. It's driven by favorable demographics, such as an aging population and the underpenetration of nutritional products, given the increasing rate of chronic diseases, as well as the rise of the emerging market middle class. Our long-term strategy in nutrition is to drive strong top line growth by building our product portfolio with a steady rhythm of innovative, differentiated new product launches, expanding aggressively in key high-growth emerging markets and leveraging our #1 global position in adult nutrition to grow and further penetrate the market. At the same time, we plan to significantly improve our gross and operating margins. We've made good progress in the U.S. year-to-date. We've continued to drive double-digit growth of our key pediatric and adult nutritionals by refreshing and improving our brands with products like PediaSure Clear, Similac with Lutein, Ensure Clear and Glucerna Hunger Smart. Outside of the U.S., we're investing in the product pipeline and the infrastructure, including state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities in China and India, to drive share gains in key markets. China is the world's largest pediatric nutritional market at more than $7 billion and it's expected to grow rapidly over the next 5 years. We have ample opportunity to improve our share position in this market and others. And finally, the global adult nutrition market is expanding as the world's population ages, life expectancy increases and the unfortunate incidence of age-related diseases rises. Our global leadership position in adult nutrition is a clear competitive advantage as we further develop and shape this market. In addition to driving sales growth, we're improving how we do business in nutrition so that it's more profitable. We expect to improve our operating margin from the low teens in 2011 to our target of more than 20% by 2015. This is something that we've successfully achieved in diagnostics, and we're showing good progress now in nutrition. We're reducing raw material and packaging costs, improving manufacturing processes and building more efficient plants closer to our customers, simplifying our distribution and ensuring the products, customers and markets that we invest in are profitable. In 2012, we expect to deliver approximately 200 basis points of expansion in our nutrition operating margin. We're confident in our ability to deliver on our longer-term objective, as we've implemented a number of our planned actions in 2012, and we expect to continue our progress in 2013. In our established pharmaceuticals division, home to our branded generics business, we're generating international sales from a large and growing portfolio of hundreds of products that have broad use throughout the world. EPD is more like our nutrition business than it is Proprietary Pharmaceuticals. It has a development organization that moves fast to refresh and improve key brands and it markets products to customers in the developing world who typically pay out of product -- out of pocket for their health care. In many of these markets, despite the expiration of patents, product growth is sustained by brand equity, which is established by customer trust in products that are reliably supplied, of high-quality, affordable and tailored to the needs of each market. EPD is a relatively new organization within Abbott, in place for less than 2 years now, where we have a number of early-stage geographic and product expansion initiatives now under way. Our long-term growth strategy is to increase the breadth of our product offerings by launching new and improved formulations and registering products across multiple geographies, reinforce our position in the developed markets through portfolio expansion and accelerate and capture new sources of growth by targeting faster growing emerging markets, where we have strong positions. In fact, operational sales growth in key BRIC markets, which comprise more than 1/3 of EPD sales, increased nearly 20% year-to-date. While austerity measures have negatively impacted EPD sales in Europe, as faster growing emerging markets become a larger percentage of EPD's sales base, we expect to see improving growth for EPD to achieve our long-term target of mid- to high single-digit sales growth. Next, I'll cover medical devices, which includes our Diabetes Care, Vision Care and Vascular businesses. In Diabetes Care, we're advancing our new product pipeline with products such as FreeStyle InsuLinx, with the goal of simplifying the glucose testing process, and we've improved operating margin with a shift to more profitable channels and customers, streamlining of our manufacturing, better sales force execution and more efficient SG&A spending. In Vision Care, we are leaders in the refractive segment and #2 in cataract. Our cataract business is the largest, most profitable and fastest-growing of our Vision Care businesses. We are launching new products to continue to grow our share in this segment as well as capture growth in countries such as India and China, where we're introducing new products tailored to these specific markets. And in Vascular, our growth franchise -- our growth strategy is focused on expanding our leadership positions across our 3 business segments: Coronary, Structural Heart and Endovascular. This includes targeting emerging markets, where interventional procedures are growing double digits, driven by an aging population with a high incidence of cardiovascular disease. Penetration rates in emerging markets are also much lower than the developed world and have the potential to significantly expand with increased awareness and improved treatment of heart disease. Emerging markets comprise more than 20% of Vascular sales, and on an operational basis, have increased 20% year-to-date. In our Coronary segment, we're focus on expanding our global drug-eluting stent leadership position. This year, we've launched XIENCE PRIME in Japan and XIENCE Xpedition in Europe. Xpedition combines the impressive safety and efficacy of XIENCE PRIME and sets a new standard for deliverability. We are on track to launch Xpedition in the U.S. early next year. In September, we launched in Europe and other international markets ABSORB, our BBS technology or bioabsorbable technology that acts like a drug-eluting stent but, unlike a metallic stent, has the added benefit of slowly absorbing over time, much like sutures do after a wound heals. The result is a vessel that can naturally flex and pull similar to an untreated one. ABSORB puts Abbott in a unique position to offer the only technology of this kind. In our Structural Heart business, MitraClip is an example of how Abbott is pushing the transcatheter valve market forward with a first of a kind technology. MitraClip can have a dramatic impact for many of the hundreds of thousands of patients who experience a diminished quality of life from significant mitral regurgitation, which is the leaking of the heart's mitral valve. It's on the market in Europe and we're working to bring it to other markets around the world, including the U.S. It has significant long-term potential, given the number of patients who go untreated today. And finally, our Endovascular segment represents a significant opportunity for growth. We're applying our expertise in developing best-in-class coronary devices to the faster growing endovascular market. Today, Abbott's underpenetrated in this market that's growing at a high single-digit rate. We expect growth in this segment to improve with numerous new product launches and new indications over the next several years. We're also evaluating our bioabsorbable technology for use in the periphery. The last of our 4 major segments is diagnostics, where year-to-date, operational sales growth is in excess of 7% and operating margin continues to improve. Our relevant global in vitro diagnostics market is very large at nearly $30 billion. While diagnostics comprised less than 5% of hospital costs, their findings influence the majority of health care decision making. Abbott is well positioned with global leadership in the largest segment, immunoassay diagnostics. We've successfully improved cash flow generation and profitability in our Core Laboratory Diagnostics business and have now refocused our long-term growth strategy on the top line as well. We're leveraging our global leadership position to capture growth in emerging markets. One of the largest opportunity is China, a nearly $2 billion market that's growing roughly 20%. We've been consistently growing near double the market pace as we expand our share. We're delivering customized solutions that deliver results more efficiently and we're launching next generation platforms over the next few years. We haven't seen market-changing innovation in diagnostics in more than a decade and we expect to lead this effort as we expand our product portfolio significantly. Molecular and Point of Care Diagnostics round out our diverse portfolio of diagnostics offerings. These businesses allow us to develop solutions for newly identified disease targets, predict patient outcomes and perform bedside testing to accelerate treatment decisions. We're growing both businesses as we increase penetration of systems and tests and expand in emerging markets. Margin improvement has been and continues to be a key focus in diagnostics. From 2007 to 2011, we improved our operating margin from 8% of sales to more than 18% of sales, more than doubling the operating margin in dollar terms. Our long-term goal had been to exceed 20% of sales by 2015. We're ahead of schedule in our progress toward this goal as we continue to expand the gross and operating margin profile of our Core Laboratory Diagnostics business. Year-to-date, diagnostics' operating margin is more than 19% of sales, and we now expect to well exceed our long-term target over the next several years. So in summary, over the last 12 months, we've prepared both Abbott and AbbVie to be successful independent companies come January 1. AbbVie will be well positioned within its pharmaceutical peer group with a strong dividend and an advancing late-stage pipeline that's getting increased visibility and that's certainly evidenced by the very strong HCV data released earlier this week. The new Abbott will be one of the largest diversified health care investment opportunities and over the long term, one of the fastest growing. But like all multinationals, we're managing through a more difficult economic environment now. And this year, we're making a number of business transitions that put Abbott in a better position going forward. This includes working through the decline in Promus revenues, initiating a number of geographic and product expansion initiatives in EPD and simplifying our nutritional supply chain. We're making good progress on all fronts. As we look to the future, we see tremendous opportunity ahead. Our business, the majority of them in leadership positions, are aligned with favorable demographics that will be driving growth in health care. We are well balanced geographically, including a broad base of customers, many in emerging markets where income levels are rising and socioeconomic conditions are vastly improving. And we'll maintain Abbott's financial heritage with robust cash flow generation, upwards of $4 billion and significant opportunity for further operating margin expansion. All told, the new Abbott will be well positioned among its peers to deliver top-tier growth. So now let me turn the call over to Tom, who will provide a brief overview of Abbott's third quarter results and the outlook for the remainder of the year. He'll also cover key financial aspects of the separation, including capital structure and dividend for both companies and 2013 financial profile information for new Abbott. Tom?
Thomas C. Freyman: Thanks, Miles. Today, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of $1.30, an increase of 10.2% over the prior year and above our previous guidance range. Sales for the quarter increased 4.1% on an operational basis, which was more than offset by an unfavorable 4.5% impact from exchange rates. As we saw last quarter, there continues to be a significant impact from exchange on top line results. Emerging markets remained a significant growth contributor, with sales in the quarter of $2.6 billion, an increase of more than 10% on an operational basis. Regarding sales for what will become the new Abbott businesses, there have been 2 factors that are transitional in nature that have impacted growth trends. The first is the decline in the Promus-related revenue and our Vascular businesses as we no longer provide products under the previous distribution agreement. And the second is the shift to direct distribution in certain international nutrition markets as part of our gross margin improvement initiative. Excluding these transitional factors, a new Abbott operational sales growth is in the mid-single digits year-to-date. We saw a continued improvement in the adjusted gross margin to 63.8% in the quarter, up 340 basis points from the prior year. Half of this improvement was due to exchange, while the other half resulted from the various margin improvement initiatives we're implementing across our businesses. Year-to-date, we've seen our adjusted gross margin ratio increase 310 basis points over the prior year, with nearly half of this improvement driven by the effect of the changes in foreign exchange rates on the ratio. Again, the remainder of this improvement resulted from our margin improvement initiatives. Those of you who have followed our results over the years know that the extreme volatility in exchange rates has both positively and negatively impacted the adjusted gross margin ratio, depending on the year, by as much as a full percentage point or more. You may recall that 2010 was favorably impacted, 2011 negatively impacted, and we are again seeing a favorable effect this year through 3 quarters. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect this trend to reverse, with exchange negatively impacting the ratio by as much as a full percentage point. As we see things today, we'd expect this trend to continue into next year, with exchange negatively impacting the gross margin ratio for both Abbott and AbbVie. Turning to our full year 2012 outlook. We're narrowing our ongoing earnings per share guidance range to $5.06-$5.08, reflecting growth of 8.8% at the midpoint. This 2012 guidance continues to reflect a full year outlook for the company in total, as the separation is expected to be effective January 1. We're pleased with our overall performance this year, delivering ongoing earnings per share growth ahead of our original guidance provided back in January, despite the challenging global economy and currency headwinds affecting sales. Regarding the fourth quarter, we expect reported sales growth in the low- to mid-single digits, which includes an estimated negative 1% impact in foreign exchange. Both our fourth quarter sales forecast and EPS expectations for the year assume that a generic TriCor enters the market in the fourth quarter. We expect a gross margin ratio of around 63%, including the exchange effect discussed earlier. As we are now further along in our separation process, as Miles indicated, today we're in a position to give you some more information regarding  certain aspects of the financial profiles of new Abbott and AbbVie once separated. While we're providing this additional information today, I'd again note that it's too early in the process for either company to provide EPS guidance for 2013. Between now and January, we'll continue our usual planning process. While the profile information we'll provide for each company today could change somewhat over the coming months, each company will be ready by its fourth quarter earnings conference call to provide more specific details of its 2013 outlook, including EPS guidance. Those forecasts will reflect the latest assumptions on business and economic factors, including foreign exchange. As we previously indicated, the primary rationale for the separation is the fact that these 2 businesses have evolved differently and as a result, they have different investment identities. These differences are broad and deep, and they affect how each company plans to structure and run its business going forward. So let me start with dividend policy. The dividend has always been an important component of Abbott's investment identity. We had previously indicated that we expected the combined dividend of the 2 companies to be at least equal to Abbott's pre-separation annual dividend. And we expect AbbVie to be even more focused on shareholder returns in the form of dividends, paying a larger portion of the dividend. With this in mind, today we're announcing that we expect AbbVie to pay an annual dividend of $1.60 per share, starting with the quarterly dividend to be paid in February. This, like all dividends, will be subject to approval by the future AbbVie board in January 2013. We're also announcing that we expect the new Abbott dividend to be $0.56 per share, in line with its peer group and growth prospects, again, starting with the dividend to be paid in February and again, subject to approval by the Abbott board. In the end, this combined annual dividend rate of $2.16 for the 2 companies exceeds the current annual dividend rate of $2.04. And this increase is expected to be implemented 1 quarter earlier than in past years. Regarding debt and related interest expense, as Miles indicated, last month we provided the pro forma capital structure for AbbVie and an amendment to the Form 10. Consistent with our previous commentary, the pre-separation debt has been apportioned roughly in line with each company's share of the pre-separation cash flows after dividend and capital expenditures. As a reminder, this rebalancing of the debt will be accomplished by the following actions. First, AbbVie is expected to raise just under $16 billion in total debt. Second, AbbVie will provide a net cash distribution to Abbott of around $8.5 billion. And finally, Abbott will use the proceeds of that distribution to execute a tender for a portion of its debt outstanding and to pay down a portion of its commercial paper outstanding. As a result, the new Abbott expects to carry approximately $7.5 billion in debt as of the separation date, consisting of long-term debt, commercial paper and other short-term borrowings. Abbott expects to have around $5 billion of cash on the balance sheet post separation. As detailed in our earnings news release today and as discussed last quarter, as a result of the low interest rate environment, we expect one-time charges to be incurred in the fourth quarter related to the debt extinguishment cost, driven by higher interest rates on the existing bonds compared to the rates currently prevailing. The resulting capital structure of each company will determine ongoing interest expense for each going forward. For new Abbott, net interest will be driven by its remaining debt outstanding, including the impact of existing interest rate swaps partially offset by interest earned on cash balances. As you know, interest earned today on cash is very low. As a result, we're forecasting net interest expense of a little more than $100 million in 2013 for new Abbott. Bill will discuss the outlook for AbbVie's net interest expense in a few minutes. Regarding taxes, we believe that the tax rate for new Abbott will be approximately 21.5% in 2013. We will need to see what, if any, congressional actions may occur at the end of the year or the early part of 2013 to determine our final estimate for the tax rate. Regarding AbbVie, as an independent company focused on returns to shareholders, management plans to establish an appropriate balance across its global cash flows to provide maximum flexibility. As a result, we expect an ongoing tax rate of around 22% for AbbVie. While this rate is above the historical average for this business, it's reflective of a shift in emphasis from investing in successful x-U.S. growth opportunities in the past to a stronger emphasis on shareholder returns going forward. This rate will support AbbVie's strong dividend policy. We're also in a position at this time to clarify the profile of some other line items of the new Abbott P&L. Bill will discuss AbbVie's profile in a few minutes. As we see our 2013 sales outlook today for the new Abbott, we expect reported sales of roughly $23 billion based on today's exchange rate. This would reflect growth in the mid to high single digits over where we expect to end 2012. Regarding the gross margin for new Abbott, for modeling purposes today, we're forecasting a ratio of roughly 55%, excluding noncash amortization, reflecting underlying business trends and the expected impact of foreign exchange rates on the ratio I mentioned earlier. I'll discuss how we expect to report noncash amortization expense going forward in a moment. We expect R&D investment for new Abbott that's in line with the investment needs of our various businesses, which averages out between 6% and 7% of sales. We expect the SG&A ratio to be around 30% of sales for new Abbott, again, in line with the competitive profiles of our various businesses, with ongoing efficiency efforts to generate SG&A leverage over time. Our outlook for SG&A includes an estimated impact from the medical device tax under the U.S. Affordable Care Act that begins in 2013. Finally, we would expect minimal nonoperating income and roughly $30 million of loss in the exchange gain/loss line of the P&L in a typical year. Before I turn it over to Rick and Bill for their thoughts on AbbVie, let me discuss a change in our reporting for next year regarding noncash amortization that will affect both companies. As you know, Abbott has historically recorded noncash amortization expense as part of cost of goods sold and included it in our non-GAAP ongoing earnings per share metric. This expense has well exceeded $1 billion annually in recent years as we've completed several strategic acquisitions that have reshaped Abbott. The majority of this noncash amortization, approximately $850 million or $0.42 a share in 2013, relates to new Abbott. Going forward, cash EPS, that is, ongoing EPS excluding the impact of noncash amortization, is a more meaningful metric, meaningful non-GAAP metric for assessing new Abbott's earnings power and growth. This is particularly true as amortization expense begins to decline in the coming years. So beginning with the guidance to be provided for 2013, by January of next year, new Abbott is expected to provide ongoing earnings per share guidance on a cash basis. As a result, we will remove amortization from cost of goods sold starting in 2013 in order to calculate the adjusted gross margin ratio. We will, of course, also continue to reconcile this guidance to EPS on a GAAP basis, which would include amortization expense and specified items. AbbVie plans to use a similar cash EPS approach as it begins to report independently next year, which Bill will cover in more detail in a few minutes. So with that, let me turn the call over to Rick for an overview of the prospects of AbbVie, followed by Bill, who will review the third quarter results for Proprietary Pharmaceuticals, as well as the financial profile for AbbVie. Rick?
Richard A. Gonzalez: Thanks, Tom. It's a pleasure to have the opportunity this morning to discuss our strategic vision and outlook for AbbVie. As Miles mentioned, since the separation announcement 1 year ago, we have been focused on delivering strong performance in 2012, as well as preparing to operate as an independent company. I'm pleased to say we're succeeding on both fronts. Our research-based pharmaceutical business is delivering another strong year, with year-to-date operational sales growth of 8%. We're ready to begin as a new company on January 1. January 2 will be our first official day of trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ABBV. Between now and then, we will continue to actively reach out together with Abbott to the investment community at large, through our roadshows, our meetings and our other communications. Our goal is to help investors better understand our distinct investment identity. Today, we have an opportunity to begin that dialogue. First, it's important to understand that AbbVie is not a traditional pharmaceutical company. AbbVie will blend the stability, global scale, resources and commercial capabilities of a pharmaceutical company with the focus, culture and agility of a biotech, creating a unique biopharmaceutical company. At launch, AbbVie will have a number of strengths and attributes that will position us well for continued success when we begin trading as an independent company. These characteristics include a track record of outstanding operating performance; a specialty-focused commercial portfolio, with numerous market-leading differentiated therapies; foremost among them is HUMIRA, which will continue to be a significant driver of growth for AbbVie; a strong financial foundation, with annual operating cash flow of approximately $6 billion; a commitment to return cash to shareholders, including an attractive $1.60 annualized dividend, which will be recommended for approval by the AbbVie board, and a commitment to grow that dividend; a compelling late-stage pipeline with several assets that have billion-dollar-plus peak revenue opportunities, including HCV; and an advancing mid-stage pipeline that includes key assets with compelling proof-of-concept human clinical data. Finally, we have a strong, experienced and highly committed leadership team to drive AbbVie's continued success. Before Bill discusses some financial considerations for 2013, I'd like to provide a high-level perspective on our unique product portfolio and our advancing late-stage pipeline. I'll start with our current product portfolio, which includes a balance of differentiated growth brands, as well as sustainable performers. We compete in markets that offer significant growth potential and we hold strong category leadership positions in our therapeutic segments. Certainly, HUMIRA remains the cornerstone of our portfolio and is a strong driver for AbbVie, and will remain so. Not many brands are able to achieve and sustain the level of performance we've demonstrated with HUMIRA. Clearly, HUMIRA has a strong clinical profile. But our commercial, our development and our regulatory execution on HUMIRA have been outstanding. HUMIRA's performance continues to be exceptional, as evidenced by the strong double-digit growth this year. Several factors are driving that performance. First, strong patient demand has led to global market share gains in both dermatology and gastroenterology. Second, the addition of 2 new indications for patients: UC here in the U.S. and Europe, as well as axial SpA in Europe. HUMIRA now treats a total of 8 approved indications and 4 more are in late-stage development. Finally, the global biologic market growth remains strong, and HUMIRA continues to outpace that growth. We expect HUMIRA demand to continue to grow, given the relative modest biologic penetration rates across all market segments, but in particular, the dermatology segment, where biological penetration rates are still mid-single digits. And while much has been said about the potential changes in the competitive landscape in the coming years, we plan for these factors. We continue to have a high level of confidence in HUMIRA, given its extensive clinical track record, strong product profile and proven clinical performance. HUMIRA is clearly important to the AbbVie story, and we will focus on growing and protecting this market-leading brand. But our portfolio includes a mix of differentiated growth plans, sustainable performers and a handful of maturing products that we will transition through over the next few years. Within this mix, we continue to hold market leadership positions across numerous therapeutic categories. For example, Lupron is the leading hormonal therapy for palliative treatment for prostate cancer. Synthroid is the #1 branded synthetic hormone therapy for thyroid disease, and one of the most widely prescribed products in the U.S. AndroGel has strong leadership position in the growing testosterone replacement market. CREON is the leading pancreatic enzyme therapy for conditions associated with cystic fibrosis and chronic pancreatitis. And Kaletra and Norvir remain leading antiviral medicines for the treatment of HIV. AbbVie is focused on maximizing the performance of each and every product in our commercial portfolio. We've structured our specialty sales force for efficiency and agility, and we will leverage our competitive advantage and capitalize on the market dynamics. This includes continued geographic expansion, where we expect to add approximately $1 billion in incremental sales over the next 5 years from emerging markets. In addition to sustaining our position within the industry as a proven commercial leader with a strong track record of execution, our goal will be to further shape AbbVie into an innovation-driven biopharmaceutical company. To that end, we will continue to invest in R&D at a rate of approximately 14% of sales next year. As I discussed last October, we're extremely encouraged with the progress of our new product pipeline. We will launch with numerous medicines in mid- and late-stage development that have truly breakthrough potential. All told, across our emerging pipeline, we have 30 compounds in human clinical trials; 15 biologic compounds across several therapeutic areas; 6 ongoing Phase III programs, including several that represent billion-dollar-plus potential; 4 new HUMIRA indications currently in Phase III development, which collectively add significant new growth opportunity for HUMIRA; and 10 compounds or new indications in mid-stage development, including several that will advance to Phase III within the next 18 months. We're focused on delivering truly innovation -- innovative medicines to address the most pressing areas of unmet clinical need. Although we don't have time today to detail the entire pipeline for you, I'll briefly discuss some of the interesting mid-stage and late-stage compounds we have in development. Let me start with our mid-stage pipeline. There are 10 active programs, several with strong proof-of-concept data. I'll highlight 3 promising assets poised to move into Phase III over the next 18 months. ABT-199, our next generation Bcl inhibitor, which has shown strong activity in chronic lymphocytic leukemia. We will present additional data in upcoming medical meeting and we expect to initiate Phase III in 2013. ABT-719, our novel investigational compound for the prevention of acute kidney injury. It's currently in Phase IIb development and is expected to enter Phase III next year. ABT-126, our alpha 7 agonist, currently in Phase IIb trials for Alzheimer's and schizophrenia. We expect to present Phase II data next year and start Phase III mid-2014. Now let me turn to our late-stage pipeline, which also includes 10 compounds or indications in Phase III development. As I mentioned earlier, we have 4 new HUMIRA indications currently in Phase III trial. Several of these will be unique to the HUMIRA label and will help us further differentiate HUMIRA from competitive products. Daclizumab is our next-generation biologic in development with Biogen for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. Results from 1 of the 2 pivotal trials demonstrated strong efficacy and disability performance. Results from the Phase III study, which recently completed enrollment, are expected in 2014. Bardoxolone is a compound in development with our partner Reata for the treatment of chronic kidney disease, a growing market with few treatment options. The Phase III study, which is an outcomes trial, is now fully enrolled. Elagolix is a compound in development for endometriosis and uterine fibroids. It has a unique profile with the potential to provide symptom reduction, while avoiding significant bone loss or other adverse effects that sometimes can be associated with this therapy. And Duopa is a therapy for advanced Parkinson's disease. We recently completed our Phase III registrational program, and we're on track to complete our U.S. registrational submission by year end. Finally, turning to our HCV program, where we are making significant clinical progress. We continue to have a high level of confidence that AbbVie has the potential to achieve a strong leadership position in this space. As I stated previously, our goal is to bring to market a potent, well-tolerated, easy-to-administer treatment that delivers very high cure rates without interferon. Data to date confirm that we're on target. Earlier this week, we released top line Phase IIb data from our Aviator trial, the most comprehensive set of interferon-free combination data in genotype 1 patients available to date. Results in patients who have reached post-treatment week 12 show that our 12-week regiment, which includes all 3 assets in our HCV portfolio, plus ribavirin, produce 99% SVR12 or cure rate in nave patients and 93% SVR12 in previous null responding patients. Additionally, SVR12 rates for the other 8- and 12-week programs in the study range from 89% to 92%. Importantly, all combinations were very well tolerated, with an overall rate of drug-related discontinuations of less than 2%. By way of comparison, current oral antivirals, paired with ribavirin and interferon, for either 24 or 48 weeks, produced SVR12s in approximately 75% of treatment nave patients and just over 30% of previous null responding patients. So our results suggest a very compelling improvement over standard of care, achieved without the use of interferon and with just 12 weeks of therapy. While we're somewhat limited in how much we can discuss prior to the data presentation next month, I will say that we're very impressed by the Aviator results. The data demonstrates that our approach of validated and larger confirmatory Phase III trials represents a significant advance in patient care. Today, we're pleased to announce that we recently initiated our comprehensive genotype 1 registrational program, with the start of our first Phase III study. We're on track to begin the remaining Phase III studies in the coming weeks. This global registrational program includes the study of nave and experienced patients with HCV genotype 1 infection, as well as certain special populations. We will evaluate 3 direct-acting antivirals with and without ribavirin for 4 weeks -- or 12 weeks in genotype 1 patients. As a reminder, genotype 1 represents the most prevalent patient type in developed markets, including approximately 70% of patients here in the U.S. Our Phase III triple DAA cocktail will include a co-formulated 2-tablet therapy containing our protease inhibitor, ABT-450; and our NS5 inhibitor, ABT-267, administered once a day; plus our polymerase inhibitor, ABT-333, which is one tablet administered twice a day. We will evaluate it both with and without ribavirin. We're also conducting additional exploratory clinical trials to determine if a once-daily ribavirin-free co-formulated treatment of ABT-450 and 267 can provide high cure rates in specific HCV populations, providing an avenue for further simplification. The timing of our registrational study supports commercialization in early 2015, putting us in a strong competitive position. It is our goal to be the first to market on an interferon-free therapy for genotype 1 patients. So in summary, we have an excellent foundation for AbbVie. We have a strong base of sustainable leadership positions across our specialty-focused commercial portfolio, including HUMIRA, which will continue to drive significant growth; a compelling late-stage pipeline, including several programs with billion-dollar-plus potential; a strong and experienced management team; a solid financial foundation, including strong profitability and robust cash flow; and a commitment to return cash to shareholders, including a strong dividend. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bill Chase, who will be AbbVie's Chief Financial Officer, for additional information on our expected financial profile in 2013. Bill?
William J. Chase: Thanks, Rick. It's a pleasure to be here this morning and to have the opportunity to be part of the AbbVie team. To Rick's remarks, you should now have a good understanding of how we're viewing the broader identity of AbbVie. I'd like to take a few moments to expand on this from my financial standpoint. I'll also provide some color on our third quarter results, and then discuss certain aspects of the AbbVie financial profile, which will become evident when we begin operations in 2013. As we build AbbVie, we're keeping a close eye on what we feel is the most important for the investor. First, a sustainable top line supported by products that are leaders within their categories; second, robust cash flow that will support an attractive and dependable dividend; third, a continued commitment to driving efficient operations; and finally, a financial policy that balances both the short and long term. We recognize the importance of growing the dividend, and we're implementing plans to deliver this, while also ensuring that our new product pipeline is appropriately funded. I'd like to now take you through how we're tracking against these objectives. In the third quarter, worldwide sales for what will be considered AbbVie increased approximately 7% on an operational basis, excluding a negative impact from foreign exchange of roughly 4 percentage points. Global HUMIRA sales increased nearly 16% on an operational basis and 10% on a reported basis. HUMIRA performance in the U.S. was driven by continued strength across therapeutic categories, with particularly robust growth in the germ and gastro segments, where HUMIRA continues to outpace the market's double-digit growth. International HUMIRA growth was 7.5% on an operational basis. This growth would have been higher when normalized for the timing of tender shipments. Year-to-date, global sales of HUMIRA are up 19.3% and international sales are up 14.5%, both on an operational basis. So as you can see, we're well on track to achieve our 2012 global sale growth outlook for HUMIRA of low double-digit reported growth. Moving on to some of our other major products, AndroGel achieved U.S. sales of nearly $280 million. AndroGel holds the leadership position within the testosterone replacement market. Global sales of Lupron were nearly $190 million. Our 6-month formulation, approved last year in the U.S, continues to perform well, driving share gains and further expanding our category leadership. U.S. sales of Synthroid were $132 million in the quarter. Synthroid maintains strong brand loyalty and retains more than 20% market share despite the entry of generics into the market many years ago. And finally, U.S. sales of CREON were $92 million. CREON maintains market leadership in the pancreatic enzyme market, where we continue to capture the vast majority of new prescription starts. We are confident that our portfolio of products provides a strong and sustainable base for AbbVie, generating significant cash flow as our late-stage pipeline continues to develop. Turning to our outlook post separation, as Tom mentioned, we plan to set AbbVie's annual dividend at $1.60 per share subject to approval of the AbbVie board. This dividend level represents a strong payout and should support a healthy initial valuation for AbbVie, given current dividend yields in the 3.5% to 4% range for many of our pharma peers. As Tom said, in the coming weeks, AbbVie expects to raise just under $16 billion of debt. After a net cash distribution to Abbott of approximately $8.5 billion, AbbVie will begin operations with around $7 billion of cash on the balance sheet. This cash includes the $2.5 billion of funding raised for future operating and financing needs, as noted in our recent Form 10 amendment. I'm quite pleased with the strength of our financial position as we start operations. Our capital structure and a strong cash flow will ensure our ability to support both our dividend and the funding of our operations going forward. Today, we're also providing our current estimates of our P&L profile as we know this will be important as you begin to model AbbVie in the coming months. We've mentioned previously that 2013 and '14 will be a time of transition for our product portfolio, as our lipid franchise experiences the entry of generics. We fully expect generic competition throughout 2013 for TriCor and for generic events to play out during the year for TRILIPIX and Niaspan, and we're planning for this appropriately. And as Tom noted, our forecast for the fourth quarter assumes the launch of a generic TriCor, and we recommend that you model less than $200 million in U.S. TriCor/TRILIPIX sales in the fourth quarter. Given the expected timing of generic TriCor late in 2012, the year-over-year sales and gross margin ratio impacts will be more acutely felt by AbbVie in 2013. As a result, we're forecasting 2013 sales of less than $1 billion for our combined lipid franchise, including TriCor/TRILIPIX, Niaspan and SIMCOR, reflecting a decline of roughly $1.2 billion next year. We plan to cover a significant portion of this decline through growth of key marketed products, including HUMIRA. So as we see it today, we'd expect AbbVie's total sales to be somewhat above $18 billion in 2013 at current exchange rates. As Tom mentioned, AbbVie expects to report adjusted EPS on a cash basis, removing noncash amortization from cost of goods sold. For modeling purposes today, we're forecasting a gross margin ratio of around 76.5%, excluding noncash amortization, which reflects the impact of both lipids and some unfavorable foreign exchange. We're very pleased with our pipeline and expect to appropriately fund R&D investment to drive long-term growth. As Rick mentioned, we expect R&D expense of around 14% of sales. We expect SG&A to be around 26% of sales. This includes the incremental cost of becoming an independent company, as well as AbbVie's share of Abbott's corporate costs. While some analysts and investors have estimated these incremental expenses at 1% to 2% of AbbVie sales or up to $360 million, we have managed AbbVie's costs to be less than 1% of AbbVie's sales. This reflects our initial efforts to minimize these costs, and it remains our goal over time to offset as much of the remaining cost as possible through efficiency efforts. Given our debt outstanding and average interest rates, we expect net interest expense of approximately $400 million for AbbVie in 2013. The gross interest expense, that is, before interest income, was reflected in the pro forma adjustments in the September amendment to the Form 10. We're also forecasting minimal other income, as an existing agreement that was previously generating other income expires in 2013. And we expect a tax rate of approximately 22% in 2013, as Tom previously discussed. As outlined in our Form 10, we expect roughly $435 million or $0.21 per share of noncash amortization in 2013. This is important to note, as we expect AbbVie to provide its 2013 ongoing EPS guidance on a cash basis, that is, excluding noncash amortization for comparability purposes to most of our peers. We will also reconcile this guidance to EPS on a GAAP basis, which would include amortization expense and specified items. As I said earlier, I'm very pleased with how we're positioning AbbVie for future success, including our overall capital structure, the strength and durability of our cash flows, the sustainability of our on-market products and the emergence of a leading late-stage pipeline. I look forward to meeting many of you in the next few months and in the coming year. And with that, I'll turn it back over to John for some final comments.
John B. Thomas: Thanks, Bill. Before we open the call for questions, let me give you a brief overview of the next steps in the separation process. We continue to expect that Abbott and AbbVie will be independent companies on January 1, 2013. This is, of course, subject to the final approval of our Board of Directors, declaration that the Form 10 is effective and other customary conditions. A few weeks prior to separation, we'll issue a news release describing the special dividend distribution of AbbVie stock, including the distribution ratio and the record date. We expect that when-issued trading of both company stocks to begin in mid-December, with regular rate trading of both companies to begin on January 2 on the New York Stock Exchange. Abbott will continue to trade under the ticker symbol ABT, and as Rick mentioned, AbbVie will trade under the symbol ABBV. In addition, both Abbott and AbbVie will have separate investor roadshows beginning next month, and we look forward to seeing you then. With that, Elan, we'll now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David R. Lewis: Miles, I thought maybe we'd start with a strategic question. As I think about the DMP strategy or the Abbott strategy going forward, I feel like investors see nutrition as a big source of leverage. They see Established Pharma, and as we've seen this year, as sort of a source of growth. But they have questions on the device franchise. So I guess, how do you see the development of the device franchise? Is this a growth asset? Is it a leverage asset? And what impact do you think M&A is going to play in the development of that device franchise over time?
Miles D. White: Okay. Thanks, David. Well, I'd characterize the device franchise in the following way. I think we are in a transition period. We've just launched a number of new products in our Vascular business, for example. We're lapping our Promus arrangement with Boston Scientific. So we got a number of things that are sort of in transition there. So I look for growth out of the Vascular business. I'd say our -- and on a continuing basis because, as you know, we've established a very strong franchise there with our entire XIENCE franchise. I think we've got growth potential -- tremendous growth potential really with ABSORB and with MitraClip and frankly with our Endovascular franchise. So I expect that to be a growth business, and we simply have to lap the circumstance of Promus and we've got to get our new products launched, which we're under way with. No, I think we've got opportunity there, a lot of opportunity, including in emerging markets. On the front of the Ophthalmology business, part of that is market and economy driven, and part of that is new product launches, which we have a number of coming. And then part of it is expansion into emerging markets. So it's a similar story. But I'd say we're in the "let's get all the ducks lined up to achieve that and be ready to do that." That business has been somewhat disappointing over the last couple of years. But as you know, the LASIK part of it and others are very dependent on economic conditions, and that's really been a headwind for that business. So I look for that business also to be a growth contributor in the future. And then finally, Diabetes Care, I would characterize in 2 ways. One, it's clearly a tougher, more competitive market over time. There's been a lot of price pressure, reimbursement pressure and so forth, particularly from governments in Europe. On the other hand, we've got a particularly innovative pipeline and system of products coming that I think really change diabetes testing for the type 1 and type 2 tester going forward. The first product in that lineup, InsuLinx, is in the market now. And I'd say I've got a pretty exciting product line coming there. So I look for that business to also improve from a growth standpoint going forward. So I'm looking for growth out of all 3. All 3 happen to be in transitional phases right now, but they got a nice cadre of products coming. At the same time, we put a fair amount of emphasis on gross margin improvement in all of them, and we're seeing -- we've seen a lot of margin improvement over the last few years out of Vascular. We've seen it out of our Diabetes Care business. I think all the prospects look good there. But in terms of the evolution of the performance of businesses, I'd say, diagnostics, for example, is ahead of others on those tracks, also with a healthy pipeline of systems that's in development. As I mentioned, there hasn't been a lot new in the diagnostics or Core Laboratory Diagnostics arena in the last many years, actually, several years. And the pipeline of products under development there, I think are quite exciting for us and for the market. And I look at that across the board. I think the evidence from our nutrition and pharmaceutical business, EPD, the expansion in the emerging markets, the number of products that have entered those markets, they are all laying the foundation for growth in what are going to be growth markets anyway. So as I look forward, my expectations are optimistic. I'd say -- from time to time, a number of analysts, including yourself, have challenged us on our market assumptions, and I think that market has been tougher and slower to recover or slower to pick up than I had certainly hoped and any of us had hoped. But at the same time, you got to be prepared to grow through the markets. So I put a lot of attention on our organic or internal capability in innovation, R&D and new products. One of the things I'm quite pleased with as we split the company is that both companies have what I consider to be an appropriate critical mass of spending or level of spending in R&D. As you'll know, over the last 10 to 12 years, we've been steadily, I'd say, restoring or improving spending rates or investment rates in R&D. If you'll note in the AbbVie profile, on the split, they'll spend 14.5% in R&D. If you went back 10, 12 years ago, we would have struggled to spend at that level in R&D. So I'm pleased that with the performance of the company over the last 10 or 12 years and the growth, we've also improved the investment and spending rates in both R&D and SG&A to pretty healthy levels, so that the company is capable of sustaining organic innovation and sustainability going forward, which has been a focus. You asked me about M&A. I'd say M&A remains, from my point of view, only opportunistic. I'm putting an awful lot of our focus and emphasis right now internally. And I think that's important, particularly during the split when we'll have transition service agreements, and we've got to get through the separation and let the dust settle and so forth. I would -- I also never forecast M&A transactions, but I'm mindful that the foundation of the company has to be operating well and on an organic basis. Otherwise, I think we -- well, I think that's what we need to pay attention to. So I don't rule anything out. But I'm not looking for anything big and we're not particularly active. As you can see, over the last year, we haven't been. There are a few categories or areas where we're particularly mindful, whether or not there's opportunities to adjunctively add to the business or enhance the strategic strength of a business. We're always watching for that. We're always tracking that. But I'd say, right now, I don't have anything that I could forecast on the radar screen, and my focus is primarily organic. I know it's a long answer. It's more than you asked for. But I thought it would cover a number of things you'd be curious about.
Operator: Our next question is from Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin: Sort of a similar question to both Bill and Rick. Appreciate the granularity that you provided today on AbbVie going forward. But I'm wondering if you could -- you gave us a good sense for operating margins in 2013. But since, again, this business is going through so much transition with base business not changing much, but facing competition in the lipid business and then new products likely to come to the market 2015 and beyond. Can you give us a sense for where we -- where you see opportunities for operating margin leverage? The gross margin level you said was 76.5%. Where can that go realistically, driven by continued growth of HUMIRA, plus new product contributions? And then how should we think about SG&A and R&D going forward? And then, lastly, just on HUMIRA, Dave, obviously, this franchise has done extremely well. When we think about HUMIRA 2013 and beyond, just wondering what you are thinking internally about tofacitinib. Are you assuming, as I think the market is, a restricted third line label. If it's a second line label, how would that affect your thoughts on HUMIRA going forward?
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay, Jami, this is Rick. That was a long question.
Jami Rubin: Sorry, I didn't mean to be so verbose.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Hopefully, I wrote it all down right.
Miles D. White: She's getting all her follow-up questions in now.
Richard A. Gonzalez: I think, if you look at our business over the next 3 or 4 years, your perspective on it is correct. We're going to go through a transition period where we're going to have relatively flat to slightly down top line for the next couple of years driven by the loss of exclusivity primarily on our dyslipidemia franchise, and then the underlying emerging growth that we continue to see out of HUMIRA offsets the majority of that. Going forward, we anticipate that HUMIRA will continue to drive growth. Those markets are still areas where we can continue to drive penetration. As you know, the penetration rates, really, across all 3 segments are relatively low and we continue to see uptake of these kinds of products going forward as we expand into more and more patients and we expand geographically. Starting in roughly 2015, you'll start to see the emergence of our pipeline going forward and you'll see top line start to accelerate particularly in the second half of '15. From a margin standpoint, we still have opportunity to be able to improve margins between now and then, gross margins, and we continue to work on operational improvements. There'll be some mix improvement over time, although some of that will be offset by the loss of exclusivity of some products that also have relatively high margins so there'll be a little bit of a mixed bag there. But I think, generally speaking, we're focused on operational improvements in those areas. From an SG&A and an R&D standpoint, as I said in my comments, we have a strong late-stage pipeline. We have a number of assets that are in our mid-stage pipeline that we believe have compelling-enough data, that they will likely be able to advance into Phase III. This is an innovation-driven business. We're certainly going to drive everything that we have that we think could be successful, going forward. So we have a commitment to be able to support R&D at a level that's appropriate, based on those programs that advance. As I indicated, I think, for 2013, you should be assuming in the range of about 14%. On the SG&A front, I'd tell you that, in general, both R&D and SG&A, based on what we know about the industry, we're one of the most efficient operating models. And I think we operate very efficiently in the SG&A area. We're always careful about how we build infrastructure and make sure that we're as lean as possible but yet effective. And so that's an area that we always focus on, and it's sort of an Abbott tradition and we plan on continuing that as part of AbbVie. On the tofa front, I think our read in the U.S. is consistent with what you described, I think, based on the label, that we would anticipate -- on the data that we've seen publicly, we would expect it to be third line. We've anticipated both in our planning process. Essentially, I think, I believe that ultimately, if it comes out behind TNFs, based on the profile, we feel very, very comfortable with how HUMIRA will perform against it. Even if it came out with second line, I think we feel very comfortable with how HUMIRA will perform against tofa. And so we're obviously doing a lot of work in that area. We've done a tremendous amount of market research to understand the positioning of that product and how HUMIRA stacks up against it and we feel confident with how HUMIRA will perform going forward. I think that was everything.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Weinstein from JPMorgan.
Michael N. Weinstein: First question, let me just ask: You were talking a little bit about some of the kind of short-term transient headwinds facing what I'll call new Abbott, post spin. The organic growth rate, by our math, this quarter for new Abbott was 2.4%. Can -- any way you could try and quantify? And if it's tough to do it right now, I understand. Could you try and quantify what the impact was, Promus this quarter and the distribution change in nutritional, so we can try and get a more apples-to-apples look at how new Abbott is performing?
Thomas C. Freyman: Mike, this is Tom. I -- as we did describe in our comments, those were the 2 kind of transitional factors that masked the real growth rate of new Abbott. I'd say, each of those, on average -- Promus is probably in the 1.5% range and the direct distribution is closer to -- approaching 1%. So I -- if you adjust for those, we did have growth more in that 4% range. And as I mentioned in my remarks, if you look at the...
Miles D. White: You're talking about vascular in the books...
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, new Abbott. And as I mentioned in my remarks, if you look at our year-to-date adjusted for those items, we're in the mid-single-digit range. So that gives you a feel. Clearly, we expect, particularly in the nutrition area with -- when these direct distribution plans are completed, that that's going to be a really nice acceleration in growth next year and will be a big part of our ability to move this growth rate up from what you're seeing this year in new Abbott.
Michael N. Weinstein: Okay. And Tom, I want to ask you about the dividend and the tax rate. The -- what you laid out in the dividend is really consistent with what we had modeled out so there was really no surprises there in how you split it and what basically you're forecasting for '13 on the dividend. But you indicated on the call that AbbVie's tax rate is going to go up by about 10 points from where it has been and where the Street is modeling to where it's going to be in 2013, which obviously has a big impact on people's earnings models for AbbVie and combined Abbott, going forward. I think our math on it was that it's about 8.5% negative hit to combined Abbott's EPS, going forward, from that increase in the AbbVie tax rate. So is it that the -- you need to shift that much of your profits in order to support the AbbVie dividend going forward? Is that why the tax rate is going from 12% to 22%?
Thomas C. Freyman: Mike, I think the key thing here is, and it's really the point we've been making from the very first day we talked about this. These are very different businesses going forward, and they're operating independently. And AbbVie -- a lot of the cash flow historically has been efficient capital that we've been able to deploy to a lot of opportunities that have really helped the overall Abbott portfolio and performance. And going forward, as separate companies, AbbVie is much more focused on returns. And it's essential that a dividend gets set at an appropriate level, particularly given the focus on yields that investors have on these stocks these days. So making that a big priority for that company, it was important to rethink the balancing of the cash flows and what would be an appropriate, sustainable level going forward. Obviously, we're -- we continue to be hopeful that, over time, Washington will continue to focus on this area. It could provide additional opportunities for both companies if we move to a more competitive tax system. But the rate at which AbbVie will be starting its existence is a very good sustainable rate given that the profile of the business, the expectations of the investors and what the future holds, as opposed to what was appropriate in the past.
Michael N. Weinstein: So I mean -- so this is a surprise to the Street today and that's why I'm focusing on it because obviously we didn't model it this way, I know people  weren't modeling it. And that's in part because of the comments you guys had made last October on the tax rate. So...
Thomas C. Freyman: As Miles -- Mike, as Miles indicated, it's been a process since last October to provide additional information to investors as we get closer to the point at which investors are going to separately value these stocks, and today is a big step in that regard. Obviously, we're going to be talking to people about the companies as we get out and talk to investors over the next couple of months. And it's important that they have this information and understand the rationale and that it really sets AbbVie up to be very well positioned for its objectives.
Miles D. White: Mike, this is Miles. The one thing I'd say that's clear to us as we've gone through the separation: When you split 2 businesses that do look very different from a profile standpoint and a return standpoint or, frankly, the expectations of investors. One thing I've noted is some analysts and some investors are pretty good at projecting what they think each business will look like, but what we don't want is for an analyst to have to guess on a lot of the parameters that help them model the business because it's so much a part of how they'll value the businesses and so forth. So our intent, both with the amendments to the Form 10 and to the additional information we put out today, isn't to surprise but frankly to take out uncertainty where there's wide ranges of assumptions whether it be about interest rates or interest costs or, frankly, dis-synergies in transition costs or the costs of running a company separately and so forth. And if there's different -- if there's changes, like tax rate, in the structure of the P&L of the company, we want you to know what those things are so you can model. And there's a time when we know that, there's a time when we can finally give clarity to analysts and investors about those things. And when you put them all together, it's our intent to try to take out the -- or the difficulty of modeling each company separately for you and other analysts and investors. But other than that, I think it's just new information today that, frankly, so many of you have been asking for to give you more ability to know what they're going to look like.
Michael N. Weinstein: I appreciate that. So Tom, what is the payout ratio that, that implies for AbbVie going forward?
Thomas C. Freyman: Roughly -- the dividend, you're talking about, Mike?
Michael N. Weinstein: Yes, just given the higher tax rate.
Thomas C. Freyman: Roughly 50% payout on cash earnings for the dividend.
Operator: Our next question is from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn J. Novarro: Two questions for Rick, first is on the HUMIRA franchise. If you look at the HUMIRA franchise just this quarter, OUS came in a little light. And you mentioned the timing of tenders. But I've got to believe that European austerity is having an impact as well. And if that's the case, is this going to be a headwind for the HUMIRA OUS franchise over the next couple of years? And are there any offsets? And then, as a follow-up on HUMIRA, the patents in both U.S. and Europe expire over the next 5 years, is there a strategy in place that can extend the patents? And then I'd like to ask a follow-up on hepatitis after you passed -- answered the HUMIRA questions.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. So Glenn, on the growth rate in the third quarter, there were essentially 2 tenders that moved between quarters. One moved out into fourth quarter, one moved back into second quarter. If you essentially adjust for those changes, HUMIRA is continuing to run about mid-teens, so there isn't any material impact on HUMIRA. Having said that, clearly, the impact across everyone's business in Europe is being felt with some of the austerity measures that are being taken. I wouldn't say that we feel differently than we felt for the last couple of years. 2010, from a price standpoint, was probably the most difficult year, the most challenging year. If you look at this year, it's in that range but slightly below that from a price erosion standpoint. What we modeled for '13 is close to 2010, so we're planning in that range. But it hasn't had a material impact on the performance of HUMIRA going forward and we don't expect that, going forward. As far as biosimilar competition in 2017 or 2018, which is what you're talking about, obviously, we spend a lot of time working on that strategy. You have to remember that, beyond just the molecule patents, there are a number of process patents that will be important in the process and a number of other things that we continue to look at. And as you know, if you look at biosimilars, it's a very different ballgame from small molecules. We do not believe that it will be an interchangeable kind of or a substitutable kind of product. And they will have to sell based on their own data if and when they come to market. And we believe that HUMIRA's track record will stack up nicely against them. And so it certainly will have an impact, we recognize that, but we think it's a manageable impact and we believe we have a number of strategies to be able to protect HUMIRA going forward...
Glenn J. Novarro: So from a modeling point of view, we should assume some generics entering the market 2017, 2018, correct?
Richard A. Gonzalez: You should assume some biosimilar activity, based on some entering the market around 2017, 2018, correct.
Glenn J. Novarro: Okay. And then just as a follow-up. I had a question on your hepatitis program. So we've seen very good, very strong data from the current regimen, but the current regimen also -- the protease inhibitors boosted with ritonavir. And there's a lot of questions out there, whether or not this will limit the ability to take market share because of ritonavir's interaction with other drugs. What's your best guess is as to what a ritonavir booster will do in terms of limiting the market share for your platform? And then, as a follow-up, the data in the nulls was really, really strong and this could really establish you as a major player in that segment of the market. How big do you think the null market would be?
Richard A. Gonzalez: Let me start with ritonavir, and there's obviously been a lot of questions around ritonavir. I think it's important to recognize that the dose of ritonavir in the HCV cocktail, or in the PI [ph] specifically, is 1/12 the dose -- the labeled dose in ritonavir. So we have not seen any of the side effect profile that people talk about, like GI side effects, lipid profile side effects, in any of the clinical trials. And we've now done a substantial number of patients, as you know. The tolerability in the trial had less than a 2% discontinuation rate and a very low rate of any kind of drug-to-drug interactions. So we don't -- everyone can talk about ritonavir, and obviously, our competitors are talking about it. The reality is the data speaks for itself, and you're going to get a chance to see the data. And a patient doesn't know or a physician doesn't really care whether it has ritonavir in it or not. What they care about is high cure rates, tolerability and ease of use of the protocol, right? And I think, in those fronts, based on the data that we've seen thus far, we're pretty confident about what we have. And I think the data will play out over time. We'll do our Phase III trials. It will be an even larger cohort of patients, and we'll have an opportunity to see that. But there's nothing in this data -- and I can tell you we have been through this data very, very carefully. There is nothing in this data that concerns me, from a tolerability standpoint, with ritonavir. Now I -- oh, the nulls. The null performance is very, very impressive. And as you know, it's -- we haven't seen anything from any other product that even comes close to this level of performance. The way we calculate nulls -- and we spent some time looking at this. It would suggest to us that nulls alone are somewhere around a $2.5 billion to $3 billion opportunity, so they're a pretty sizable opportunity. And obviously, the market will continue to grow as more and more therapies come out there. So we believe that could be a very significant differentiating factor for our therapy. We'll have to see how other data that comes out over the course of time, but certainly, 93% performance in null-responding patients is something that the industry has not seen before.
Operator: Our next question is from Rajeev Jashnani from UBS.
Rajeev Jashnani: My question first was on new Abbott. And just not getting too much into guidance, but I was just hoping you could help us think about outlook a little bit in the sense that you've talked about margins impacting -- or FX impacting the margins next year. And obviously, margin expansion is one of the attractive points for that company. Maybe you could help us understand the way rates are currently sitting, how much is that going to dilute the margin expansion next year. Can we still expect some net margin expansion in that business?
Thomas C. Freyman: Sure. This is Tom. As you've seen from Abbott's performance over the years, certainly within a year, currency has been a little bit less impactful to us than maybe some other companies. And it really is a function kind of the way things flow through our business. As you know, sales, when currency moves, that's an immediate impact whereas the impact on cost to sales kind of -- tends to lag through the inventory process. And we've had quite a bit of that this year and some of that is going to carry into next year. And so I'd say, as we've been saying all along on the quarters with the favorability of exchange that we've been pointing out in the gross margin improvement, some of that was a bit transitional this year and it's going to flip back a little bit the other way next year. So I just think it's normalizing. And if you look at underlying, what's really going on in these businesses, it's very quite positive, as we've talked about, in terms of improving the gross margins fundamentally. And I think, once we get through this one-time adjustment, if you will, of getting the margin back to a more normalized level, you'll be able to see the growth of that margin, as we've been talking about.
Miles D. White: Rajeev, this is Miles. I would just add to that the following, by way of background explanation. One of the reasons that exchange doesn't translate from the top line to our bottom line as much as it may in other companies, and other companies frankly do the same thing, we try to put our cost base, our manufacturing, et cetera, also in the same markets where we may experience exchange fluctuation in sales and top line because there's a natural hedge there in cost, et cetera. So for example, over time, to the extent that costs and manufacturing and other things are in some of the growth markets where we are growing and we are putting our plants there, et cetera, for the products that we will sell there, there's a natural hedging there that helps mitigate the top line impact of exchange down to the bottom line. So some years, that's a plus for us on the margin line. For this -- for example, this year, while the -- while the top line is experiencing negative exchange, the gross margin line is experiencing positive exchange. Important to point out, though, that on that gross margin line, it's not all exchange. It -- there's a big chunk of that improvement in the gross margin line that is actually actions taken to improve our cost structures or mix and whatever the case may be. So if exchange improves on the top line next year, as Tom says, that'll have a dampening effect on the continued improvement of gross margin. But we expect to continue to improve, from our own actions, the gross margin line. It just won't benefit from an extra boost from exchange, so it's kind of a mitigated thing both ways. If -- at the end of the day, what we're looking to do in the way we structure our own approach to exchange is to mitigate its volatility on the bottom line.
Rajeev Jashnani: Yes, no, thanks for that. I think, clearly, what's important is what happens on an underlying basis, but it's just helpful to have expectation in the right place as far as the numbers go, I thought. I did have a follow-up on nutritionals. I guess the growth there was a little bit lighter than what we were looking for in pediatric. And I know you talked about some of the distributor issues, but those are obviously things that you've known for several quarters. Maybe just particularly on x U.S., if you could talk about if any of the underlying market dynamics have changed materially this quarter and if you're thinking about the markets there any differently than you have been in the past.
Miles D. White: Well, I'd say a couple of things, then I'm going to let Tom weigh in here too. There aren't really distributor issues. There's one circumstance, fairly significant, where we bought out the distributor and there's an adjustment we're going through while we let that inventory wind down and come -- and the sales wind down and come back into our own system. It -- when -- we're -- in effect, we're going direct in a lot of our markets and some of our significant ones overseas. So there's a transition there as you do that. It clearly is dampening. And it's not an issue per se, it's a deliberate action on our part to go more direct for a lot of favorable reasons. Tom?
Thomas C. Freyman: I guess I'd just say that, really, the items we noted on the distributor changes are the kind of the drag on what one might expect. And we do expect in the fourth quarter upper-single growth in this business. So you're going to see a better rate, we believe, in the fourth quarter, and we think it's even got better potential in 2013. So I think, once we get through this transition, you will feel confident that those types of growth rates are possible for this business and we plan to deliver on them.
Miles D. White: I mean, you asked if there's an underlying fundamental downshift in some way, not that we see, no. No, we're not looking at that or expecting that.
Operator: Our next question is from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Emerging market growth this quarter, it was over 10%, so -- and it was 12% last quarter, so it seems like it's in that 10% to 12% range. Is that a realistic rate, going forward? And maybe if you can talk about AbbVie versus Abbott, if there's differences there. And then I just had one follow-up.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, certainly, in the quarter, and then -- and we said this in the October meeting last year and throughout, emerging markets is much more a part of the story and a much more important part of the growth opportunity on the Abbott side. And in fact, in the quarter, even though overall company grew double digits, it was stronger on the Abbott side and a little bit below that on the AbbVie side. So it clearly is a more important part of the story now. That said, I think, AbbVie, and we've said this also, does see opportunities there. And I think somewhere in the range of $1 billion of growth in emerging markets over the 5-year period is still a part of their story. But clearly, the performance is much -- was better in the quarter on the Abbott side and really is a bigger part of the story. The other thing I would say is some of the tenders that Rick talked about when he was talking about HUMIRA also tended to dampen down AbbVie in the third quarter, and I think that is a bit transitional.
Lawrence Biegelsen: And then that -- one for Miles. At the analyst meeting last October, you laid out some goals for the new Abbott to grow high single digits and EPS at a double-digit rate. Today, you're saying you can grow mid-single digits in 2013. Could you give us a little bit of an update on kind of the long-term goals for the new Abbott and why maybe next year is mid-single digits versus your original high-single-digit goal?
Thomas C. Freyman: That's mid to upper, Larry. I just wanted to clarify.
Miles D. White: Larry, I'd say this. There's no difference in our long-term goals at all, or even our long-term expectations. I think there's a number of things that are different now than last year but only relatively speaking. So for example, I'd say, right now, in 2013, I'm looking for mid- to high single digits. And I think, at that meeting last year, I distinctly remember at least one of you, if not a couple of you, were more cautious about economy, et cetera, going forward, and you proved to be right. I'd say, right now, the difference in my outlook is more about market conditions than anything else and how slow a recovery in a number of markets around the world will come. I think that the biggest change that I see is slower market growth rates in emerging markets. But I'm cautious about how I describe that because, when people in general look at China, and this is any company that's doing business in China today, not necessarily in health care and medical products, people say, "Gee, the Chinese market's really slowed. It was at 9%, now it's at 7%." Well, slow is a relative term. 7% looks pretty attractive, as a matter of generality, compared to developed markets and a lot of developing markets. But I'd say that the underlying market growth rates in a number of the economies around the world are slower, particularly in emerging markets, than we might have originally expected, and I think all industries are experiencing that right now. And then, who knows whether these things will recover as fast as everybody would like or not. The whole world now is pretty interlocked so that, if the developed markets are slow, it does roll back into a number of the developing or emerging or growth markets. So single biggest difference, I think, in our outlook is the underlying market growth rates or expansion rates, which I think, in relative terms, is a more near-term thing than a long-term thing. I think all those markets overseas that we view as growth markets are growth markets for the long term, and my expectations are high-single-digit top line for the long term and mid to high in the nearer term. Our goals haven't changed, but we just -- we have to be realistic about the underlying market conditions. Our objective is to do better than market in any circumstance so that we're growing and gaining share, et cetera, in our targeted geographies and targeted segments of the business. So I'd say there's no change to my expectations. There's a change to my assumptions about the conditions in which we operate. That affects exchange too, although we all understand exchange. I mean, I think the biggest change or surprise to my own expectations for the year was the exchange impact from growth markets. Historically, with AbbVie as part of Abbott, Europe is a huge part of exchange for us. That's less true for new Abbott going forward. It's much more a market basket of a lot of currencies around the world, which is different, and a lot of those currencies have performed differently this year. So I think a lot of this is adjustment to conditions. And frankly, I think our underlying expectations, which are generally driven by our own performance, the new products we bring to market, the share we gain, the market opportunities we access, I have -- there's no change in my expectations about those.
Operator: Our next question is from Tony Butler from Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler: A couple of questions on Hep C. Rick, you commented, with respect to the very good data, the very good 12-week data in genotype 1, that you would be the first in the market in 2015 against genotype 1. And I'm curious if that statement was correct, as I wrote it down. And second, what is your -- AbbVie's expectations with respect to the competition being in the market at what time? And then the second question around Hep C is around nulls. You did provide some commentary around the market and that's very helpful. Although, I'm curious, and I seem to recall that the null data that has been presented is without cirrhotics. Is that correct? And then I have one financial follow-up.
Richard A. Gonzalez: Okay. As far as the nulls are concerned, it is without cirrhotics, that is correct. We're going to do a cirrhotic trial now. So it's nulls without cirrhotics. As far as the timing, you heard the comment correct. We do anticipate that if we hit the window of early 2015, based on how we've modeled out time lines for competitive products, it would suggest to us that, that could be the first product to enter the market for genotype 1. There may be products that enter the market for genotype 2 and 3 prior to that, in fact I think there could be in all likelihood, products that enter the market after that. Now, that's based on a set of assumptions that we're making that essentially are based on our competitive intelligence of how long we think trials would take to be able to start up. I can tell you, all of this recognized, that this will be a race to get to market. And we anticipate early in 2015 is the time frame that we should be able to hit. And based on what we know today, we're assuming that, that would be first to market. But we'll have to see how it plays out over time.
Charles Anthony Butler: Yes, sir, I understand the race all too well. The one financial question, that was around AbbVie's debt-to-EBITDA. Are you happy with that debt-to-EBITDA, at least in the short term? I.e., would you take excess cash beyond the dividend to pay that debt down? And if not, does the high tax rate really imply a fair level of repatriation of capital? And that is again for AbbVie.
William J. Chase: So Tony, what we've done is we've structured AbbVie with what we think is a very strong, responsible balance sheet at the onset. As cash is generated, yes -- I mean, I think one of the priorities we would have is we balance our cash. And we do look at it as an exercise in balancing between returning to shareholder, funding the business, but one of the other items is ultimately paying down debt as well. And we would look to do that when we have maturities through the next couple of years. In regards to the need to repatriate, I think, if you look at AbbVie, we've got a pretty strong balance sheet. We've got $7 billion of cash, starting out. The 22% tax rate will allow us to appropriately balance geographic cash flows between our needs and our uses. And so I don't think any additional repatriation would be necessary.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Holford from Jefferies.
Jeffrey Holford: One part of capital allocation you haven't discussed yet for either AbbVie or Abbott is share repurchases. Can you just outline any thoughts that you have there?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, I mean, both companies do anticipate continuing their share repurchase programs. As you are aware, Abbott's been more active this year than we have been in the last couple. And the specific of that, each company is going to have to talk about it at future dates.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question. Our next question is from Danielle Antalffy.
Danielle Antalffy: Just if I could focus in for the legacy of the Abbott device business. On the Vascular side, one of -- another cardiovascular company just this morning talked about pressure, cardiovascular procedure volumes in Europe. I'm just wondering if you could talk about what you guys are seeing over in Europe and how that could be impacting stent sales, going forward.
Miles D. White: Well, I think -- I don't know what the other company said this morning, Danielle, but we are seeing a definite pressure on PCI volumes, or procedure volumes and so forth and procedure rates. The -- what we see -- and I think it depends on what geographies you're in. For us, the pressures in Europe are somewhat offset by the growth in procedures in developing markets or growth markets, other markets. But I think, for some time, at least for the near term, we can expect to see some continued pressure on Europe, perhaps the U.S.
Danielle Antalffy: And then just again on the Vascular business. Evalve, I wasn't there, but talked to a few docs that attended the ESC meeting, and it sounds like there's more excitement being drummed up for the MitralClip. Just wondering what your status is on that filing here in the U.S. And should we view this business any differently after hearing some more positive data points coming out of the ESC meeting in August?
John B. Thomas: Yes, Danielle. So we're -- in the U.S., we're still hopeful for a panel probably in early part of next year in the first quarter. That's the latest thinking, okay? All right, thank you. Operator, that concludes today's conference call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of the call after -- call in after 11:00 a.m. Central time, go to Abbott's Investor Relation website at abbottinvestor.com; and after 11:00 a.m. Central time, via telephone at (203) 369-0533, passcode 4347. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday, October 31. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. And I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs.
John B. Thomas: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations. Tom will review the details of our financial results for the quarter and outlook for the year. Larry and I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, as always, we'll take any questions that you might have. Some statements made today may be forward-looking, including the planned separation of the research-based pharmaceutical company, AbbVie, from the diversified medical products company, Abbott, and the expected financial results of the 2 companies after separation. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1a, Risk Factors, to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as we always do, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand our ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas C. Freyman: Thanks, John. For the second quarter of 2012, Abbott delivered ongoing earnings per share that exceeded our guidance range, reflecting growth of nearly 10%, and we're confirming our full year ongoing EPS guidance range for 2012. We also made significant progress in our work to separate our research-based pharmaceutical business into a new publicly traded company and we remain on track to complete the separation at the end of this year. For the second quarter, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share of $1.23, an increase of nearly 10% over the prior year, exceeding our ongoing EPS guidance range of $1.20 to $1.22. Sales for the quarter increased 6.7% on an operational basis, that is excluding an unfavorable 4.7% impact from exchange rates. Operational growth was driven by strong performance across a number of our products and businesses, including emerging market operational growth of more than 12%. Including the negative impact of exchange, reported sales increased 2%. In the second quarter, we experienced one of the larger exchange effects we've seen in a single quarter in some time. This exchange impact was approximately 1% more unfavorable than our estimate when we provided guidance in April, reflecting changes in rates since that point in time. Given the significant impact of exchange on top line results, to understand underlying growth across our businesses it's particularly important this quarter to focus on operational growth, that is growth before the impact of exchange as detailed in our earnings news release. For example, exchange trimmed almost 10% off reported growth in our international Proprietary Pharmaceuticals and Established Pharmaceuticals businesses in the quarter. Both businesses reported accelerating operational growth in the quarter, at or above our previous expectations. To help you understand underlying growth in both the Proprietary Pharmaceuticals and diversified medical products businesses, John and Larry will also outline exchange impact in detail in their remarks as well as other transactional effects impacting some of the businesses, such as the phaseout of Promus royalty revenue in the Vascular business. As we'll discuss today, exchange is expected to continue to impact sales in a significant way in the second half, in particular in the third quarter. During the quarter, we also saw a continued meaningful improvement in the adjusted gross margin ratio, up 310 basis points from the prior year, or more than 63%, as a result of the many margin improvement initiatives we've been implementing across our businesses as well as the impact of exchange. In the quarter, we saw improvements in the operating margin ratios over the prior year in our Vascular, Nutritionals and Diagnostics businesses. In the quarter, we delivered a 170-basis-point improvement in the company's adjusted operating margin ratio while continuing to invest in the businesses. Ongoing R&D investment approached 10% of sales, reflecting continued progress across our new product programs. We also increased SG&A investment behind many of our key products and businesses to drive future growth. Turning to our outlook for 2012. Today, we're confirming our full year 2012 ongoing earnings per share guidance of $5 to $5.10, which represents growth of 8.4% over 2011 at the midpoint of the range. With our planned separation on track for completion at the end of this year, the guidance we provided continues to reflect a full year outlook for the company in total. Regarding sales growth for 2012, we continue to forecast a full year operational growth in the mid-single digits. Based on current exchange rates, we would see a negative impact of exchange on sales of approximately 3.5% for the full year, which is 1 percentage point more negative than our previous guidance. We continue to forecast reported sales growth, that is net of exchange, in the low single digits for the full year. Also for 2012, we're forecasting continued improvement over the prior year in our adjusted gross margin ratio, which we expect to exceed 62% for the full year. This reflects the favorable impact of efficiency initiatives, mix and the impact of foreign exchange, partially offset by the expected continued decline in U.S. lipid sales as well as the phaseout of Promus royalty revenues in our Vascular business. We're forecasting continuing investments to drive growth in 2012 and beyond with full year ongoing R&D of 9.5% to 10% of sales and ongoing SG&A of approximately 28% of sales. Overall, we continue to expect to expand our operating margin ratio by around 100 basis points in 2012. We're forecasting ongoing net interest expense of approximately $425 million, and we continue to expect an ongoing tax rate of 14.5% to 15% for the full year 2012. Turning to the outlook for the third quarter. We're forecasting ongoing earnings per share of $1.26 to $1.28. We forecast specified items of $0.15 in the third quarter, primarily reflecting onetime costs related to the separation and costs of previous restructuring and integration actions. I'll discuss onetime separation costs in more detail in a moment. Our operational sales growth in the third quarter is expected to be in the mid-single digits. At current exchange rates, we'd see a roughly 5-percentage-point negative impact from exchange in the third quarter, resulting in reported sales growth in the low single digits. We're forecasting an adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 62% in the third quarter, an increase from the third quarter of 2011. As mentioned, we remain on track with our plans to separate Abbott at year end into 2 leading health care companies, one in diversified medical products, which will continue to be named Abbott, and the other in research-based pharmaceuticals, named AbbVie. We expect the separation will provide 2 unique and compelling investment opportunities for shareholders. Our transition organization has been fully engaged in the separation since our announcement, and we continue to work through the details of separating the 2 organizations. The process is proceeding according to plan and is going well. Most recently, last month, we filed our initial Form 10 for AbbVie that provided historical results for AbbVie on a GAAP basis for the past 3 years and for the first quarter of 2012. These historical results include an allocation of certain costs previously held at the corporate level to the business. In addition, senior management assignments for AbbVie were identified. Also since the April call, we've established new short-term credit facilities for both companies, which will back up commercial paper borrowings as well as a bridge credit facility to support the previously discussed refinancing of long-term debt in anticipation of the separation. In the second half of this year, we expect to file amendments to the Form 10 as more information becomes available. These amendments will include 2012 quarterly results for AbbVie as we progress through the year and pro forma adjustments to reflect the impact of expected debt, cash balances and interest expense for AbbVie as an independent company. We'd expect amendments to our filing until it's declared effective later in the year. Also, we're now in a position to forecast 2012 onetime costs associated with the separation. Through the first 2 quarters of 2012, we've incurred $0.06 per share in separation costs and we expect to incur another $0.17 per share in the second half of 2012. This is now included in our forecast of specified items for 2012. As previously indicated, as we establish AbbVie's capital structure, we'll also expect to incur onetime bond refinancing costs. As you know, all of Abbott's debt is currently carried by the parent company, and ultimately, a portion of the debt will be carried by AbbVie. So we have plans to execute a tender process for a portion of the existing Abbott debt, funded by the proceeds of debt to be issued by AbbVie. We expect the AbbVie debt to be issued prior the separation while AbbVie is still a wholly-owned subsidiary of Abbott. The expected onetime financing costs associated with that process will be largely a result of today's interest rates being significantly lower than the rates currently paid on Abbott's bonds. We'll provide a forecast of these onetime costs, which will be a function of the dollar amount of bonds tendered and market conditions, as we get closer to the tender date in the second half of 2012. Regarding the timing of separation. We're on track to be ready to separate at the end of this year, assuming approvals progress as expected. Given this likely timing, for a number of reasons, it would make sense for Abbott and AbbVie to become separate companies beginning on the first day of the new year. As you can imagine, there are many aspects of the separation that will be simplified by completing the full year 2012 as one Abbott and beginning 2013 as separate companies. Shortly after final review and approval of the transaction by our board, expected later this year, we would issue a news release that would announce a special dividend distribution of all the outstanding shares of Abbott -- of common stock of AbbVie to Abbott shareholders as well as the distribution ratio, record date and payment date for the distribution, which will be the first date that AbbVie is an independent company. As we proceed towards the separation date, we'll be initiating a comprehensive investor relations effort to provide investors with more information regarding the 2 companies. This will include road shows for both companies with their respective senior management teams. So in summary, we're delivering on our expectations for 2012 and confirming our 2012 ongoing EPS guidance, which reflects strong top-tier performance as we execute the steps necessary to separate Abbott into 2 leading healthcare companies at the end of this year. With that, let's turn to the business operating highlights. John?
John B. Thomas: Thanks, Tom. I'm going to start with our diversified medical products businesses, and then Larry will discuss the Proprietary Pharmaceutical business, which will become AbbVie. Operational sales for our diversified medical products businesses increased 4.5% in the second quarter, excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange. So on a reported basis, sales were roughly flat. As you know, this year, we're experiencing a negative transitional impact to our top line growth rate from the phaseout of certain royalty revenues in our Vascular business, as well as the shift to direct distribution in certain markets in our International Nutrition business. Excluding these transitional impacts, sales for diversified medical products approached 7% this quarter. We also continued to expand operating margins in the quarter across our diversified medical products businesses, including Nutrition, Diagnostics, Vascular and Diabetes Care. So let me start with Nutrition where global sales in the quarter increased more than 8% on an operational basis and more than 6% on a reported basis, which of course, includes the impact of foreign exchange. In the U.S., sales increased 13% with U.S. Pediatric Nutritionals sales increasing 25%. We continue to increase our share position in the U.S. infant formula market with Similac and remain the clear market leader. We expect continued growth of our Similac brand this year as we launch new products to support it in the prenatal segment of the market. Our toddler brand, PediaSure, continues to grow at a double-digit pace. And in the second quarter, we launched the new PediaSure SideKicks Clear beverage that is helping to drive growth. U.S. Adult Nutritionals sales increased 3% in the quarter as we exited certain lower-margin brands in the quarter as part of our ongoing margin improvement initiative. Excluding this impact, sales increased in the high single digits, driven by strong growth of both Ensure and Glucerna. In fact, these 2 products combined are on track to generate roughly $2 billion in full year global sales this year alone. We continue to launch new innovations to these product lines that are driving sustainable growth. In the second quarter, we launched a new product called Ensure Clear, which is a new fruit-flavored Ensure brand with the same supplemental nutrition as our traditional Ensure Shakes. Outside of the U.S., Nutritionals sales increased 4.5% on an operational basis with both pediatric and adult nutrition growing at a similar mid-single-digit rate. As we saw in the second quarter, top line growth in International Nutritionals sales this year is expected to be lower than underlying demand, as we transition from a distributor model to a direct distribution model in certain markets. As we discussed, this new distribution strategy is another component of a comprehensive initiative in our global Nutrition business to drive significant gross and operating margin improvement. In fact, we expect to improve AN operating margin from the low teens in 2011 to our target of more than 20% by 2015 through these and numerous other efforts. In addition to the direct distribution I mentioned, we're also focused on manufacturing, distribution and logistics where we're improving our production processes and building more efficient plants that are closer to our customers, particularly in fast-growing emerging markets. Construction of 3 manufacturing facilities are underway in the U.S., China and India. We're also reducing product costs on our Nutrition business such as packaging costs, ingredient costs and material costs. And we're improving our mix. We're assessing both product and geographic mix to focus on our more profitable Nutrition segments. We're implementing a number of these improvement initiatives in this year, 2012, which are expected to drive significant operating margin expansion in this business beginning next year in 2013 and beyond. As we look ahead to the third quarter in our global Nutrition business, we expect high single-digit growth on an operational basis and mid-to-high single-digit growth on a reported basis with the impact of foreign exchange. This third quarter outlook for Nutritionals includes mid-to-high single-digit growth in the U.S. and double-digit operational growth internationally, with mid-single-digit growth internationally on a reported basis. Let's move on to Established Pharmaceuticals, which includes international sales of our branded generics portfolio. Sales in the quarter increased nearly 4% on an operational basis. Including a nearly 10% negative impact of foreign exchange, reported sales declined mid-single digits. Emerging markets represent about 60% of total EPD sales, and in the second quarter, emerging markets sales increased in the low double digits on an operational basis. We're growing in these markets as we continue to expand our presence and launch new brands, packaging enhancements and new formulations. Our large and growing portfolio of more than 500 established pharmaceuticals consists of trusted, well-known brands that have broad use throughout the world. Over the next several years, we expect to bring the benefits of these medicines to much broader patient populations through registrations across multiple geographies as well as launches of improved formulations to enhance efficacy and improve convenience. So as we look ahead to the third quarter in EPD, we expect mid-single-digit growth on an operational basis, that is, before the expected nearly 10% negative effect of foreign exchange. As a result, reported sales for the third quarter in EPD are expected to decline in the mid-single digits. In Core Laboratory Diagnostics, which includes immunoassay, hematology and blood screening, global sales increased 8.6% on an operational basis this quarter. Reported sales increased 3.3%, including a more than 5% negative impact from foreign exchange. In the U.S., sales increased 15%. The strong growth was driven by continued uptake of our ARCHITECT immunoassay and PRISM blood screening systems, driven by strong commercial execution. Outside of the U.S., sales increased 7% on an operational basis and 1% on a reported basis. We delivered strong growth in emerging markets with sales in China, Brazil and Russia collectively increasing approximately 30% on an operational basis. In each of these markets, we continue to expand our presence with numerous new account wins internationally. In Point of Care Diagnostics, worldwide sales increased more than 14% on an operational basis. And in Molecular Diagnostics, worldwide sales increased 5.5% on an operational basis. So looking ahead to the third quarter in our global Diagnostics business, we expect mid-to-high single-digit growth on an operational basis and low single-digit growth on a reported basis. So let me move on now to medical devices and our vision care business, where global sales increased low single digits in the second quarter on an operational basis. This was driven by mid-single-digit operational growth in cataract, our largest, most profitable and fastest-growing segment within vision care. We also saw a continued strong double-digit cataract growth in a number of key emerging markets such as India and China. Looking ahead to the third quarter in vision care, we expect low single-digit sales on an operational basis and roughly flat sales on a reported basis. In our global Diabetes Care business, worldwide sales increased 3.3% on an operational basis and declined 1% on a reported basis. U.S. sales increased more than 8% as we continued to execute on our strategy to drive share gains among insulin-using patients, as well as roll out new blood glucose meter InsuLinx in the U.S. International sales were roughly flat on an operational basis and down more than 7% on a reported basis, including an 8% negative impact from foreign exchange. Looking ahead to the third quarter in Diabetes Care, we expect a low single-digit decline on an operational basis and a mid-single-digit decline on a reported basis with better growth expected going into the fourth quarter. In our Vascular business, reported sales in the quarter included the impact of the phaseout of certain royalty and supply arrangement revenues, including Promus, as well as the negative impact of foreign exchange. Excluding these impacts, worldwide Vascular sales increased 4.6%. As a reminder, the U.S. Promus transition will be completed by the end of this year and that positions our Vascular business in 2013 for stronger reported sales growth. Operating margin in our Vascular division remains strong, increasing year-over-year. In the second quarter, our Vascular business delivered strong growth internationally, increasing 11% on an operational basis. Sales in emerging markets, which comprise more than 20% of total Vascular sales, grew more than 25% on an operational basis. Worldwide sales of our XIENCE drug-eluting stent franchise were approximately $400 million in the quarter, and that's an increase of 5.6% on an operational basis. Outside of the U.S., which is about 65% of our worldwide drug-eluting stent business, sales grew more than 10% on an operational basis. In Japan, in the second quarter, we launched XIENCE PRIME, our next-generation drug-eluting stent, where we continue to hold leading share in the exclusive position in the long-length Everolimus Eluting Stent segment. In the U.S., XIENCE sales declined modestly year-over-year despite the expected trialing related to a new competitive product. And we're on track to launch our next-generation XIENCE Xpedition in the second half of this year in Europe and in 2013 in the United States. Xpedition combines the impressive safety and efficacy of XIENCE and sets a new standard for deliverability. Also in our pipeline, we continue to expect to launch ABSORB, our bioresorbable vascular scaffold, in Europe by year end. To date, more than 1,000 patients have received ABSORB. In Endovascular, sales increased in the low single digits on an operational basis, including nearly 10% growth internationally. In structural heart, MitralClip, which is our product for the treatment of mitral regurgitation, continues to see strong demand outside of the U.S. with sales of $23 million this quarter. So as we look ahead to the third quarter in our global Vascular business, including the expected decline of royalty and supply arrangement revenues, as I mentioned earlier, as well as the negative impact of foreign exchange, we would expect reported sales to decline mid-single digits, including roughly 5% of negative foreign exchange impact. Finally, we continue to execute on our margin expansion programs, as Tom mentioned, in each of our major diversified medical products businesses with Nutrition, Diagnostics, Vascular and Diabetes Care seeing especially good improvement in the second quarter. As a result, the adjusted operating margin increased 170 basis points over 2011, as Tom mentioned. We expect continued steady margin expansion for our diversified medical products businesses over the course of this year and going forward into 2013 and beyond. So with that, let me turn it over to Larry, and he will review the Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business. Larry?
Larry Peepo: Thanks, John. Worldwide Proprietary Pharmaceuticals sales increased 9.3% on an operational basis, excluding the negative impact from foreign exchange. On a reported basis, global sales increased 4.9%, including growth of nearly 8% in the U.S. and reported growth of approximately 1% internationally, which as Tom mentioned, includes nearly 10 percentage points of negative exchange. In immunology, global HUMIRA sales increased 23% on an operational basis and more than 16% on a reported basis. Performance was driven by strong growth in the U.S. and internationally, consistent with the underlying trends we saw throughout the quarter. We're continuing our development efforts for HUMIRA, including the study of new indications. We recently received a positive opinion in the EU for the treatment of axial SpA, a condition associated with chronic back pain and stiffness that can also be accompanied by the presence of arthritis, inflammation in the eye or GI tract. Upon a final decision from the European Commission, HUMIRA will be the first and only medication for this chronic condition. And this approval will mark the eighth major indication for HUMIRA in the European Union. HUMIRA's utility across a growing number of diseases is one of the many attributes that set it apart from other competitive agents. HUMIRA currently holds the #1 global share position, and demand continues to outpace the global market, where we're seeing strong market growth both in the U.S. and internationally. We're well on track to achieve our sales growth outlook for HUMIRA in 2012. Moving onto AndroGel, where U.S. sales were approximately $275 million, up more than 26%. AndroGel holds a strong leadership position in the testosterone replacement market, where growth is being driven by increasing diagnosis and treatment of low testosterone. AndroGel 1.62, our new low-volume formulation, has quickly become a leading therapy in the category, now accounting for more than half of AndroGel total franchise sales. U.S. sales of CREON were $88 million, up more than 12%. CREON maintains market leadership in the pancreatic enzyme market, where we continue to capture the vast majority of new prescription starts. U.S. sales of Lupron were $140 million. Our 6-month formulation approved last year continues to perform well, driving share gains and further expanding our category leadership. U.S. sales of Synthroid were approximately $120 million in the quarter. Synthroid maintains strong brand loyalty and retains more than 20% market share despite the entry of generics into the market many years ago. Moving on to our more mature lipid franchise, where, as expected, global TriCor/TRILIPIX sales were $388 million, down 6.6%, and sales of Niaspan were $211 million, down 14.7%. As discussed last quarter, our lipid franchise has been impacted by softness in the overall branded cholesterol market, as well as continued impact from last year's ACCORD and AIM-HIGH study results. So as we look ahead to the third quarter in our global Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business, we expect low single-digit growth on an operational basis. We're forecasting a negative impact from foreign exchange of roughly 4.5%, which will lower reported growth in the quarter. Moving on to our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals pipeline, where we continue to make good progress. Starting with our renal care pipeline, where we have compounds in development for chronic kidney disease and acute kidney injury, bardoxolone is a promising treatment in Phase III development for CKD with our partner, Reata. Data to date have been unprecedented, showing treatment with bardoxolone produces significant and sustained improvement in kidney function. Enrollment in the Phase III study is ahead of schedule, reflecting the significant demand for new therapies. We expect results from this 2,000-patient global trial in 2013. Also in development for the treatment of kidney disease is atrasentan. Results from a Phase II dose-ranging trial showed atrasentan reduced protein in the urine, a symptom that is often predictive of renal function. A Phase IIb study in patients with diabetic kidney disease is currently underway, with results expected later this year. We recently acquired global rights to a novel investigational compound from Action Pharmaceuticals (sic) [Action Pharma] for the prevention of acute kidney injury or AKI. AKI is a prevalent complication in patients undergoing major cardiac and abdominal surgery. There are currently no pharmacologic treatments for AKI, which is known to be associated with increased short- and long-term mortality, as well as prolonged hospitalization and permanent decline in renal function. ABT-719, as we now know it, is currently in Phase IIb development with potential market entry in the 2015 time frame. Moving on to immunology, where we have a number of next-generation programs underway, all with the objective to raise the bar with differentiated efficacy and safety. This high bar is important, as we believe the success of new compounds will be based on their ability to offer incremental efficacy and safety benefits beyond what's currently available to physicians and patients today. Our programs span both small molecule and biologic targets. Our next-generation oral JAK-1 inhibitor, in development with partnership with Galapagos, is currently in Phase IIa development for RA with the potential to start Phase IIb next year. We believe this molecule, which preferentially targets the JAK1 pathway, differentiates it from other JAKs in development and may lead to a better overall profile. The early Phase II results presented at the EULAR meeting last month confirmed this compound's promising profile. BT-061 is our anti-CD4 biologic in development in partnership with Biotest. The compound is currently in Phase II clinical trials for RA and psoriasis. Our DVD-Ig platform holds promise in the treatment of RA as well as other conditions. This proprietary technology unites 2 antibodies in a single molecule with dual variable domains. Last year, we started a Phase I study of ABT-122, which pairs 2 established mechanisms, anti-TNF and IL-17, with the goal of elevating efficacy and improving the overall clinical profile in RA. Additionally, ABT-981, which pairs IL-1alpha and IL-1beta, is currently in Phase I for osteoarthritis. We are also evaluating a number of other oral candidates, including an internal JAK1 candidate, a SYK inhibitor, as well as next-generation antioxidant inflammation modulators, or AIMs, through our collaboration with Reata. Moving on to neuroscience, where we're developing compounds to address conditions such as Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's, schizophrenia, pain and MS. Daclizumab is a next-generation biologic for MS, currently in late-stage development with a partner company. Results from the Phase III study are expected in 2014. ABT-126 is our alpha7 NRR. It's currently in mid-stage development for Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia. Preclinical and clinical data from this mechanism indicates the potential for improvement in a number of cognitive areas associated with both conditions. We recently initiated Phase IIb studies in CDS and Alzheimer's disease. We're also developing an intestinal gel for the treatment of advanced Parkinson's disease. The gel, currently in advanced clinical development in the U.S. and marketed as Duodopa in Europe, consists of 2 compounds with proven efficacy in this disease. We expect to complete our U.S. registration submission this year. Moving on to oncology, where we're focused on developing targeted treatments that inhibit tumor growth and improve response to common cancer therapies. Elotuzumab is being developed with a partner company for the treatment of multiple myeloma, the second most common blood cancer. The Phase III study, which is evaluating elotuzumab and standard of care in both refractory and first-line multiple myeloma, is ongoing. We also have active PARP and Bcl2 inhibitor programs currently underway, as well as a number of other early-stage oncology compounds in development. Moving on to women's health, where we're studying elagolix for the treatment of uterine fibroids and endometriosis. The compound has a unique profile that provides symptom reduction while avoiding the significant bone loss or other adverse effects that can sometimes be associated with current treatments. The Phase IIb -- or Phase II clinical program for fibroids is ongoing and we recently initiated the Phase III study in endometriosis. And finally, turning to our HCV program, where we have a broad portfolio with compounds in development spanning 3 mechanisms of action, including protease, non-nucleoside polymerase and NS5A inhibitors. We presented Phase II data at the EASL meeting in April, demonstrating that Abbott's 12-week interferon-free regimen is capable of delivering 93% to 95% cure rates across all genotype-1 treatment-naive patient subtypes. Data showed that the regimen, which included just 2 of our 3 compounds in development, was well tolerated and most adverse events were mild in severity. We're building on these strong results with data from our large global Phase IIb Aviator trial, a 14-arm, 560-patient study that includes various combinations of all 3 compounds in our portfolio. We expect to present results from this study at the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases meeting this fall. We expect to start our Phase III program in 2013 with commercialization in 2015, putting us in a very competitive position. We have a high level of confidence that our HCV compounds in development will dramatically change the treatment landscape. So in summary, this quarter, Abbott delivered strong performance with ongoing EPS growth of nearly 10%, exceeding our guidance range, and a gross margin ratio of more than 63%, up 310 basis points from the prior year. We confirmed our outlook for 2012 ongoing earnings per share and remain focused on the process of separating Abbott into 2 leading healthcare companies, which is on track to be completed at the end of this year. With that, Tom, John and I will be glad to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan.
Michael N. Weinstein: Let me just ask one question, Tom. Just on the guidance, you kept your guidance unchanged. We've obviously seen companies this week that have trimmed their guidance for the year because of the currency moves. Is there a way to calculate what the FX move has meant to your bottom line? I know you guys are pretty well hedged, but any way to do that math for us to give a sense of what you're absorbing here?
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, Mike, as we talked about, clearly there was a significant top line impact across the businesses and we tried to provide some pretty good detail on that. And as we talked about in the past, and you alluded to it, the way we were structured around the world in terms of our manufacturing sites and kind of our cost centers and really the way we've organized ourselves, our read as we compare ourselves to others -- and it's hard to do because we don't know exactly what's going on in other companies -- because of that we're probably somewhat less exposed to currency movements. I would say that, certainly, it's not 0. We have had some effect this year. But the way we've looked at it and we've gone through the year is that things like this happen every year and we try our best to manage through it. When John talked about the plants in Nutrition that we're building around the world, I think it's indicative of the approach we've taken to some degree. Certainly, when we build those plants and get them closer to the customers, it makes a lot of sense from a logistics perspective and in terms of minimizing inventories and the like, when you're closer to the markets. But another benefit we see from that, and we really do factor it into our thinking as we look at the plant locations, is that there's a better match of currency between revenues and costs. And I think we've been pursuing that thinking for a number of years as we make our investments. And -- but I think that does help us be a little -- a little bit less exposed. So certainly, we've had some impact this year, but it's fallen into the range of the types of things that happen to the business every year, which is our job to manage. And because of some -- the margin performance you're seeing this quarter, some strength in the businesses, we're able to confirm our guidance for the 2012 year.
Michael N. Weinstein: With the Form 10 filed this quarter, let me just ask a couple of questions that I've gotten a lot the last several weeks. One of them is, as we look to 2013, so if we assume Jan 1, 2013, there's these 2 separate companies. How should we think about the earnings impact of the separation? I think when you guys talked last October, you were hoping to offset some of that naturally dilutive impact of having to create a separate infrastructure for AbbVie. Should we look at it as, okay, take the 2013 EPS estimate for consensus or your own estimate and then separate that between the 2 companies? Or should we assume that there's some dilution off the 2013 current Abbott number as we separate the 2 companies into separate entities?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes. I mean, certainly, it's too early to talk about 2013 right now. As we get into the fall and we pursue the road shows that we talked about for the 2 separate companies, it'll be a much more appropriate time. And really, once we get through a bit more of the year, get through some of our planning processes, fully assess what's happening in the environment as we move into next year, that's the time when it's best to talk about our outlook for 2013. So it's a little early now. To your question, I mean it is -- and we've talked about this, that it is clear that we need to set up headquarters functions for AbbVie. We need to incur -- AbbVie will be incurring public company costs such as the audit fees associated with being a public company, those types of things, and their guidance will factor that in. It's interesting: I have seen analysts modeling that from other transactions they've seen and certainly there will be some impact. As you mentioned, we did establish a longer-term goal to offset those types of costs to the extent we can and we're working on that as we speak, and we'll be able to talk more about that in the fall.
Michael N. Weinstein: Okay. Maybe one last question then. There obviously is a lot of questions about dividend and how you're going to allocate that between the 2 entities. I don't expect you to give the answer today, but maybe you could help, because when people saw the Form 10, they saw that the tax rate for AbbVie in the Form 10 and that got to a whole discussion of U.S. free cash flow versus o U.S. free cash flow and the ability of AbbVie to support a significant dividend despite what looks like a significant portion of its cash flow coming outside of the U.S. Can you just talk to that and just talk about AbbVie's ability to support a significant dividend, given what looks like the vast majority of its profits are coming o U.S.?
Thomas C. Freyman: I mean, I think the key is -- and when you look at the Form 10 and as we look at our forecast for AbbVie, and everyone's known this for quite some time, I mean, there's very significant cash flow in that company. And we recognize and as we think through, and ultimately, the AbbVie board will determine the amount of dividend. But it's pretty clear, as current board and management team thinks through this, that this type of business should have a substantial dividend. When we talk about the total Abbott dividend being at least equal to the existing -- between the 2 companies, I should say, be at least equal to the Abbott dividend at the time of separation, it's very likely that the larger portion of that will be coming from AbbVie. And they will definitely have the cash flow to support a competitive dividend going forward. That's another item that we'll be going through in detail, exactly how that'll work, in the fall when we talk about 2013 for both companies.
Operator: Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David R. Lewis: Tom, I wanted to come back to Nutritionals. I mean, it still remains probably one of the bigger drivers of the Abbott margin story heading into next year and beyond. So I know you've done some of this publicly, but could you maybe quantify the CapEx and derivative spends sort of required to get to those Nutritionals margins by 2015? And I wonder, you keep talking about 2015. Do you see 2015 as the peak margin? Or do we talk about 2015 because that's really the inflection year for margins?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, to -- and I'll answer the last part of your question first. I mean, we're never satisfied, so it was a convenient point in time where a lot of the initiatives we now have underway will have been fully implemented, and certainly gets us back into the range of the levels that we think this business should have at a bare minimum. But you can never rest, and certainly, there'll be a lot more thinking over the next 2 or 3 years to continue that type of improvement as we go beyond 2015. I think the best example of that is our own Diagnostics initiative here, where we have accomplished tremendous things in the first 3, 4 years of that division's margin expansion improvement program. And as I look at this quarter's margin in Diagnostics and I think of where we were 4 years ago, and as I talk to that team and listen to their plans as we move forward, the more you work on these things, the more opportunity you find. And I think that's the type of model we're going to continue to apply across all of our businesses. To your question on capital, to me the most encouraging thing about the capital investments we're making in Nutrition is that it's really driven by demand. And we're building plants in Asia to support rapidly growing markets and developing markets. That's a very good thing. And the U.S. plant we announced a couple months ago, that's driven by a great opportunity we have in the U.S. in the liquids area. And so that's the kind of capital we like to invest. It has high returns and will certainly be a positive for the sustainable cash flow, both in the Nutrition business and the new Abbott in the future. There is some moderate levels, or I would even say modest levels of capital that we would be investing in some of our existing plants to improve our efficiency. But again, those will be the types of things that would have good financial returns, rapid paybacks and would be well spent on behalf of shareholders. So I think all of the news in Nutrition is good and we want to keep building on the success we've had so far.
David R. Lewis: Okay. And then maybe Larry, just thinking about HUMIRA, I think most investors would have been surprised to see HUMIRA accelerate yet again here in the second quarter, but that, based on our math, seems to be what you've done. So if you think about maybe price being less of a tailwind in the second quarter, it sort of implies that HUMIRA is either seeing greater share gains than we would have expected or just better general market growth for anti-TNFs. Could you just help us understand what you think are the primary drivers of that sort of re-acceleration, if pricing got a little softer incrementally?
Larry Peepo: Sure. Well, if you look at the underlying trends, you will see very strong growth for HUMIRA. And so as I said in my remarks, the fundamentals continue to support this level of growth. There is a little bit of price, as you mentioned, in there. But I think the key points for us really are in a couple of these larger portions of the market, including dermatology, which continues now to grow double digits. We've actually seen a nice acceleration in that derm market over the last year or so. Some of that is just our own commercial effort and execution. Some of that is awareness of the products in the marketplace via advertising, et cetera. So I think that's become a pretty big component of our growth, and we're gaining share there, displacing the former product that was at the top. We are now #1 here in the U.S. in dermatology. In the gastro space, we continue to see very strong double-digit growth there as well, with HUMIRA gaining share and growing faster than that market. Again, awareness of the disease and really just the overall strength of HUMIRA in gastro as well as dermatology, really. The results from the studies in both of those disease states position HUMIRA quite well relative to the competition. I'd say rheumatology is growing well, mid-single digits. Obviously, it's a more mature market, but we see good share strength there for us as well with our growth outpacing the marketplace. So I think it's really the 3 major components of that overall market, Abbott's overall execution, the product strength, and I think it really points to the durability of that product longer term.
David R. Lewis: Okay, just one more quickly, maybe for John. John, you mentioned some comments about Vascular and where you think that franchise can be by the fourth quarter. I just wonder, do you think the U.S. Vascular business can begin getting better in the third quarter? Or is that something we really should be thinking closer to the fourth?
John B. Thomas: No, we -- the fourth quarter was a comment about Diabetes Care, specifically. It'll definitely be getting modestly better as we go into the back half of the year. And I think the main point there is what I talked about in terms of this being a royalty transition year with Promus revenues coming out of the mix, so the non-commercial piece of it had an impact, as well as FX. And the trends are actually pretty good. So if you look at what's happening there and even with the competitive launch of the product that I mentioned coming into the market, XIENCE, alone, was only down about 2%. And the latest share data that we've gotten in the last couple of days indicates that from May to June, we've actually picked up a couple of share points in the U.S. as well. And as you know, worldwide, we continue to do very well with that product and the growth, in particular in the emerging markets, has been outstanding. We also have a number of new products launching. XIENCE PRIME in Japan just recently and then Xpedition will be coming with better deliverability in -- later in the year in the fourth quarter, to your point, and helping that business to improve. And meanwhile, on the bottom line, the business is holding up quite well and doing well in terms of expanding margins.
Operator: Our next question is from Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin: Just have a few questions. Tom, what was the impact of foreign exchange on the 300-basis-point improvement in gross margins? I don't recall foreign exchange being called out so much before, and I just want to understand that.
Thomas C. Freyman: Right. Similar to the first quarter, it was roughly half of the improvement. I don't know -- those of you that follow us for a long time have seen quarters where exchange is a negative. And throughout the first half of the year, it's been about half of our margin improvement. The rest has been executing on the gross margin improvement initiatives we've talked about in detail.
Jami Rubin: So you would expect, then, gross margins to further improve if currency has gotten worse, correct?
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, our guidance has factored in current exchange rates. That's typically what we do. We don't try to forecast changes. But I think if rates were to hold at this level, you'd see gross margins of the -- in line with our guidance that we've provided. To your point, though, if the euro did weaken quite a bit, yes, you'd probably see a little bit more favorable gross margin, but I'd personally rather have the sales stability and deliver gross margin improvement through our own initiatives.
Jami Rubin: And just if you could comment on what you're seeing in terms of European austerity measures. I mean, looking at your numbers, it would appear that the currency has been obviously the biggest headwind to international sales. But is there any way that you could quantify what you're seeing in terms of pricing dynamics, tendering? J&J certainly called that out yesterday on their conference call. And if you're seeing any changes in terms of collectibles in some of the markets or receivables? And just my last question and it, I think, refers to an earlier question that was asked. If we look at -- and again, related to the cost of separating the 2 companies, if I look across S&P 500 and other precedent separations that have occurred, it seems that the sort of typical costs that we see regarding additional corporate costs is around 2% of net sales. Is that a fair assumption to make for Abbott? Or is -- are there differences that we should take into consideration? I understand you're not going to give that guidance, but as we're starting to think about this, is 2% of sales fair?
Thomas C. Freyman: That's a lot of questions. I think I'll start on the receivables situation. We saw during the quarter a significant improvement in Southern Europe. Between the -- these governments are taking their situation seriously. They've implemented austerity measures. And in a couple markets, in particular, we saw really, really strong payments in the quarter. And so I think we feel very good about our business in Southern Europe and our ability to sustain that. In terms of Europe generally, maybe -- I guess it's the mix of our business. While certainly it's not a big growth driver right now and in certain pockets, in particular our Diabetes Care business, we have felt a little bit of pressure from austerity, when you look overall at Abbott it's been a fairly modest impact. I think part of that is due to the quality of our products and the differentiation in the market and just basically the fundamental demand for them. As we said, a couple years ago we had a little more price than we'd typically have, but that is largely normalized this year on the pharmaceuticals side of the business, so I'd say that Europe, from a demand perspective, is a relatively modest matter for us at the current time. Just on your question on headquarters costs, again, we'll talk about the modeling of these 2 companies in the fall, and I just don't think it would be productive to talk about what other companies have done in this area at this time.
Jami Rubin: And just -- I'm sorry, I just -- one last question. Does your tax rate guidance assume the R&D tax credit by the end of this year?
Thomas C. Freyman: No, the -- as you know, the credit is not operative this year, so our guidance does not assume that.
Operator: Our next question is from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn J. Novarro: Two questions. On the pharmaceutical guidance, does that assume that -- particularly the third quarter guidance that you gave, does that assume TriCor faces a generic competition? And if it does and there is no generics, we've calculated that the impact would be favorable up to $0.05, so I don't know if that's in the ballpark. But would you let that fall to the bottom line? Or would that be reinvested? And then I had a follow-up on stents.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes. Just to talk about TriCor, I mean, as John and Larry talked about, clearly the lipid space is very soft right now. The branded products are down around 20 -- 29%, 30% year-to-date. And for us -- and we've identified these as mature franchises and we are definitely planning for generic competition in these areas. And our guidance for the third quarter does assume generic competition because, as you know, there are competitors that have a right to launch at any time. I've heard people talk about delays. All I would say on that, and you've kind of touched on it, Glenn, if there was a delay, that's certainly something we can't count on and it is not something that's really meaningful -- would be meaningful beyond 2012 if it were to happen. We need to plan for these products to basically be generic and we've talked about that in the fall. So that's our planning assumption going forward. And to your point, if something was delayed, we would very likely reinvest that back in the business because it really wouldn't be a sustainable benefit.
Glenn J. Novarro: Okay, and then just on the U.S. stent business, the competitor that you referenced, it's the Medtronic stent Resolute. Do you know whether or not we are now through the trialing period? It seems like maybe it is, because, John, you referenced that you've recently picked up share gains, so I'm wondering if the trialing period's ending there and now XIENCE is back in the position to recapture share. And then do you have any market dynamics, particularly in the U.S., that you can share with us with respect to stent pricing, DES penetration and PCI volume?
John B. Thomas: Sure, yes. So to your first point, yes, it's hard to say that the trialing is over. It's still relatively new, but it is encouraging in terms of the recent trends that we've seen with the 2 major market share data services that we use. We have picked up, in June, 2 to 3 share points depending on which service you use. So that competitive product has picked up about 10 share points. And we -- with the different products that we have launching and Xpedition coming and so forth, there are a number of things there that we're encouraged about. We're also -- we have picked up a couple of major share account wins recently and we have a number of plans in place with the team to compete against that. And obviously, with our depth of data and the deliverability and the overall profile of XIENCE, we have clearly the best-in-class product here. So we still hold the market leadership position in the U.S. We do expect to regain share, particularly as we go into the fourth quarter. As we look at the market dynamics overall, price has been -- it's encouraging. The trend has been more low single-digit decline. So it continues to moderate on a sequential basis. So it's about the third quarter in a row of mid-single-digit-type year-over-year declines, but moderating sequentially to low single digits on price. So that's been encouraging. Clearly, outside of the U.S., where -- it's a different situation. PCI volume definitely impacted the overall market. It was down about 5% in the U.S. So despite that and the competitive entry that you mentioned, XIENCE, as I said before, was only down about 2% in the U.S. So that dynamic we expect hopefully to improve as we go into the back half of the year. And DES penetration has been running around 79% recently.
Glenn J. Novarro: And just one follow-up. The competitor launch, which took 10 points, is that continuing to move higher? Or has that kind of stabilized, based on the...
John B. Thomas: It's stabilized and trending slightly downward.
Operator: And our next question is from Rajeev Jashnani from UBS.
Rajeev Jashnani: My question was on the Vascular business. I'm just wondering, maybe you could talk about the margins for that business. The margins are up this year despite the royalties going down. And maybe you could talk about what the outlook for that and continued margin expansion there is, especially given that, I guess, a significant portion of that is coming from emerging markets now and which I had thought might have been at a lower margin, but maybe you could touch on that as well.
Thomas C. Freyman: Sure. The Vascular team has done a tremendous job in terms of operating more efficiently, particularly in the manufacturing area, and that's really helped blunt the impact of the Promus royalties on the margin ratio and the operating margin, but that's really what the story is about. The emerging market pricing is actually quite -- in a number of these markets is actually quite reasonable. There tend to be multi-tier markets, where some of the branded products you see in the developed world are -- there's a readiness to pay a premium. And so the pricing actually is quite good in these markets and is really not a negative drag on the operating margin of the business. I will say for Vascular, it's got a good operating margin. That team is looking to certainly continue to improve. But relative to some of our other businesses, it's in a reasonable range and I think you would see relatively modest incremental improvements from here as opposed to step changes.
Rajeev Jashnani: That's helpful. And if I could ask one follow-up on the EPD business. It looks like there was a pretty nice improvement there from the second quarter to the first quarter. Maybe if you could talk about austerity measures, specifically on that business, whether you've contemplated that, whether you could envision that getting any worse. And maybe just touch on what drove the improvement from the second quarter from the first quarter.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, I think you've captured it properly, that when we look at the EPD performance, it's very good progress in line with what we've been talking about. The growth rate is marching up towards that mid-single range, which is what we'd been expecting for this year and what we expect in the second half. And to remind everyone, this is a business that when you weight out all the markets, we're targeting mid-to-upper growth sustainably here and I think the progress you saw this quarter gives us a good feeling that, that's achievable. And hopefully, as we progress through the year, you'll -- we'll continue to build your confidence in that business with the sales growth in the third and fourth quarters. I think the bigger -- the most important aspect of this business obviously is the emerging markets piece, where demand continues to be strong. And I think what we're starting to see is the execution starting to play out. I mean, this team has really only been in place effectively 1.5 years or so. They're gelling quite nicely. Their strategic plans are beginning to be implemented. And I think we're just starting to see better execution in the field as we get the right people in place and deliver on the strategic plans. And over time, the developed markets will be a smaller part of this business and I think it'll -- as the emerging markets grows and I think that'll provide a nice growth boost as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Holford from Jefferies.
Jeffrey Holford: I've got 3. The first is on the gross margin. Just on the actual operational efficiency gains for that, can you just give us a bit more color on what divisions or products that's coming from?
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, as we mentioned in our remarks, the 3 big improvements in the quarter, and you'll see this in the 10-Q when it comes out in the segment footnotes, was Diagnostics, where we're now above 20%. Not many people would've thought that a few years ago. Nutrition, we saw about a 150-basis-point improvement over the prior year. There are some seasonality effects in that business, but we expect again a very -- a nice improvement for the full year in that business. And the Vascular business, we saw over 200 basis points of improvement in the quarter, again from the types of things I talked about on the last question. So those were the 3 big movers for the efficiency gains. And even though it's a smaller business, not to minimize it, our Diabetes Care business, which is a $1-billion business, is also showing very nice margin improvement and John mentioned that in his remarks as well.
Jeffrey Holford: Then I was hoping you can comment on what level of buybacks were made during the quarter, because maybe there were some share options exercised as well. And just related to that also, and if the group is doing it now in its capital allocation process, which parts, post-separation, are more likely to do buybacks?
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, we did around $600 million in buybacks in the second quarter. That brings the year-to-date number to about $1.6 billion, so we have been active there. And similar to my other responses, and I know we are getting close, as we get into the fall here, we'll be able to provide a lot more color on the companies. But certainly, as each talks about the intended uses of their cash flows, whether it's dividend, share buybacks or investments in the business, the teams will cover those issues or those opportunities when we get into the fall.
Jeffrey Holford: And then just the last question is, obviously, you've got some exciting data coming in up in hep C in November. During any of those studies or separate to those studies, have you started doing any co-formulation work with any of the actives? And I don't suspect that you have yet, but when will you start to look at co-formulation of some of those actives?
Larry Peepo: You can assume that we have done a fair amount of work already in co-formulation...
John B. Thomas: With our own products you're talking about.
Larry Peepo: Right, yes, with the 3 products that we have in our development portfolio. You can assume that's underway.
Operator: And our final question today is from Tony Butler from Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler: If I may go back to Vascular just a minute, I'm very respectful of the comments you made around PCI volume for Q2. But if I look back to the Q1 call, you did forecast for Q2, despite FX and the royalty agreements, that you would have high single digits. So I'm curious if, in fact, Resolute coming to market had a greater short-term impact, if you will, than you might have expected. And I have one follow-up.
John B. Thomas: Okay, Tony, this is John. Yes, I think it's fair to say it had a little bit more impact than we probably originally had forecasted. Also, PCI volume being down 5% was a factor as well. But like I said, the trend here recently is upward and the share count has -- or the share gains over the last month, from May to June, look promising. There's also a number of initiatives that we're doing. And as I said before, in the response to another question, we have recently won a couple of big accounts and that will factor in as we go through the rest of year. The team is obviously very focused, and execution will be important. And we have every confidence that, that team will take the challenge and they are already seeing the results of that in the latest data. And in general, I think there's a number of -- there's a cadence of products launching here that are pretty unique in terms of the timing and the overall attributes across all the segments of the Vascular business, so in DES and Endovascular and our other carotid area and so forth, we have a number of balloons, guidewires, new catheters, Xpedition launching. So generally, we're very encouraged. The U.S. is improving. x U.S., we continue to do well and I mentioned double-digit growth in the emerging markets in my commentary. So overall, it's a pretty good story and the bottom line impact on the businesses is what we've been talking about a lot, and that obviously has been very good. And Tom mentioned that 200-basis-point improvement, so we're working on it.
Charles Anthony Butler: And then finally, the direct distribution model for which Nutritionals is switching, could you perhaps provide a timeline when you believe that will be fully implemented? And then lastly, if you are to split apart on January 1, if we assume that, do you actually host a Q4 call in January on the consolidated business?
Thomas C. Freyman: What was your first question, Tony?
Charles Anthony Butler: Yes, it was really on the direct distribution model in Nutritionals. When do you fully believe that will be implemented?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, the key thing there is this is a selective program. It's only certain markets. It's not -- we're already direct in a number of markets and in certain markets it makes sense for us to continue to work through distributors, so it's only selected markets. The vast majority of that should play through this year. There's probably a modest amount in 2013 and we had a fair amount of it in the second quarter here. So I think it's really important to just keep in mind that this is a -- only select markets and the majority will play through this year.
John B. Thomas: And you mentioned the Q4 call...
Charles Anthony Butler: On the Q4 call.
Thomas C. Freyman: That is a good question and it's a unique situation for us as well, and we'll be talking that through with the management team. Obviously, if this timing plays out the way I outlined on the call, it will be kind of a unique period of time when the report will be on the total company. But clearly, investors will be focused on the future 2013 and it'll clearly be necessary for both management teams to be talking about that. So the exact way we structure it has not been determined, but we are talking about that and we should have some answers for you in the coming months.
John B. Thomas: Yes. And lastly, Tony, I'd say -- just I wanted to mention this and I forgot to, on your question about Vascular. Just remember that when you exclude the Promus royalty transition, which is this year and obviously will improve going forward into 2013, if you exclude that situation and FX, the underlying business there grew in the mid-single digits globally. And so I think we're pretty pleased with that overall. Actually, let me just remind everybody of the replay, sorry about that. The replay of the call will be available after 11 Central Time today on our website at abbottinvestor.com, and after 11 Central via telephone at (402) 220-9697. The confirmation code is 3458. The audio replay will be available until 4 Central on Wednesday, August 1. Again, thanks, everybody, for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs.
John B. Thomas: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations. Tom will review the details of our financial results for the quarter, as well as our outlook for the year. Larry and I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, we'll take any questions you may have, as always. Some statements made today may be forward-looking, including the planned separation of the research-based pharmaceutical company from the diversified medical products company and the expected financial results of the 2 companies after the separation. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1a Risk Factors to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas C. Freyman: Thanks, John. As you can see from our earnings news release this morning, we had a very strong first quarter, delivering double-digit ongoing earnings per share growth and beating our original forecast. We're very pleased with our start to the year and our outlook for the remainder of 2012. As a result, today, we are raising our ongoing EPS guidance range for the full year 2012 by $0.05 on both the bottom and the top of the range, reflecting another year of top-tier performance. For the first quarter, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share of $1.03, an increase of 13.2% over the prior year. Sales increased 5.9% on an operational basis, that is excluding an unfavorable 1.3% impact from exchange rates, which was driven by strong performance across a number of our products and businesses. Reported sales increased 4.6%. In emerging markets, broadly defined, sales increased more than 10%, excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange, with double-digit growth in key emerging markets across the businesses. We also saw meaningful improvement in the adjusted gross margin ratio, up 260 basis points from the prior year to more than 61% as a result of the many margin-improvement initiatives we're implementing company-wide. In the quarter, we drove better margin performance across our major businesses, including Proprietary Pharmaceuticals, Vascular, Nutritionals and Diagnostics. We delivered more than 13% ongoing EPS growth and a 150 basis point improvement in our adjusted operating margin while continuing to invest in the businesses. Ongoing R&D investment was 10% of sales, reflecting continued progress across our new product programs. We also accelerated SG&A investment behind many of our key products and businesses to drive future growth. In the non-operating section of the P&L in the quarter, the net foreign exchange (gain) loss line was unfavorable $58 million compared to 2011. Other income in the quarter included a $60 million favorable resolution on a contractual agreement. These 2 items, therefore, offset the quarter with neutral effect. Turning to our outlook for the full year 2012, we're raising both our ongoing earnings per share guidance range $0.05 on both ends of the range to $5 to $5.10. With our planned separation on track for completion by the end of the year, the guidance we've provided continues to reflect a full year outlook for the company in total. Regarding sales growth for 2012, we continue to forecast operational growth in the mid-single digits. Based on current exchange rates, we continue to expect a negative impact of exchange on sales of approximately 2.5% for the full year. As a result, reported sales growth is expected to be in the low single digits, in line with the forecast we've provided in January. Also for 2012, we're forecasting continued improvement in our adjusted gross margin ratio, which we continue to expect to approach 62% for the full year. This reflects efficiency initiatives and favorable mix, partially offset by the expected decline in U.S. lipid sales and promised royalties. We're forecasting continuing investments to drive growth in 2012 and beyond, with full year R&D of 9.5% to 10% of sales and ongoing SG&A somewhat under 28% of sales. Overall, we continue to expect to expand our operating margin by around 100 basis points in 2012. We're forecasting ongoing net interest expense of approximately $425 million, and we continue to expect an ongoing tax rate of 14.5% to 15% for the full year 2012. Turning to the outlook for the second quarter. We're forecasting ongoing earnings per share of $1.20 to $1.22. We forecast specified items of $0.07 in the second quarter, primarily reflecting costs of previous restructuring and integration actions. This forecast excludes future one-time costs related to the separation. Our operational sales growth in the second quarter, that is growth before exchange, is expected to be in the mid-single digits. At current exchange rates, we expect a roughly 3.5% negative impact from exchange in the second quarter, resulted in -- resulting in reported sales growth in the low-single digits. We're forecasting an adjusted gross margin ratio of approximately 62% in the second quarter, an increase from the second quarter of 2011. As mentioned, we remain on track with our plans to separate Abbott into 2 leading health care companies, one in diversified medical products and the other in research-based pharmaceuticals. We believe this separation will provide 2 unique and compelling investment opportunities for shareholders. Our transition organization has been fully engaged in this separation since our announcement last October. This is the same organization that executed the separation of our hospital products business and successfully integrated our key acquisitions. We're currently working through the many details of separating the 2 organizations. There's a significant amount of work to do, but the process is going well and is proceeding according to plan. Last month, we announced that the new research-based pharmaceutical company will be called AbbVie. The AbbVie name connects the new company to Abbott and its heritage of pioneering science, and the "Vie," which suggest the Latin root for life, calls attention to the vital work the company does. During the second quarter, we expect to file the initial Form 10 with the SEC for AbbVie. The Form 10 will provide historical results for AbbVie on a GAAP basis for the past 3 years and for the first quarter of 2012. These historical results will include an allocation of certain costs previously held at the corporate level to the business. Amendments are typically made to the Form 10 disclosures after the initial filing as more information becomes available for disclosure, including future quarterly results. We'd expect amendments to our filing as well until it's declared effective, which is expected to occur later in the year. The historical balance sheet is not expected to include an allocation of debt to AbbVie such as debt -- as such debt was incurred for the total Abbott operations and was not associated with specific AbbVie entities. The final or effective Form 10 will, however, include pro forma adjustments to reflect the impact of debt levels, cash balances and interest expense for AbbVie as an independent company. The Form 10 is one element in our communications plans for AbbVie and for Abbott post the separation. We will also have comprehensive industrial relations efforts throughout the year to provide investors with information on the 2 companies as we progress towards the separation. So in summary, we're off to a great start in 2012, beating expectations for the first quarter and raising our outlook for the full year. This outlook again reflects strong and top-tier performance as we execute the steps necessary to separate Abbott into 2 leading health care companies by the end of the year. With that, let's turn to the business operating highlights. John?
John B. Thomas: Thanks, Tom. I'll start with the diversified medical products businesses, and then Larry will discuss the Proprietary Pharmaceutical business. Sales for our diversified medical products businesses increased mid-single digits in the first quarter, excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange. We also continued to expand operating margins on the quarter across our diversified medical products businesses including Nutrition, Diagnostics, Vascular and Diabetes Care. Let's start with Nutrition, where global sales in the quarter increased more than 10%, driven by strong growth in both the U.S., as well as international. In the U.S., sales increased 11% as we continue to maintain our strong market positions in both the Adult and Pediatric Nutritional segments. U.S. Pediatric Nutrition sales increased more than 15%. We continued to gain share and maintain our strong leadership position in the U.S. infant formula market with Similac. We expect continued strong growth of this brand throughout the year as we launch new products to support Similac in the prenatal segment of the market. Our toddler brand, PediaSure, continues to grow at a double-digit pace. U.S. Adult Nutritional sales increased more than 7%, driven by double-digit growth of both Ensure and Glucerna. We expect Ensure and Glucerna collectively to generate roughly $2 billion in full year sales this year, globally. Earlier this week, we initiated construction at a new liquid manufacturing facility in Ohio that will primarily support the growth of our U.S. Adult business. Abbott is the worldwide leader in adult nutrition. And as the baby boomer demographic ages, we expect continuing market expansion of the Adult Nutritional segment. Outside of the U.S., sales increased approximately 10% on an operational basis in Nutritionals, including the negative impact of foreign exchange, reported sales increased more than 9%. This growth was driven by 13% growth in Pediatric Nutritionals, with double-digit growth in Infant Nutritionals, as well as PediaSure. In the first quarter, we initiated more than 10 new product or geographic launches, each of which is helping to drive market share gains. Emerging market sales comprised more than 40% of our total nutritional sales, and they increased double-digits this quarter. In addition to driving sales growth, the key priority for our Nutrition business is the expansion of operating margins. We've implemented an improvement plan to expand our Nutrition margin from the low teens that we saw last year in 2011 to our target of more than 20% by 2015. We have numerous efforts across the business, with 4 main drivers of margin improvement. Those are: product costs, where we're reducing packaging cost, ingredient costs and material costs; manufacturing, where we're building plants closer to our customers, particularly in fast-growing emerging markets; distribution, where we're going direct to customers in key geographies; and customer mix, where we're improving both our product and geographic mix to focus on more profitable segments. We're implementing the majority of these improvement initiatives here in 2012, which are expected to drive significant Nutritionals operating margin expansion in 2013 and beyond. As we look ahead to the second quarter in our global Nutritionals business, we expect high single-digit growth on an operational basis, and mid to high single-digit growth on a reported basis. In the U.S., this includes high-single growth; and internationally, this includes high single-digit growth on an operational basis and mid single-digit growth on a reported basis. Let's move on to our Established Pharmaceuticals business, or EPD, which includes international sales of our branded generics portfolio. Sales in the quarter increased 2% on an operational basis. Including a 3.5% negative impact of foreign exchange, reported sales declined low-single digits. Emerging markets now represent nearly 60% of total EPD sales, where many of the pharmaceutical markets are growing at a strong double-digit pace. We're growing faster in these markets as we continue to expand our presence and launch new brands, packaging enhancements and new formulations. In the first quarter, EPD's operational sales in key emerging markets such as India, Brazil, Russia and China increased collectively 17%. Our large and growing portfolio of more than 500 Established Pharmaceuticals consists of trusted, well-known brands that have broad use throughout the world. Over the next several years, we expect to bring the benefits of these medicines to much broader patient populations through registrations across multiple geographies, as well as launches of improved formulations to enhance efficacy and improved convenience. So looking ahead to the second quarter in EPD, we expect low single-digit sales growth on an operational basis and a low single-digit decline on a reported basis, which includes, for this division, an expected negative impact of foreign exchange of more than 6% in the second quarter. In our global Diabetes Care business, worldwide reported sales declined 2.4%. U.S. sales increased more than 7% as we continue to execute on our strategy to drive share gains among the insulin-using patient population. We also recently launched InsuLinx in the U.S., which is our new blood glucose meter specifically for this segment. InsuLinx has a touch screen interface and several personalization features designed to improve the diabetes management experience for patients. International sales in our Diabetes Care business declined 7% on an operational basis. Including the negative impact of exchange, reported sales declined 8.7%, due in part to certain reimbursement changes in Europe, as well as overall market softness. The negative impact in Europe was partially offset by stronger growth in emerging markets. So looking ahead to the second quarter in Diabetes Care, we expect low to mid single-digit sales growth on an operational basis and low single-digit reported sales growth. In our Core Laboratory Diagnostics, which includes immunoassay, hematology and blood screening, global sales in the quarter increased more than 6% on an operational basis. Reported sales increased 5%. In the U.S., sales increased nearly 13%. This strong growth was driven by continued uptake of our PRISM blood screening system and good momentum that began in the latter part of last year with several key account wins and continued strong commercial execution. Outside of the U.S., operational sales increased 5%, and reported sales increased 3%. We delivered strong growth in emerging markets, with sales in China, Brazil and Russia collectively increasing 25%. In each of these markets, we continue to expand our presence with numerous new account wins internationally, including the largest private laboratory in Latin America. In Point of Care Diagnostics, worldwide operational sales this quarter increased more than 19%. And in Molecular Diagnostics, worldwide operational sales increased nearly 8%. Reported Molecular sales increased 6%. Looking ahead to the second quarter in our global Diagnostics business, we expect mid to high single-digit growth on an operational basis and mid single-digit reported sales growth. So moving on to medical devices and our Vision Care business, where global sales this quarter increased low single digits. This was primarily driven by mid single-digit growth in cataract, our largest, most profitable and fastest-growing segment within Vision Care. We also saw a continued, strong double-digit growth in emerging markets such as India and China. Looking ahead to the second quarter in our Vision Care business, we expect low single-digit sales growth on an operational and reported basis. In our Vascular business, excluding certain royalty and supply arrangement revenues, worldwide Vascular sales increased nearly 4%, and U.S. Vascular sales increased 8%. As expected, reported sales decreased 5% this quarter as a result of a more than 50% decline in royalty and supply arrangement revenues, including PROMUS. As a reminder, the third-party distributor for PROMUS is transitioning away from this product as we approach the end of our distribution agreement this year. Our Vascular business also delivered strong growth in key emerging markets such as China, India and Brazil, which all increased at strong double-digit growth rates. Sales of our XIENCE drug-eluting stent franchise this quarter were a record $404 million, representing global growth of nearly 7%. Abbott holds the clear global leadership position as the world's #1 drug-eluting stent company. U.S. XIENCE sales increased more than 19% this quarter, driven by the recent U.S. launches of XIENCE nano and XIENCE PRIME, as well as share gains from key account wins in the U.S. as we further penetrate competitor accounts and broaden our overall footprint. More than 60% of our drug-eluting stents sales occur outside the United States. In Japan, which is our second largest geographic segment, we hold market share of more than 40%. We recently received approval for XIENCE PRIME in Japan and now have the exclusive position in the long-length Everolimus Eluting stent segment. Also contributing to Vascular sales growth this quarter was endovascular sales, which increased nearly 5%. In the past year, we've launched 7 new endovascular products, including, most recently, U.S. approval for Absolute Pro, our new self-expanding stent for peripheral artery disease. In our Vascular pipeline, we recently presented 2-year data on our ABSORB Bioresorbable Vascular Scaffold, or BVS, which demonstrated impressive efficacy and safety results for the treatment of coronary artery disease. We also have 2 clinical trials underway, studying BVS for peripheral disease. We continue to expect a full commercial launch of ABSORB in Europe by year end, and plan to initiate our U.S. clinical trial later this year. MitraClip, which is our product for the treatment of mitral regurgitation, continues to see strong demand outside of the United States, with sales of $25 million this quarter. So as we look ahead to the second quarter on our global Vascular business, excluding the negative impact of foreign exchange as well as certain royalty and supply arrangement revenues, we expect sales of our underlying business to grow in the high single digits.  Including the expected decline of royalty and supply arrangement revenues, as well as the negative impact of foreign exchange, we expect reported sales to decline low single digits in the second quarter. As a reminder, the PROMUS transition will be completed by the end of the year, positioning our Vascular business in 2013 for stronger reported sales growth. Finally, as Tom mentioned, the adjusted operating margin in the first quarter for the total company increased approximately 150 basis points over 2011. Nutrition, Diagnostics, Vascular and Diabetes Care contributed to this expansion, with most of the diversified medical products businesses each delivering at least 100 basis points or more margin expansion in their businesses. In Nutrition, as I mentioned, we expect to expand the operating margin from the low teens today to more than 20%. This quarter, we saw a good progress towards that goal. In Diagnostics, in addition to strong sales growth, we continue to expand our operating margins following a record year of profitability in 2011. As a reminder, this business has had a high single-digit operating margin just a few years ago. This quarter, we delivered an operating margin in the high teens. We're applying many of our key learnings from the work we've done to improve profitability in our Diagnostic business to our efforts to improve profitability in our Diabetes Care business, where we continue to see good improvement on the bottom line. And in Vascular, despite the decline in PROMUS revenues, which were expected, we delivered operating margin in the high 20s in the quarter. We expect continued steady margin expansion for our diversified medical products businesses over the course of the year and going into 2013 and beyond. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Larry to cover our Proprietary Pharmaceutical business. Larry?
Larry Peepo: Thanks, John. Worldwide Proprietary Pharmaceutical sales increased more than 8% before the negative impact of exchange. On a reported basis, sales increased 7%, including growth of 6.6% in the U.S. and nearly 8% internationally. In immunology, global sales of HUMIRA increased more than 19% before the negative impact of exchange. Performance was driven by international sales growth of 17.4% before exchange and U.S. sales growth of 22.7%, consistent with the underlying trends we saw throughout the quarter. HUMIRA continues to hold the #1 global share position. We continue to see strong market growth both in the U.S. and internationally, with HUMIRA demand outpacing the market. We're continuing our development efforts for HUMIRA, including the study of new indications. We recently received approval from the European Commission for the treatment of ulcerative colitis, making HUMIRA the first and only self-injectable biologic therapy for this disease. The approval also marks the seventh major indication for HUMIRA in the European Union. We also have a number of other indications currently in late-stage development, many of which are unique to HUMIRA. HUMIRA's utility across a growing number of diseases is one of the many attributes that set it apart from other agents. HUMIRA is off to a strong start this year, well on track to achieve our sales growth outlook for the product in 2012. Moving on to AndroGel where U.S. sales were approximately $230 million, up more than 23%. AndroGel holds the #1 market share position in the testosterone replacement market, where growth is being driven by increasing diagnosis and treatment. AndroGel 1.62, our new low-volume formulation, has quickly become the second most-prescribed therapy in the market, second only to our older formulation AndroGel 1%. U.S. sales of CREON were nearly $70 million. CREON maintains market leadership in the pancreatic enzyme market, where we continue to capture the vast majority of new prescription starts. U.S. sales of Lupron were $140 million. Our 6-month formulation, approved last year, continues to perform well, driving share gains and expanding our category leadership. U.S. sales of Synthroid were approximately $130 million in the quarter. Synthroid maintains strong brand loyalty and retains more than 20% market share despite the entry of generics into the market many years ago. Moving on to our more mature lipid franchise, where U.S. TriCor/TRILIPIX sales were $254 million and sales of Niaspan were $190 million. Our lipid franchise has been impacted by softness in the overall branded cholesterol market, as well as continued impact from last year's ACCORD and AIM-HIGH study results as we've previously discussed. So as we look ahead to the second quarter in our global Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business, we expect mid- to high-single digit operational sales growth and a forecast for approximately 3% negative impact from foreign exchange. Moving on to our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals pipeline where we continue to make good progress. We currently have 30 compounds in human trials, including numerous medicines in development with breakthrough potential. Let's start with immunology, where we have a number of next-generation programs underway, all with an objective to raise the bar with differentiated efficacy and safety. This high bar is important as we believe the success of new compounds will be based on their ability to offer incremental efficacy and safety benefits beyond what's currently available to physicians and patients today. Our DVD-Ig platform holds promise in the treatment of RA, as well as other conditions. This proprietary technology unites 2 antibodies into a single molecule. Last year, we initiated a Phase I study in RA for ABT-122, which combines the established mechanisms, anti-TNF and IL-17, with the goal of elevating efficacy and improving the overall clinical profile. Our anti-CD4 biologic, BT-061, in development in partnership with Biotest, is currently in Phase II clinical trials for RA and psoriasis. The way we've structured the collaboration allows us to evaluate Phase 2b data prior to co-funding the Phase III program. And the product will need to demonstrate a clinically meaningful efficacy benefit, greater than currently available therapies, to clear the hurdle for advancement. Our recently announced agreement with Galapagos to develop and commercialize a next-generation oral JAK1 inhibitor is structured similarly. We believe this molecule, which preferentially targets the JAK1 pathway, differentiates it from other JAKs in development and may lead to a better overall profile. The Galapagos compound is currently in Phase IIa development with the potential to start Phase IIb next year. We are also evaluating a number of other oral candidates including an internal JAK1, a SYK inhibitor, as well as next-generation anti-inflammatory modulators, or AIMs through our collaboration with Reata. Moving on to chronic kidney disease, which is also on the rise, driven by higher rates of diabetes, obesity and an aging population. Bardoxolone is a promising treatment in Phase III development for CKD with our partner Reata. Bardoxolone is a nerve 2 activator, a novel mechanism that improves the kidney's ability to filter and remove waste from the body. Results from the Phase IIb study of Bardoxolone were unprecedented and showed a significant and sustained improvement in kidney function. No other treatment to date has demonstrated the ability to reverse the progression of this disease. The Phase III study called BEACON is an outcomes-based study designed to assess Bardoxolone's ability to forestall or prevent chronic dialysis, kidney transplant or cardiovascular death in Stage 4 patients, a group that is just pre-dialysis. Enrollment has been very brisk, which reflects the significant need for new therapies in this disease. We expect results from this 2,000-patient global trial in 2013. Also in development for the treatment of kidney disease is atrasentan. Results from a Phase II dose-ranging trial showed atrasentan reduce protein in the urine, a symptom that is often predictive of renal function. We would expect atrasentan to be complementary to Bardoxolone within our portfolio. A Phase IIb study is currently underway, with results expected later this year. Moving on to neuroscience where we're developing compounds to address conditions such as Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, schizophrenia, pain and MS. Daclizumab is a next-generation biologic in development for MS. Last year, Abbott and our partner company announced promising results from the first of 2 registrational studies. The first -- the Phase III study called DECIDE is ongoing. In this study, we hope to confirm the findings observed in the Phase II trial. If successful, we believe a significant reduction in disability and annual relapse rate against an active comparator will be data that is unique to this promising and highly active treatment. Results from the Phase III study are expected in 2014, with potential commercialization in 2015. We're also developing an intestinal gel for the treatment of advanced Parkinson's disease. The gel, currently in advanced clinical development in the U.S. and marketed as Duodopa in Europe, consists of 2 compounds with proven efficacy in this disease, levodopa and carbidopa. Through a unique delivery system, the intestinal gel is infused directly into the small intestine via a portable pump. Yesterday, we announced the results from a Phase III trial, showing patients treated for 12 weeks reported significant improvements in disease symptoms versus the oral forms of the products. The results from the study will be presented at the American Academy of Neurology meeting later this month. We expect our U.S. registration submission to occur this year. Endometriosis and fibroids are both associated with a number of symptoms, including pain and infertility. Our partnered compound, elagolix, has a unique profile that provides symptom reduction while avoiding the adverse effects that can sometimes be associated with current treatments. The Phase II clinical program for fibroids is currently underway, and the Phase III study in endometriosis is expected to begin this quarter. Moving on to oncology where we're focused on developing targeted treatments that inhibit tumor growth and improve response to common cancer therapies. Elotuzumab is being developed with a partner company for the treatment of multiple myeloma, the second most common blood cancer. Phase II data suggests the potential for improved efficacy versus current treatments. The Phase III study for Elotuzumab is currently underway. We also have active PARP and Bcl-2 inhibitor programs, as well as a number of other early-stage oncology compounds in development. And finally, turning to our rapidly advancing HCV program where we have a broad portfolio with compounds spanning 3 mechanisms of action, including protease, non-nucleoside polymerase and NS5A inhibitors. Recent data suggest the combination regimen will likely prove to be the most effective approach, and we're well positioned in that regard, given our portfolio. Earlier this month, abstracts for the upcoming EASL meeting were published online, including results from 2 of Abbott's Phase II interferon-free HCV studies, Pilot and Co-Pilot. In the Co-Pilot study, 2 different doses of our protease inhibitor, ABT-450; plus our non-nucleoside polymerase inhibitor, ABT-333 and ribavirin, were administered for 12 weeks. The results showed sustained virologic response at 12 weeks post-treatment in 93% and 95% of treatment-nave genotype 1 patients. In these patients, response was independent of HCV subtype host IL28B genotype or dose level of ABT-450. The Pilot study evaluated treatment with ABT-450 plus another of our non-nucleoside polymerase inhibitors, ABT-072, and ribavirin for 12 weeks. The results showed sustained virologic response at 12 weeks post-treatment in 91% of genotype 1 treatment-nave patients. Both regimens were well tolerated, and the most reported adverse events were mild in severity. Full results with longer term follow-up data from these studies as well as a number of other abstracts will be presented at the EASL meeting this week in Barcelona, Spain. We're building on the Pilot and Co-Pilot results with data from our larger global Phase II clinical trials. These studies include various combinations of all 3 compounds in our portfolio, both with and without ribavirin, as well as evaluation across various HCV genotypes. Additional data from these studies, which are planned for presentation later this year, will shed further light on our promising program. We have a high level of confidence that our HCV compounds in development will dramatically change the treatment landscape. We expect to start Phase III studies in 2013 with commercialization in 2015, putting us in a very competitive position from a timing perspective. So in summary, this quarter, Abbott delivered strong double-digit performance with ongoing EPS growth of more than 13%, and we raised our ongoing earnings per share guidance for the year. We remain focused on the process of separating Abbott into 2 leading healthcare companies, which is on track to be completed by the end of the year. And with that, Tom, John and I will be glad to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Rick Wise from Leerink Swann.
Frederick A. Wise: As we think about operating margins, Tom, I mean, clearly, in particular on the Nutritional side, John laid out very thoroughly and clearly some of the drivers there. Can you talk a little bit more, just over the next -- looking ahead over the next couple of years and as the company separates, what are the bigger -- biggest margin drivers beyond this Nutritionals program? Is it diabetes? What's next? And is this going to be -- are these similar programs that you laid out for Nutritional? Or is it more about cost? Just, again, any perspective would be welcome. Where do we go from here?
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, I think what John said in his remarks is a good representation of the way we're approaching it. And I think our experience in diagnostics really helped a lot in this regard. And we talked about this in the past. What that team did is they didn't limit their analysis of their business to just the cost area. They really looked comprehensively at their P&Ls, all the way from the top to the bottom line. They did a lot of thinking through mix, product mix, customer mix, profitability by customer segment. And they did some very good analytics and addressed some of the challenges there that really weren't evident as we looked at these businesses differently, prior to their -- to the work they did in that area. And we've really taken that approach and that template and brought it over to the other businesses and very comprehensively looked at each. So -- as John described in his Nutritional discussion there, it's a pretty broad range of things beyond just the cost area. And our other businesses have done similar exercises. In terms of what's going to drive operating margin improvement for the diversified company, certainly, the biggest opportunity over the next 2, 3 years is nutrition. I think that's where we see the highest ramp. We were -- in the 13 range, I think an operating margin couple of years ago, and we see a very good path to 20 here the next 2, 3 years, and we have a very thorough plan to get there. So that clearly is the biggest mover. But every single business is continuing to execute on their programs, again similar to what Diagnostics did. And we see steady improvement in each business, including Diagnostics. While we've gotten that business up into the upper teens, we clearly see that getting well into the 20s in the next couple of years as well, as they continue to execute. So it's a way of doing business. It's a continual process. And I think, across the businesses, it's going to contribute to a good margin expansion element of the diversified company as we move forward.
Frederick A. Wise: And follow-up with 2 product or division-related questions. Core Lab U.S., up 13%, an excellent performance. Maybe highlight some other pipeline products and how sustainable. And last, on ABSORB, given the EU launch later this year, maybe you could update us in terms of just some basic expectations about the penetration the product is likely to get in the first year or so post-launch?
John B. Thomas: Yes, let me take the first part. So ABSORB has been doing well in a limited clinical setting, as we've described before. And then we expect full commercialization launch later this year. The reaction has been very good from clinicians around the world. And as you know, the data results that we've showed so far are similar to what we have seen with XIENCE and XIENCE PRIME in terms of the safety profile and the efficacy. So very encouraged there. And as I mentioned, later this year, plans to start the U.S. trial remain on track there. So it's a good story there. In Core Lab, it's been -- it's interesting because it's a business, frankly, that we haven't talked a lot about, the different products and tests like we used to. But there have been a number of new products that have been launched, new assays. PRISM obviously has been important as that expands. We had good growth there with both of those systems, particularly in some emerging markets around the world where -- markets like China, we've grown in excess of 35%, grown twice the market. Brazil, we've had very good traction with our Vitamin D and Chagas test. Russia is growing, excess of 30%. It's off a smaller base. But we're really investing in some of those emerging markets, and leveraging our overall global leadership position is definitely making a big difference. And then as I mentioned in my remarks, we did win the largest private laboratory in Latin America in the first quarter this year. So those are the good things. The European market has been a little challenging, I think, for everybody. Other competitors have talked about that, but that's one of the things that you have to deal with and we plan for. We also have had some specific tests in the pipeline last year, for example, the Vitamin D test that I mentioned; launched a number of new assays this year, include diabetes and cardiac markers. And then we have other things that we've done in that business, as you know, with our acquisition of STARLIMS. That was the first -- our first entre into informatics. And we've launched what we call OneLab, which is an offshoot of the STARLIMS system. That's gaining some good traction and giving our customers some options that they didn't have before.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Weinstein from JPMC.
Michael N. Weinstein: So first one -- let me ask on Hep C. So what are we going to see additionally at EASL that we didn't see in the abstracts?
Larry Peepo: Most of our abstract, Mike, this is Larry, contain the information that we have at EASL. So when they posted earlier this month, that pretty much encompassed all of our data. And again, the key data there for us would be the Co-Pilot data, which showed very strong SVR12 rates of 93% and 95%. And then Pilot also was very strong. SVR rates, SVR24 actually, at 91%. But most of the abstracts that have been released back in early April will be comprehensive of what we have at EASL this weekend.
Michael N. Weinstein: One of the questions that people have had has been bounced about on the Street post the release of the abstracts, is the difference in the response rates between the non-CC nave patients and those that are non-CC treatment failure patients, interferon failure patients. Do you have any thoughts as to why there's such a difference in response rates between those 2 groups? Obviously the N is small, but there's a pretty strong difference there.
Larry Peepo: Well, people who are non-responders are certainly the most difficult to treat, right? And this data that we have right now is kind of our first foray into that group, and it does only include 2 of our agents, the protease inhibitor, as well as the polymerase. And so, as you know, we've got additional studies underway, CC, as I mentioned, later this year, that are inclusive of the NS5A, which we believe to be a much more potent group. But that 47% SVR rate within that non-responder group is actually better than just about anything else that's been put forth to date, including some pretty low-level response rates from the new class that we've seen here over the last 6 weeks. So I would say that 47% looks very good relative to anything else that we've seen. And I think we'll see more again later this year when we put together a more potent agent NS5A in combination with this tough-to-treat patient population.
John B. Thomas: Yes. And then, of course, Mike, the other data that we showed in the most prevalent form of the virus in developed markets, the GT1 treatment-nave patients, that's where we saw the cure rates in excess of 90%. So those were unprecedented types of results. It's obviously, as Larry said, early data, and we expect to have more data later in the year on a broader patient population. But clearly, I think that put us in a leadership position in HCV.
Michael N. Weinstein: Good. Let me ask one question on EPD. The performance this quarter was a bit light of our thinking. I think it was up 1.8% constant currency. At the Analyst Meeting, you guys had talked about EPD growing mid- to high-single digits going forward, and I know emerging markets are close to 60% of the revenues. So help us out there, what is going on in EPD? It's important because it's 1/3 of the profits for new Abbott, so it's going to be a key driver. So why is growth in the low-single digits right now? Why isn't it in that mid to high single-digit range you guys talked about?
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, obviously, that mid to high was a bit of a longer-term target for this group. And the results in the first quarter were very consistent with the guidance we provided in January. And what's happening -- this organization has been in place for a little more than the year. There are a number of their geographic expansion initiatives and products expansion initiatives, which are just in the early stages. Programs such as the Zydus collaboration, which will bring new molecules to the market, and some of the payback on some of the commercial investments that have been made over the last -- over the first year or so are still a bit further out. So I think we're on track in the first quarter. We do expect the growth rates to improve later in the year. There's been -- as you know, there is a base part of this business that is the developed world that is growing a bit more slowly. And in the first quarter, we were working through a little bit of a headwind in some of the European countries there as we progressed through the year. But I think the comps will get better, particularly in the third and fourth quarter. And as we exit the year, our forecast show that we'll be much closer to that range we talked about at the Analyst Meeting as we progress into 2013. So we expect better growth. I think you'll see it. And we'll just have to keep monitoring it as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin: Just a few questions, Tom. TriCor, what are your expectations for revenues going forward? Just given the settlement that you've reached with Teva, and Teva's commentary that the FDA has issues with their formulation and won't be launching this year, do you anticipate that there will be other generics on the market? And does your settlement agreement allow for other generics to reach the market? And then I have a follow-up question on HUMIRA growth, which has been quite remarkable in terms of the re-acceleration we've seen, with HUMIRA growth in the U.S., along with the entire anti-TNF class. And I'm just wondering what you think is going on. And as you know, there will be a JAK inhibitor potentially reaching the market in the second half of this year and if your guidance for the full year incorporates a competitive dynamic, and if you could just share with us what you're thinking is.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, so this is Tom. On TriCor, I mean, I've heard some of the comments you mentioned from Teva, but we can't make assumptions on what they're going to do or not going to do. And clearly, they have a right to enter the market in the second half. And so we continue to model that. I think even if there was somewhat of a delay there, over the -- even the near term or the medium term, that's not real meaningful for us because clearly, as we move into 2013 and '14, these lipid products are in their last phases, and we don't have expectations for sales for those products. So that issue may be a little more meaningful for the other company than it is for us, and we'll see how it plays out in the second half. John, you want to take -- or Larry, you want to take the HUMIRA?
Larry Peepo: Sure. This is Larry. The market growth has been very strong for biologics overall, and I think you'll see that our growth from a prescription trend basis is growing even faster than the market. I think, from an overall market, maybe we're seeing a little bit more contribution from the dermatology side, which, as you know, has very low levels of penetration currently. I think that's lifting the overall biologics market. I think unique to HUMIRA has just been some very strong commercial execution across all the categories. We continue to see very good share momentum, particularly in dermatology relative to Enbrel, as well as in the gastro space relative to the Cimzias of the world. We continue to see really nice market share gains there. And room has held in there quite nicely for us as well, despite an increased level of competition from smaller players who have garnered, I would say, pretty low levels of share overall. Now you asked about our contemplation of a potential launch of Pfizer's tofacitinib product. We pretty much as -- almost like in the TriCor situation, we have to assume that they will be successful with their ultimate approval on a PDUFA date, which I believe is in August. And so we've factored that into our outlook for the year. And certainly, we feel very good about our position, the strength of HUMIRA relative to that product's launch. But to your specific question, yes, we have factored that into our outlook for this year.
Jami Rubin: And just, Tom, very quickly on your tax rate guidance for the year of 14.5% to 15%. Does that contemplate an R&D tax credit? Is that already in that number?
Thomas C. Freyman: No, we do not assume that at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David R. Lewis: Tom, just wanted to come back to EPD for a second. So it does appear that the key emerging markets with NS7 are performing actually quite well. So I wonder, is the performance today, which I know you hope to get better, is that more a function of the BRICs not growing as fast as you want or expected? Or is it a situation with the non-BRIC markets that may be more developed in nature are being pressured for economic reasons kind of at this current time?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, it's -- well, it's the non-BRIC. But all -- we, frankly -- as we look at this business not really on the long term, the medium term, we have factored into that mid to upper expectation on sales growth, the fact that this base business will not grow as fast. But as the emerging markets grow as fast as we expect, and as it becomes a higher percentage of the business, I think it's going to support growth in the range that we have targeted. I will say, as a part of the latter part of 2011 and in the first quarter of 2012, there still is some residual austerity effect coming through in the developed world element of this business. And that's a little bit of what you're seeing in the first quarter, a bit of headwind. But in the BRIC areas, very strong double-digit growth, and we're really pleased with how the business is executing in those areas.
David R. Lewis: Okay. Maybe just a quick question for Larry on Hep C. Larry, have there been any decisions made about, if you look at the regimens in Pilot and Co-Pilot, about which of those regimens, if any, are going to be brought into Phase III?
Larry Peepo: No final decisions on Phase III at this point in time. I would say, one thing that we learned from Pilot/Co-Pilot, though, is that we used ABT-072 in Pilot. That's our, again, the polymerase inhibitor, and we used 333 in Co-Pilot. As you can see, in the Phase IIb studies that we've described on clinicaltrials.gov, we are moving forward in Phase IIb with the ABT-333 polymerase. But I think, more importantly, is the data that's coming from our broader Phase II program, Aviator and Navigator, that really combine and have various arms that have, again, various combinations of these 3 compounds with and without ribavirin, that will really be the guide to what we move forward with into Phase III. And again, right now, we're talking initiation of Phase III in 2013. But as you can imagine, we're working very hard to have that occur as soon as we can. But that's our guidance today.
David R. Lewis: Okay. And then maybe just one quick -- I'm sorry, for John or Tom. You talked about nutritional opportunities, obviously, a significant driver of what -- of DMP growth. You talked about 2 different opportunities: the first, which is a cost-driven opportunity; the second is mix. I guess I'm just curious, can both of those opportunities move forward simultaneously? Or should we think of them as sort of a phase -- a phased effect?
Thomas C. Freyman: No. I mean, all of the margin initiatives are being addressed concurrently as aggressively as the organization can do it. So it's going to -- there's no reason to phase things. And there are numerous, numerous -- literally over 100 programs that the business is executing on as we speak.
Operator: Our next question is from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn J. Novarro: Two questions. One on HUMIRA, the o U.S. strength. Can you comment about -- I can't imagine it's entering new markets, so it must be indications. So maybe discuss what's driving the international growth? Then my second question is on U.S. stents. Can you give us a sense of what pricing has been doing in the market sequentially and what DES penetration was in the first quarter?
John B. Thomas: Yes. Let me take the last part first, Glenn. So stent pricing actually has moderated nicely from what we've seen, as you know, last year, throughout the year. And I think the competitors saw this as well. It was declining in the high-single digits. It's moderated to mid-single digits price decline. And that is a function of a number of different things. One, on our end, is the launch of both nano and PRIME. So getting into the short lengths and the longer lengths -- small vessels and longer lengths, excuse me. And that -- those are premium products, and I think that's helped stabilize as well, and some other competitive launches in addition. So that's one thing. DES penetration has been around 80%. And with PROMUS out of the mix as you know, too, that helps our overall pricing situation now that they're no longer part of that third-party revenue line in our overall numbers. So DES penetration is good. PCI volume has been up nicely, particularly outside the U.S. and certain emerging markets, it's growing in the mid-teens. So the dynamics there are good for the underlying business, despite the noise and as I mentioned on the call. And it's really about setting up the business for much stronger growth in 2013 as we get through this transition year, with PROMUS coming out of the numbers for us.
Glenn J. Novarro: Can I ask one follow-up, just U.S. PCI volume is -- that's been kind of tracking flat to up a little, down a little. Any indication what that was in the first quarter? And the 80% DES penetration, is that better than what we've seen in the second half of last year?
John B. Thomas: Yes, it is slightly better. We were seeing -- pushing upwards of 80%, 79%. That's the first time that we've gotten to 80% in a while. And the U.S., you're right. PCI volume there has been relatively flat and down just very slightly sequentially. But as I mentioned, up kind of in the mid-single digits worldwide. And then certain international emerging markets been up quite strongly.
Glenn J. Novarro: And then just the international HUMIRA growth?
Larry Peepo: Sure. Yes. I think it's a combination of factors, Glenn. Certainly, HUMIRA has a leadership position and, as a leader, grows probably in excess of the marketplace most quarters. That leadership extends across, as I said, now 7 indications. So it is somewhat driven by new indications. It's also driven by some expansion in geographic presence. Japan continues to move forward nicely. We've launched in China. But I think, in general, the overall driving factor is just market growth. We continue to see, across the major markets, growth rates anywhere from 14% to 20%, just based again on the benefits that the product brings relative to the downstream cost that can be incurred for not treating the severity of these diseases. So market growth is probably your primary driver there in the international side, and we're growing a little bit faster than those markets.
Glenn J. Novarro: And that 14% to 20%, should we assume it's closer to 14% in Europe and 20% outside of Europe? Or is it a little bit slower in Europe?
Larry Peepo: The Europes are in that range.
Operator: Our final question today is from Rajeev Jashnani from UBS.
Rajeev Jashnani: Just a follow-up on EPD. I think you guys reported in 2011, pricing was minus 1 to 2. Is that still kind of the run rate you're seeing for that business?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, that's probably about right. A little -- probably closer to 2.
Rajeev Jashnani: Okay, fair enough. And I guess just following up on HUMIRA x U.S. I know you don't want to get too specific on this, but is it reasonable to assume a double-digit ongoing constant currency-type growth for that product, again in international markets over the next few years?
Larry Peepo: Yes, it's always hard to project out that far, Rajeev. But again, here we are in 2012, and those markets continue to grow in the range that I just indicated. That's pretty strong growth. Now certainly, our product gets bigger and bigger every year. So dollars of growth can continue to be quite strong. The percentage, just based on the way the numbers work, starts to come down a little bit, but we foresee good growth there internationally.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes. I mean, you'll recall from the October investor meeting, Rick Gonzalez talked about $1 billion-plus in raw dollars of HUMIRA growth over the next few years. So certainly, as a percentage, that would be double digits in '13 and probably '14. But that gives you an idea of what we think the continuing growth potential of the product is as we look out 2, 3 years.
Rajeev Jashnani: Yes. No, that's very helpful. It just seems like the product just continues to move ahead at a -- such a brisk pace. I appreciate the color.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, the performance has been good, and we think the durability is very strong as well over the long term.
John B. Thomas: Yes. And don't forget all the indications that we have. And we just got another one, as you know, in Europe. So the utility of the product has been amazing, and it's a great, great, well-positioned product for the long-term. Okay? All right. And that concludes our conference call. A replay of the call will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on our Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com; and after 11 a.m. Central Time via telephone at (203) 369-3838, confirmation code 70437043. The audio replay will be available until 4 p.m. Central on Wednesday, May 2. We appreciate you joining us, and please call us if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs.
John B. Thomas: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for joining us, everybody. Also on today's call will be Miles White, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations. Miles will provide his opening remarks, and Tom will review the details of our fourth quarter results, as well as our outlook for 2012. I'll then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, Miles, Tom, Larry and I will take your questions. Some statements made today may be forward-looking, including the planned separation of a research-based pharmaceutical company from the diversified medical products company and the expected financial results of the 2 companies after the separation. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. And so with that, I'll turn the call over to Miles. Miles?
Miles D. White: Okay. Thanks, John. Good morning. This morning, I'll review our 2011 performance, as well as our outlook for 2012, and Tom and John will walk you through the details of our fourth quarter and our full year results, as well as our 2012 outlook, and then we'll take your questions. As you can see from our earnings news release, Abbott reported another year of strong performance in 2011 despite what's been another challenging year for the healthcare industry and for the global economy. We managed through these challenges as we've always done and delivered full year ongoing EPS growth of nearly 12%. And as we announced this morning, we expect to deliver another year of strong performance as we issued guidance of $4.95 per share to $5.05 per share for 2012. I'll talk more about the year ahead in a moment. In 2011, Abbott sales grew more than 10%, driven by double-digit growth in Established Pharmaceuticals, International and Nutritionals, Molecular and Point of Care Diagnostics, International Vascular and Global Proprietary Pharmaceuticals. HUMIRA had another outstanding year, and with nearly $8 billion in sales, solidifying its global position as the anti-TNF market leader. In addition to full year double-digit sales growth as forecasted, we improved the profitability of many of our operating businesses, and in the fourth quarter, we delivered an adjusted gross margin ratio of nearly 64%. We also generated more than $9 billion of operating cash flow, which was another record year. And we returned $3 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends. Our payout ratio is strong at more than 40%. We've increased our dividend for 39 consecutive years, making Abbott one of only a handful of U.S. companies to deliver with such consistency. Our return of cash to shareholders through dividends, together with Abbott's stock price appreciation, generated a total shareholder return of nearly 22% in 2011 compared to 2% for the S&P 500 over the same period of time. This level of performance led all large-cap medical device companies and was also near the top of large-cap pharmaceutical companies. Abbott's performance in 2011 is our best annual return in 5 years and our second-best performance in 10 years. Abbott's 5-year total return of nearly 35% was more than double the S&P Healthcare Index. Over the same time period, the S&P 500 Index declined 1%. To continue to generate value for our shareholders and align Abbott's long-term strategic goals with shareholders' best interest, we announced in October our intention to separate Abbott into 2 leading healthcare companies, one in diversified medical products and the other in research-based pharmaceuticals. Creating 2 independent companies provides 2 unique and compelling investment opportunities for shareholders as the investment identities and operating models of each business have evolved independently over the last several years. Both enterprises will be well-positioned large-cap investment opportunities in their respective peer groups. They'll also have broad product portfolios and global presence, strong balance sheets, significant and durable cash flows and are expected to have strong investment-grade credit ratings. As we've said, each will generate a dividend that when combined will equally Abbott dividend at the time of separation. And as you can see from our earnings news release this morning, both businesses performed well again in 2011. After we announced the separation in October, we immediately brought our transition organization together. This is the same organization that executed the separation of our hospital products business and successfully integrated our key acquisitions, including Knoll, Guidant and Solvay. Right now, we're working through the many details of separating the 2 organizations. This has been simplified in large part by completing the separation of our Established Pharmaceuticals business at the beginning of last year. But as you can imagine, there's still a significant amount of work to do. The transition team has developed and is implementing detailed plans to prepare for the separation. Moving onto our 2011 results. I'll start with the diversified medical products businesses, which is comprised of 4 similarly-sized segments: Established Pharmaceuticals, Nutritionals, Diagnostics and Medical Devices. In our Established Pharmaceuticals division, which is our branded generics business, we delivered sales of $5.4 billion in 2011, an increase of nearly 20%. We spent the better part of the last decade building EPD into the global organization it is today. Most recently, we completed the integration of Piramal Healthcare Solutions in 2011 which, together with our existing business, made Abbott the largest pharmaceutical company in India, one of several rapidly growing emerging markets. The success of EPD is built on literally hundreds of different products sold around the globe. Our global Nutrition business delivered more than 8% growth for the full year 2011. In the U.S., we regained all the share we had lost due to the late 2010 infant formula recall and reestablished our position as the infant formula market leader with Similac. We also continued to drive double-digit growth of our toddler brand, Pediasure. International sales increased 14% for the full year as we continue to drive growth in fast-growing emerging markets. At $2.5 billion, our emerging market Nutritional sales comprised more than 40% of our total Nutritional business and increased 17% for the full year. As I discussed in our investor meeting in October, one of our key priorities in our Nutrition business is to expand its operating margin. Similar to the success that we've seen in Diagnostics and Diabetes Care, we're implementing an improvement plan to drive our nutrition margin from the low teens in 2011 to our target of more than 20% by 2015. We began to see progress from our efforts in the fourth quarter. While quite detailed, this plan has 4 main drivers of improvement: manufacturing locations and processes; materials and packaging costs; distribution; and product and geographic mix. Let me give you a few examples. We're building plants in key emerging markets, including China, to be closer to the customer, as well as reduce manufacturing and shipping costs. We'll be online with new facilities in 2013. We're moving from a distributor model to a direct model in certain countries, which we expect to generate significant savings. And we're improving both our product and geographic mix, and in some cases, exiting product lines or markets to focus on more profitable opportunities. These are just a few examples of many initiatives that are underway in the nutrition business. We expect to see good progress in 2012 with much more significant improvement in operating margin in 2013 and beyond. Moving on to Diagnostics, which had another impressive year in terms of both sales and margin. Sales increased 9% with continued double-digit growth in both Molecular and Point of Care. We delivered strong growth in emerging markets such as China, where in Core Laboratory Diagnostics, for example, we continue to place new ARCHITECT systems. In 2011, across Diagnostics, we launched a number of new devices and tests, including our wireless i-STAT point of care device, a Vitamin D assay on ARCHITECT and a new molecular diagnostic that's used with a new lung cancer treatment. We expect approximately 20 new product launches in 2012. Diagnostics continued its successful multiyear operating margin improvement plan. 2011 was a record year for margin dollar contribution, up more than 35%, resulting in an operating margin of more than 18%. In 2012, we'll continue to expand the margin profile of our Core Laboratory Diagnostics business while we drive more significant contribution from our Molecular and Point of Care businesses. By 2015, Diagnostics should deliver more than $1 billion in margin annually, reflecting an operating margin that we expect will be more than 20%. And finally, our Medical Devices segment, which includes Vascular, Diabetes Care and Vision Care. In Diabetes Care, in 2011, we launched our new InsuLinx glucose monitor in Europe. This technology is the foundation for our new product pipeline as we improve the testing experience for insulin-dependent patients. Both the gross and operating margins in our diabetes business continue to improve. In Vision Care, we launched 5 new products in 2011, including the European launch of our new TECNIS Toric intraocular lens for cataract patients. Our Vision Care pipeline is balanced across our LASIK, cataract and eye care solutions business lines with numerous products launching over the next 5 years. And in Vascular, we launched several important new products in 2011 that solidified our position as the #1 vascular device company globally. In the U.S., we launched our XIENCE nano small-vessel drug-eluting stent, and in November, launched XIENCE PRIME, our next-generation DES that's also approved for long lesions. Both of these products have allowed Abbott to expand into market segments where we weren't previously competing to capture additional share. In Europe, we received CE Mark for our bioresorbable vascular scaffold or BVS, ABSORB, and we expect a full commercial launch by the end of this year. We delivered high single-digit growth in our endovascular segment, which includes our carotid stents vessel closure devices and peripheral balloons and stents. Our endovascular business is approaching $500 million in annual sales, and we expect double-digit growth in 2012. In 2011, we also saw continued gains from our new TREK balloon franchise, delivering 20% growth for coronary balloons for the full year. We also continue to perform well in emerging markets. This geographic segment comprises nearly 20% of total vascular sales and increased 25% for the full year. In addition to our endovascular business, we expect numerous new product launches to drive growth over the next several years. This includes ABSORB, as I mentioned; our U.S. launch of MitraClip for mitral regurgitation; our recently announced new drug-eluting stent system XIENCE XPEDITION, which we anticipate launching in Europe in the second half of this year; as well as numerous coronary and endovascular products in our pipeline. In our Proprietary Pharmaceutical business, we delivered another year of industry-leading performance. HUMIRA, our biologic for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, continued to exceed our expectations, delivering strong growth again in 2011. With its broad range of indications, strong global market position and well-established safety and efficacy profile, it will continue to be a strong and sustainable growth product going forward. Beyond HUMIRA, we delivered strong growth with many of our durable specialty-focused products. This included double-digit growth for the full year 2011 in the U.S. for Lupron, Synthroid, CREON and AndroGel. In our pharmaceutical pipeline, we advanced 2 products into Phase III development and now have more than 20 compounds or new indications in Phase II or Phase III. I'd like to focus on just a couple in particular. As we discussed in October, we've made significant progress on our pipeline over the past several years, augmenting it with promising late-stage assets and successfully advancing internal programs. One of these internal programs is HCV, where our data to date have shown that we're in the running to have a leadership position in this category by effectively curing HCV with a short course of therapy without interferon. We'll present additional HCV data this spring, and more importantly, initial results from our Phase IIb program in the fall. Another late-stage compound I'd highlight is bardoxolone, which is in Phase III for chronic kidney disease. Bardoxolone has the potential to prevent and possibly reverse the progression of CKD. To date, no treatment has been shown to reverse disease progression. Bardoxolone could change the treatment landscape as well as have a significant economic benefit to the healthcare system. We're developing this compound with our partner Reata, and recently expanded that agreement to jointly develop and commercialize their entire portfolio of next-generation anti-inflammatory treatments across a number of diseases, including RA, MS and COPD. So in summary, as we look back on 2011, it was really another outstanding year for Abbott. We delivered ongoing EPS growth of nearly 12% and generated a total shareholder return of nearly 22%. As we look forward to 2012, we expect to deliver another year of strong earnings growth while investing appropriately to ensure successful futures for our 2 leading healthcare companies post separation. Each has its own unique and compelling investment identity, and both are well-positioned in their respective markets. We expect Abbott to be one of the fastest-growing large-cap diversified medical products companies with a durable mix of products and a strong emerging markets presence. The new research-based pharmaceutical company will be a leader in its industry with a strong and sustainable portfolio of biologics and specialty medicines and a promising pipeline. We believe both of these companies will be attractive opportunities for investors. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom and John for a more detailed overview of the fourth quarter and our outlook for 2012. Tom?
Thomas C. Freyman: Thanks, Miles. We're very pleased with how we ended 2011 as we had a strong fourth quarter, delivering double-digit ongoing earnings per share growth. And we had strong overall performance in 2011, with ongoing EPS above the original guidance range we provided at the beginning of the year. For the fourth quarter, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share of $1.45, an increase of 11.5% over the prior year. For the full year 2011, ongoing EPS was up 11.8%. Sales growth in the quarter was 4.1%, including a favorable 0.2% impact from exchange rates. With the significant movement in a number of currencies during the quarter, impact from exchange was almost 1% less favorable than we had forecasted on the third quarter call. We continue to see the benefit of our strategies to expand in the emerging markets with total emerging market sales across the company of $2.5 billion, representing nearly 25% of total sales, with particularly strong growth in Nutritionals, Vascular and Diagnostics in the quarter. The adjusted gross margin ratio was 63.8%, up 320 basis points from the prior year. While changes in exchange rates contributed roughly half of the improvement over 2010, we did see significantly better operating performance across most of our businesses, including Vascular, Pharmaceuticals, Nutritionals, Diabetes Care and Diagnostics. Overall, as we look at 2011, we delivered strong ongoing EPS growth despite a number of factors that impacted our industry. We continued to expand our presence across emerging markets, advanced our late-stage pipeline and made great strides to improve the overall efficiency of the company while continuing to invest in the business to drive future growth. And we generated record operating cash flow of more than $9 billion in 2011. Most importantly, we announced our plan to separate into 2 leading healthcare companies, each with a unique investment identity. Looking ahead to 2012, as Miles mentioned, the separation is on track for completion by the end of the year. So the guidance we provided today reflects a full year outlook for the company in total. Today, we issued a full year ongoing earnings per share guidance of $4.95 to $5.05, reflecting another year of strong performance. Regarding sales growth for 2012, with the recent movements in various exchange rates, we'd expect there to be a sales headwind this year. Current rates would result in a negative impact of exchange on sales of approximately 2.5% in 2012. Our operational sales growth in 2012 is expected to be in the mid single digits. However, if current rates were to hold, the negative impact from exchange would result in reported sales growth in the low single digits this year. Our sales forecast reflects an expectation for somewhat slower growth in our Proprietary Pharmaceutical business, offset by stronger growth in the remainder of the Medical Device and Nutritional businesses. Our outlook for Proprietary Pharmaceutical reflects ongoing trends in our U.S. lipids franchise, including a continued decline in Niaspan and an expectation for generic competition for TriCor in the second half of the year. Also for 2012, we're forecasting continued improvement in our adjusted full year gross margin ratio, which is expected to approach 62% for the full year. This reflects efficiency initiatives, favorable mix and current exchange rates, partially offset by the decline in U.S. lipid sales. We're forecasting continuing strong investments to drive long-term growth in 2012 and after the separation, for both companies, with R&D of 9.5% to 10% of sales and SG&A of somewhat under 28% of sales. Overall, we expect to expand our operating margin ratio by around 100 basis points in 2012. We're forecasting net interest expense of around $450 million in 2012. We saw great progress in improving liquidity through the buildup of cash and by paying down short-term debt in 2011. But since both short-term investments and long-term debt are at such low interest rates, there's little expected change to net interest expense in 2012 from the amount seen in 2011. Regarding the tax rate in 2012, we expect a rate of 14.5% to 15%. We're forecasting quarterly ongoing EPS growth in each of the quarters that's consistent with the growth implied by our full year EPS guidance range. Our operational sales growth in the first quarter is expected to be in the mid single digits. However, at current exchange rates, we would see a roughly 2% negative impact from exchange in the first quarter, which will result in reported sales growth in the low single digits. We're forecasting an adjusted gross margin ratio approaching 61% in the first quarter, up over the first quarter of 2011. And finally in 2012, we're planning to resume share repurchases. So in summary, we exceeded our key financial goals in 2011, including strong EPS growth and cash flow generation while continuing to take strategic action to shape Abbott for the long term. Our outlook for 2012 again reflects strong performance as we execute the steps necessary to separate Abbott into 2 leading healthcare companies by the end of this year. With that, let's turn to the business operating highlights. John?
John B. Thomas: Thanks, Tom. This morning, I'll review the fourth quarter performance for 2011 and the 2012 outlook for our major business categories. I'll also provide a brief overview of our pipeline and the major milestones we expect this year. I'll describe our fourth quarter and full year 2011 results on a reported basis, that is, including the impact of foreign exchange. For our 2012 division outlook, when I get there and given recent FX trends, I'll provide both operational and reported expectations. So let me start with our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business, where our worldwide reported sales in the fourth quarter increased nearly 7%. For the full year 2011, worldwide reported sales in pharmaceuticals increased 11%. Global demand for HUMIRA continues to outpace the market with reported sales up nearly 16% in the fourth quarter. Performance was driven by strong U.S. sales growth, consistent with underlying trends in the quarter. We continue to see steady market growth globally, including strong performance for HUMIRA in the gastroenterology and dermatology segments. International HUMIRA growth in the quarter was impacted by our previous change to calendar year reporting for our international operations. Therefore, adjusting for results on a calendar year basis, HUMIRA international sales would have increased approximately 15% in the fourth quarter on a reported basis. Full year 2011 recorded sales for HUMIRA increased 21% globally, ahead of our original outlook at this time last year, which was low teens growth. As we look ahead to 2012, we expect low double-digit reported sales growth for HUMIRA worldwide, which includes the negative expected impact of foreign exchange. Global reported sales of CREON in the quarter were approximately $175 million, up approximately 13%. Full year 2011 global reported sales were approximately $630 million, and that was up 45%. CREON maintains market leadership in the pancreatic enzyme market. And over the past year, we've captured the vast majority of new prescription starts in this category. U.S. sales of Lupron in the quarter were up 7%. Full year global Lupron sales were $810 million, and that was ahead of our expectations. Our recently approved 6-month formulation of Lupron Depot continues to perform well, driving share gains and further expanding our category leadership. And U.S. sales of Synthroid were approximately $135 million in the quarter. Full year sales were approximately $520 million, and that was up more than 15%. For 2012, we expect U.S. Synthroid sales of more than $500 million. Moving on to AndroGel, where U.S. sales in the fourth quarter were approximately $260 million, up nearly 20%. Full year 2011 sales were approximately $875 million, an increase of nearly 35%. AndroGel holds the #1 share position in the testosterone replacement market, where growth is being driven by increasing diagnostics and treatment of low testosterone. Our new low-volume formulation is the fastest growing therapy in the market and has quickly gained market share. So for 2012, we expect continued double-digit growth for AndroGel. Moving on to our more mature lipid franchise, where sales of Niospan were $258 million in the quarter, down 10%, with prescription growth slowing following the discontinuation of the AIM-HIGH trial in May as we previously discussed. Global TRILIPIX/TriCor reported sales in the quarter were down approximately 4%, reflecting ongoing impact from the ACCORD study and continued softness in the overall cholesterol market. In terms of our 2012 outlook for our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business, we contemplated the current dynamics of the total cholesterol market, prescription trends for our range of lipid products, including TriCor, TRILIPIX and Niaspan and the entry of generic TriCor in the second half of the year. As a result, we expect low single-digit reported sales growth for the global Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business, including roughly flat performance in the U.S. and low single-digit reported growth in the international business. On an operational or performance basis, excluding the impact on the foreign exchange, we expect international Proprietary Pharmaceutical sales growth of mid to high single digits. Moving onto our Established Pharmaceuticals division, or EPD, which includes international sales of our branded generics portfolio. Fourth quarter reported global sales were nearly $1.4 billion. Excluding the impact of timing related to a significant tender for vaccine sales that occurred in the third quarter of 2011 rather than the fourth quarter, sales in our Established Pharmaceuticals business increased approximately 3% in the fourth quarter. In 2011, we received approximately 250 product approvals across numerous countries. And over the next several years, we expect more than 1,000 product launches in EPD, including registrations across multiple geographies to help drive continued durable performance in this business. So for 2012, we expect mid single-digit operational sales growth in our Established Pharmaceuticals division, including continued double-digit growth in key emerging markets with strong bottom line growth. However, since this business consists entirely of international sales, we expect reported sales growth to be roughly flat, including a mid single-digit negative sales impact from foreign exchange. Turning to our worldwide Nutritionals business, where global reported sales increased approximately 8.5% in the fourth quarter, driven by mi -single-digit sales growth in the U.S. and double-digit growth internationally. Full year 2011 global sales were more than $6 billion in this division, an increase of more than 8%. Over the course of the past year, we've advanced several strategic objectives in our Nutritionals business. In the United States, Abbott Nutrition continues to maintain its strong market position in both infant formula, as well as adult nutritionals. In addition to regaining significant U.S. infant formula market share in 2011, as Miles mentioned, we drove double-digit growth in Pediasure, our toddler brand, and Ensure, our top-selling adult nutritional product. Internationally in our Nutritional business, we successfully completed approximately 50 new product launches in key countries around the world. And also as Miles mention, we continued to deliver strong double-digit growth for our Nutrition business in emerging markets, as well as drive meaningful operating margin expansion. As we look ahead to the full year 2012 in our global Nutritionals business, we're forecasting high single-digit reported sales growth including mid single-digit growth in our U.S. business and low double-digit reported growth for our international business, which includes an estimated negative impact from foreign exchange of approximately 1%. In our global Diabetes Care business, worldwide reported sales increased 4% in the quarter. U.S. sales were up more than 7% as we continue to grow our retail prescription share through expanded consumer outreach and patient education. In 2011, we launched our new FreeStyle InsuLinx blood glucose monitor in Canada, as well as several European countries and expect to launch it in additional markets this year. In addition, in 2011, we significantly improved the profitability of our diabetes business, increasing operating margin by more than 300 basis points as a result of favorable product mix and operating cost reductions. And we expect continued margin improvement throughout 2012. So as we look ahead to 2012 in our global diabetes business, we expect flat to low single-digit reported revenue growth, including an estimated impact from foreign exchange of approximately 2.5%. In our Core Laboratory Diagnostics business, which includes immunoassay, blood screening and hematology, global reported sales in the quarter increased nearly 6% with U.S. sales up 10%, driven by continued strong growth of our ARCHITECT and PRISM systems. Full year sales were nearly $3.4 billion, and we continue to deliver strong margin improvement. In our Point of Care business, reported global sales in the fourth quarter increased nearly 8%. Full year global sales were up more than 10% in 2011, driven by strong growth of our bedside cardiac tests and continued expansion in emerging markets such as China. And in Molecular Diagnostics, reported global sales increased more than 10% in the fourth quarter, driven by double-digit sales growth in both the U.S. and international markets. Full year global sales were up nearly 15% in 2011, including more than 20% reported international sales growth. We've seen strong uptake of our ALK companion diagnostic to a new non-small cell lung cancer medicine. And we continue to place new systems and expand the menu of tests offered on the PLEX-ID System. So as we look ahead for the full year 2012, we expect our worldwide Diagnostics business, and that includes our Core Laboratory, Point of Care and Molecular businesses to generate mid single-digit reported sales growth, including an estimated negative impact of foreign exchange of approximately 2.5%. Moving onto our Vision Care business, where worldwide reported sales in the fourth quarter increased approximately 2% and more than 4% for the full year 2011. Internationally, we've seen good uptake of our new TECNIS Toric IOL in Europe and strong double-digit growth in emerging markets such as China and India. For 2012, we expect low to mid single-digit reported sales growth in our Vision Care business, including an estimated negative impact from foreign exchange of approximately 2%. And finally, in our Vascular business, worldwide sales in the fourth quarter were $826 million. Sales were roughly flat on a reported basis. However, excluding noncommercial revenues, sales increased mid single digits for the fourth quarter. As a reminder, the third-party distributor of PROMUS is now transitioning away from this product as we approach the end of our distribution agreement with them this year. International Vascular sales, which now comprise more than half of our total Vascular business, increased 7% in the quarter. In emerging markets, which comprised nearly 20% of this business, increased more than 14% in the quarter. In our coronary stent business, the U.S. launches last year of XIENCE nano in May, followed by XIENCE PRIME in November, contributed to DES franchise revenues of approximately $480 million in the fourth quarter. XIENCE sales increased nearly 10% globally, offset by a double-digit decline in PROMUS revenues as expected. With the recent U.S. launches of nano and PRIME and continued strong performance in Japan, China and other key international markets, XIENCE has solidified its position as the #1 drug-eluting stent family globally. XIENCE PRIME is the only everolimus drug-eluting stent available in long lengths in the U.S., which is helping us to continue to gain share at a higher price point. Our endovascular, other coronary and structural heart businesses comprised 40% of Vascular sales, and they increased mid single digits in the fourth quarter, led by continued strong growth of MitraClip, which posted sales in the fourth quarter of more than $25 million. Also, it was driven by growth in coronary balloons, with the launch of TREK, as well as growth in endovascular, driven by our new Armada line of peripheral balloons, and our renal stent, Herculink Elite. So as we look ahead to 2012 for Abbott Vascular, we expect roughly flat global reported sales growth, including our assumptions for PROMUS and nearly 2% of negative foreign exchange, offset by continued strong performance from our underlying business. The PROMUS transition will be nearly completed by the end of 2012, positioning 2013 for a stronger reported growth rate. And now turning to our pipeline. Since Miles spent time this morning discussing a number of compounds and technologies in our portfolio, let me spend a few moments outlining some of the milestones we expect that will occur this year in 2012. We've taken significant strategic actions to strengthen and advance our pipeline, and we expect a good deal of activity throughout this year, including new regulatory filings and product approvals, clinical trial advancement and data presentations. Starting with Diagnostics. We expect regulatory filings and approvals for a number of new assays for our ARCHITECT platform. We also expect the worldwide launch of a Web-based informatics platform called OneLab, designed to connect all of the labs information into one easy-to-use system. OneLab was released in Europe and Australia this month and is expected to launch in the U.S. and Canada later this year. In Molecular Diagnostics, we expect CE Mark for a number of infectious disease tests for our m2000 system. In addition, we'll launch our ALK companion diagnostic in more than 50 additional countries, following U.S. approval last year. In our Nutrition business, we expect nearly 70 innovations globally in our adult and pediatric business lines in 2012. In our Vascular business, the productivity of our pipeline is resulting in multiple new coronary and endovascular product launches across every major geography this year. Some of these include: our continued rollout of XIENCE PRIME, including geographic expansion into Japan and China in the first half of 2012; the launch of XIENCE XPEDITION in Europe, which offers a new catheter for enhanced deliverability, as well as a broader-size matrix; 2 stents for iliac indications in the U.S., Absolute Pro and Omnilink Elite; and a full commercial launch by the end of this year in Europe and a number of other countries around the world of ABSORB, our bioresorbable vascular scaffold. We're finalizing the ABSORB U.S. trial design and expect to begin enrollment in the first half of this year, with our Japan registration trial beginning in the second half of this year. We also continue our ongoing dialogue with the FDA on the U.S. review of MitraClip. In AMO, we expect European launches for a number of products, and we plan to submit our U.S. PMA for the TECNIS Toric intraocular lens. And then finally, in Propriety Pharmaceuticals, 2012 promises to be a pretty significant year for our HCV program, with results from our initial interferon-free trials presented at a spring conference and preliminary data from several Phase IIb studies in the fall. We have a high level of confidence that our HCV compounds in development can dramatically change the treatment landscape. We plan to present additional data analysis from our Phase IIb study of bardoxolone this year as well for the treatment of chronic kidney disease. The Phase III program is enrolling very well, and we continue to expect results from that trial later next year. Also in development for CKD is atrasentan. We expect to complete our ongoing Phase IIb study in diabetic patients this year and plan to initiate the Phase III program next year in 2013. We expect to present Phase II data from ABT-126, our NNR in development for Alzheimer's and other conditions this year as well, likely at a medical meeting this summer. We're working with regulatory authorities to finalize the Phase III study on elagolix for endometriosis and expect to initiate the global trial in the coming months. We plan to present Phase III pivotal data for Duodopa, an intestinal gel for advanced Parkinson's disease at an upcoming medical meeting. We expect to submit our U.S. regulatory application for Duodopa later this year as well. And finally, certainly the most important milestone for 2012 will be the separation into 2 companies. As Miles mentioned, we expect significant activity leading up to the separation as we disclose additional detail and meet with existing and potential new investors throughout the coming year. So in summary, in 2011, Abbott demonstrated strength through its sales and earnings growth and reported financial results generating total shareholder return, as Miles mentioned, of approximately 22%. We delivered gross margin expansion and significant profitability improvements in many of our major business segments, as well as another record year of cash flow and dividends. As we move into 2012, we look forward to delivering another year of strong growth as we prepare to separate into 2 leading healthcare companies with unique investment identities. With that now, Hlne, we will take questions from the analysts.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question today is from Rick Wise from Leerink Swann.
Frederick A. Wise: Let me start with gross margin; outstanding. I guess, I'd ask Tom. What took so long to get here? It's such a major leap forward. Can you talk about a couple of points? Are the efficiency initiatives completed? What more is there to be done? How sustainable is this? And maybe just help us understand a little better why maybe the sequential dip in first quarter and why it ramps through 2012?
Thomas C. Freyman: Sure. Well, we've been talking a long time about a number -- really the focus of the entire company and every single business on improving gross margin. And as we've also talked about over the last couple years, it's -- our progress, our underlying progress has really been masked by some of the pricing pressures in pharma through healthcare reforms and austerity in Europe, as well as an occasional generic issue. And what's really been going on in the business has really been quite good. And I think this quarter, as we moved into the fourth, you're really starting to see the benefits of that play through. And we do expect this to continue into next year. For 2011, we finished with an ongoing gross margin a little under 61%. And as I indicated in my remarks, we should be approaching 62% next year, and that's despite the effect of TriCor and the slowdown of Niaspan. So as we talk about the operating margins in the business and when you see those operating margins in the 10-K when we file it in a few weeks, you're going to see that most of the businesses are making very nice progress, and we expect it to continue longer-term. So we do expect this improvement of at least one point next year overall despite the headwinds. And we expect continuing improvement beyond 2012 because every division is focused on it, every plan. And including, for example, the program Miles went through in nutrition has pretty detailed plans on how to get there, and we're very focused on executing it.
Frederick A. Wise: Second question, let me turn to the stent business if I could. It's sort of half-related to the margin question. As promised, volume declines. Can you talk a little bit about how you keep margins whole? Is it all through the uptick of the new products and XIENCE PRIME? And maybe any just broader perspective about your view of the market outlook for 2012 and growth and pricing pressures and how youre -- what you've dialed into your numbers.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, overall, I mean, obviously, we are offsetting the PROMUS effect with product mix improvements and really business mix improvements. And so just like the other headwinds, when you net it all out, we are showing an overall improvement. In terms of the overall environment, clearly, in particular, the pharma business went through the austerity period in Europe and the U.S. healthcare reform. But we've seen a bit of a more stable outlook for 2012. Certainly, weve factored in some degree of adjustments in our forecast. But I think 2010 and 2011 were a bit of a step function, and we expect that aspect of pricing, et cetera, to be a little more normal in 2012.
John B. Thomas: Yes. So Rick, we would expect -- as you know, price declines have moderated, so from year-over-year high single-digit declines, which we saw last year, it's more in the mid single-digit range, which is encouraging. And in addition to what Tom said, we would obviously expect to pick up a lot of that business with XIENCE PRIME, which we continue to sell and market in the U.S. and outside the U.S. And now that we have nano and PRIME, we have the full complement of ranges and sizes and lengths that's not always available with some of the other competitors. And that's one of the reasons why we've done so well internationally. We keep talking about the fact that this business has grown to more than 50% internationally, where double-digit growth is the norm in a lot of these key emerging markets for us, as well as some other more developed Western Europe countries as well, where we continue to take share with PRIME. So I think those things plus the MitraClip, x U.S. run rate, is now at roughly $100 million on an annual basis, and that's helping as well.
Thomas C. Freyman: Rick, I'd say one last thing. Clearly, as PROMUS pulls out of the market and really if we're going to have 2 independent products as opposed to the same product, that is going to bring a better dynamic to the DES market for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Weinstein from JPMC.
Michael N. Weinstein: Miles, let me ask you, I guess, the tough question first. Going back a year ago on the fourth quarter of '10 call, someone had asked you about 2012, which was setting up to be a difficult year, and whether you thought sustaining 10% EPS growth was still achievable. And you had commented at that time that, that was still your goal. And then someone asked you at the October analyst meeting on the spin announcement whether the double-digit EPS goal was still an appropriate target. And your answer at that point in time was, yes, you thought that was still an appropriate goal. But then today's guidance is 6% to 8% EPS growth for 2012. So can you comment on that? And has anything in your view changed that makes 6% to 8% the appropriate target for this year versus the 10-plus percent before?
Miles D. White: Yes, I think that's a pretty simple answer. I think everybody is aware the single biggest thing that's changed is exchange. There's been a pretty big shift in currency in the last 3 to 4 months here. And that's the single biggest part of any change in our expectations going forward really.
John B. Thomas: The other thing I'd note too, Mike, as you know, is our guidance of $4.95 to $5.05 brackets what the first call consensus is right now, which is $5.02.
Michael N. Weinstein: Understood. So Tom, maybe you just want to add to that. So Tom, you think that the FX impact right now and the bottom line for 2012 would be a negative 2 to 4 points?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, I mean, we factored these rates in, and clearly, that had an impact on the progression of our forecast as we worked through the fourth quarter and worked on our plan. And these rates have definitely affected us, and that's in our numbers for 2012.
Michael N. Weinstein: Okay. Any additional sensitivity you can give us on that, Tom, just so we can think about it going forward? Obviously, if the dollar weakens or strengthens from here, we can think about the potential impact on the company's bottom line. I think historically people have viewed Abbott as being relatively insulated, absent some of the currencies where you can't hedge, like Latin America.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, as we -- the closer we get to a year, the more -- the less exposed we are to currency. And that has to do with the way exchange rates get into inventories and some of our other natural positions. So the further out you are, the harder it is to forecast. The closer you get into a year, it gets a little less -- a little more predictable. And I feel like we're in pretty good shape here. And certainly, it's manageable. Even if rates do go up or down, I think we can manage 2012 within this guidance range.
Michael N. Weinstein: Okay, 2 other maybe quick follow-ups. One, could you just talk about HUMIRA in the quarter and then focus really on the U.S., which was obviously very, very strong? Just would like to get your sense of the -- if there's anything in there that aided the quarter because it's obviously well above recent trends. And then second, the FX impact on gross margin is a bit tough. Obviously, it helped a little bit this quarter. In that 2012 guidance for gross margin improvement, how much is FX a factor on that line?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes. On HUMIRA, nothing unusual in the U.S. The script rates are strong. And when you look at the overall dynamics on the product growth, it's very much in line with expectations there. For 2012, I'd say a modest part of the margin improvement is exchange. And there's a lot of -- the majority of it is operating performance, the cost-reduction programs that we've talked about, efficiencies, product mix and the like.
John B. Thomas: Yes. Mike, the only thing I'd add to there on the HUMIRA is what we said in the past and what we talked about in October at the meeting and Rick talked about is the differentiation of HUMIRA in terms of breadth of indications, depth of clinical data, our differentiating efficacy and safety profile, our strong managed care position. Derm share has been picking up nicely, as is gastro share. Those have all combined to make this what we think is a durable growth vehicle going forward. I think some of the expectations and uncertainty around some of the other products in the market have dissipated as more data has come out on things like orals and so forth. And so we've seen competition in the past. Every year since we've had this product, there have been multiple products that have been in the market. HUMIRA continues to shine in terms of its overall profile. And so we don't expect anything to change that overall trajectory of strong double-digit growth here, particularly for this year.
Miles D. White: Mike, this is Miles again. I can't help but chuckle here because I recall in October, you advocating to me that we should take a more cautious view of earnings growth in 2012. And I'm wondering if you had some prescient view of exchange. And if you had, I wish you'd said so.
Michael N. Weinstein: No, if that's the case, I wouldn't be on this call. I'd be doing something else. Actually, the conservatism is -- for me is, as you know, is top and bottom line, just setting a bar that's reasonable and achievable.
John B. Thomas: Yes. And I'd also say, too, Mike. You know this. I mean, the other countries are also discussing the impact of foreign exchange. And I think when all the companies report at the end of the day, like is usually the case, in a week or 2, our growth on a relative basis will be strong and in the upper half of the group.
Miles D. White: I think I could add to that. I'm pretty happy with what I see in the operating performance of the company right now on so many dimensions. I'm happy with the commercial performance of a lot of our businesses. There's still places we can make improvements, no question. But I think, in general, I'm very pleased with what I call the operating execution. And I'm pleased to see, even earlier than I might have expected, some of the impact on gross margin because I do expect even greater improvement because I think there's a couple of target-rich opportunities for us in the businesses to improve our margins so that's a good thing. While we've got a lot of these product launches or registrations underway, with both EPD, and frankly, even our Nutrition business internationally, we had 52 new products launched in the Nutrition business last year, which is very important to filling out the product lines and the strategies and the countries. And so we've got a lot of really good things going on. Now we know that we'll experience the beginning of our lipid franchise going generic this year. HUMIRA's growth and momentum will, I think, nicely offset that to a large degree. There's actually a lot of good fundamental things going on here that I think position us well actually in both companies. So exchange is little harder to predict. If it goes better than we think, we'll be happy. And if it doesn't, we'll do everything we can to adjust to it. But I think with all the moving parts of the businesses right now, I think this is the prudent place to be. That's the one thing we can't control very well.
Operator: Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David R. Lewis: Miles, I wanted to come back to Hep C, where you made some interesting comments. I think one of the interesting things when you started talking more about your Hep C program earlier this year was the diversity of that program. And I guess, as you look out at the next 3 to 5 years in terms of the multitude of players that are getting more active in this market, are you comfortable with your organic program or internal program on Hep C as you see the market developing over the next 3 to 5 years?
Miles D. White: Yes, I think so. I mean, I think that there's been an awful lot of attention paid to everybody in the category. And I think we surprised some people when we exposed our program in more detail in October. I mean, we've obviously seen a -- so we said changing competitive response out there. I think we've got a really promising program here. And we like what we're holding. Well, I think as you've seen from the -- well, it's fair to say, some of the reaction out there, it's a highly valued segment. And I observe that, and I think, man, if that's how people think of it, the value of our pipeline must be astronomical. I mean, we have all the types of assets we need. I'm very pleased with what we've got and the potential for it as it particularly impacts patients and the disease. So yes, I'm very hopeful and very optimistic about the program and very excited about it for the pharma business.
John B. Thomas: Yes. And as a reminder, Dave, we talked about this in October. But we did show some of that first 12-week course of therapy. It's a smaller subset of patients, but it did demonstrate that 90% cure rate, and most importantly, without interferon. And we think that's critical obviously to these new therapies and where we're going and the promise of our program. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we're going to present some of the initial Phase IIb full data set later this fall and also in the spring.
David R. Lewis: Okay, very helpful, John. And maybe one more strategic here for Miles and maybe one for Tom. Miles, I know it's early, but you did mention a restatement of your prior remarks, which is that you are committed to a total dividend for both assets that's equivalent to the prior dividend. I guess, is it still too early to suggest that -- is it a reasonable assumption to assume that of the 2 assets, we see, generally speaking, a higher relative dividend on the pharma asset, and generally speaking, perhaps more debt on the pharmaceutical asset relative to the diversified asset?
Miles D. White: Yes. It's too early for me to comment on any of that. I think when we're ready later in the year to put out the split of the economics of the companies and all those sorts of things, we'll address it then. But yes, it's too premature. The main thing is, look, our investors have come to rely on and expect a certain cash return. And we're well aware that the profiles of the 2 businesses, which frankly owes to the different investment identity of the 2 businesses, would suggest they would not be necessarily identical on a lot of dimensions. So I understand the nature of the question. I think we'll deal with it when the time comes. But look, they are 2 different investment identities. We understand the question, and we'll have an answer for you later in the year. But in the meantime, our investors, in addition to the growth profile we provide, do expect a certain cash return that's a combination of dividend and/or share repurchase from time to time. And what we do know is that because investors will initially hold both shares, it's important for us to make sure there's no diminution of that cash return to investors. How we split it remains to be seen.
David R. Lewis: Okay, very helpful, Miles. And just real quickly, Tom. Youve talked a lot about Nutritionals and opportunity for margin expansion, which seems very clear. And Miles also reiterated it. But from a top line growth perspective, are you comfortable with where the current growth profile of the Nutritional business and the current market share for Nutritionals sort of post the recall? Are we sort of back to where you want to be? Or is there still significant room for upside in either growth reacceleration or share?
Miles D. White: David, you've got 2 different markets. There's the U.S. market, and then there's the international market. And of course, there's 2 different markets internationally, 1 Europe, 1 the rest of the world. The U.S. market for Nutritionals is not particularly a growth market as a market. But our team has done really well there. We have regained all the share that was impacted by the recall. And they've done a nice job in the U.S. of gaining share relative to competition over the last several years. But the U.S. market for infant nutrition is a declining market, slightly declining. At least for the last couple of years, it has been. And we've gained share against that headwind and grown. So do I expect to see the same kind of performance out of our business? I will say that is certainly what we press for. It's a well-performing business. I like the plans; I like the team; I like the product portfolio. I think it's a well-executing team. So I expect to continue to see good performance out of the U.S. The growth profile overseas, I think, should improve. And I think it's already a strong growth profile, but there's a tailwind of market growth there, too, particularly in emerging markets. And I think in addition to margin expansion, there's a growth expansion expectation that I expect to see here over time as we fill out the product offerings and the product lines in the given geography. So I think this business has an awful lot of opportunity for us going forward here.
Operator: Our next question is from Rajeev Jashnani from UBS.
Rajeev Jashnani: Just on the gross margin guidance, I guess, given the pending split, perhaps you could tell us a little bit about more where the margin expansion is coming from, whether it's the pharma side or the diversified side first.
Thomas C. Freyman: I'd say the pharma side is relatively stable. You have HUMIRA continuing to grow, which is a solid product, and we do have the kind of the slowdown in the lipids, so fairly neutral on pharma and better progress in the diversified businesses.
Rajeev Jashnani: Okay. And secondly, this  Ill apologize in advance; it might be a tough question. But Miles, I was wondering if you could comment on what you intend to do with your shares in the pharma company post the split. Would you intend to hold them? Or would there be potential conflicts of interest there that -- or other reasons that might prevent you from doing so?
Miles D. White: No conflicts of interest. I intend to hold them. I'm confident for both companies.
Operator: Our next question is from Barbara Ryan from Deutsche Bank.
Barbara A. Ryan: So maybe as you talk about -- and I can understand the huge undertaking of splitting the 2 businesses. But can you give us some sense of timing beyond later this year and just in terms of seeing numbers for the different businesses? And how would you envision that coming out? Would it come out with a quarterly earnings release? Any more color on that would be really helpful.
Thomas C. Freyman: Sure. So I think the next big data point will be the submission of the Form 10, which we expect by the later part of the first half. As you know, that's where we basically carve out the proprietary pharma business historically in a way that -- as if it had been an independent company during that period. That's a pretty extensive process. To go through that, we have to obviously -- we're just finishing the closing of the books for 2011. We've now completed that, and now we are in the process of going through a carve-out and audit procedure to come up with that Form 10 information. So that would be the first data point. And in the meantime, we'll be refining our outlook for the remainder of '12 and going into 2013 for the 2 businesses, and we'll be able to talk more prospectively about them. And you can expect increasing investor relations activity in the second half of the year in the timeframe consistent with completing the separation by the end of the year. So Miles and Rick and the various management teams will be out interacting and talking about the future outlook for these companies in that timeframe.
John B. Thomas: Yes. Barbara, the only thing I'm going to add there is on the Form 10, I would just caution everybody that, that is going to be a historical document. And as we work to separate the businesses and the products and so forth, youll have to be a little careful at the time of that document that you don't extrapolate that forward too much and draw too many conclusions. Separately, when we do the roadshows for these businesses, we'll talk about outlooks and things like that. So just be a little careful with that information. We can help you at the time of it. It serves a purpose, but it shouldn't be misconstrued in the wrong way about forward-looking projections and...
Barbara A. Ryan: Okay, I guess, part of that is the capital structure that each company would have going forward versus the past.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes. To John's point, the historical capital structure of the 2 businesses in the Form 10 will be quite different than what the capital structure of these companies will be in the future. That's just one example of the types of things we're going to have to help investors through.
Operator: Our next question is from Tony Butler from Barclays Capital.
Charles Anthony Butler: Miles, I wanted to ask one question to you and then one for Tom, if I may. You've given some lofty guidance or some thoughts around the Molecular Diagnostics business in the future. And if you take away 2012, can you help us understand how that business is going to grow? Is it organic or will there be external adds to that business? And moreover, if it's true that Roche happens to consolidate some sort of sequencing business, do they get an edge in the molecular side? Or is that really irrelevant to your vision of Molecular Diagnostics in the future? And the second question again for Tom is I think you made a comment about resuming share repurchases in '12. What is the existing authorization?
Thomas C. Freyman: I'll take the second question first. We have about $3.4 billion remaining under the authorization, so we're in good shape to execute what would be appropriate during 2012.
John B. Thomas: And as far as the molecular business, Tony, as you know, that's been a great business for us. We're definitely an emerging leader in that business. It's about $450 million in sales in '11, growing to what we expect will be more than $1 billion by roughly 2015. And we factored in all of the different situations there in products and so forth that you're talking about. So we expect continued strong double-digit growth here in 2012, as well as over the LRP for that business.
Operator: Our next question is from Sara Michelmore from Brean Murray.
Sara Michelmore: Just a follow-up on the EPD business. I'm just wondering that, I guess, that mid single-digit growth trajectory you're expecting for '12 struck me as maybe a little bit on the low side. And I was just wondering if you could help us kind of compare and contrast to kind of what the underlying growth was in 2011. Is that a similar rate of growth or an uptick? And then Miles, you have talked a lot about all these filings and that, that should improve the growth prospects going forward. Is that something that we could see kind of come to bear in the second half of this year? Or is that more of a 2013 or even a 2014 type of event?
Miles D. White: Yes, I think you got 2 things happening here. In the mix of the EPD business or Established Pharmaceuticals, there's a chunk that is generics in Western Europe. And that business has been under the kind of pressure, austerity pressure we've seen in Europe. And so the kind of growth that we've seen in pure emerging markets has been pretty significant double-digit, and that's with only a modest number of these registrations done. So you've got 2 things happening here. Over the course of 2012, there will be, in addition to the couple of hundred that were filed in the second half of 2011, a lot of filings in a lot of these countries that are our targeted geographies around the world, particularly in emerging markets. And as you would imagine, it will take some time to establish those. So I think you'll see some of that late in the year, but I think probably you'll really see the impact of it moving into '13 and beyond. So while we'll be watching for it, do we get the filings done and do we get them done on time and do we get them done in the mass that we intend to in the various countries and so forth, the real financial impact of that will be as they take hold and grow beyond that, which is probably more likely to be visible to you in a '13 timeframe. And at the same time, we're going to have to, by growing those markets, dilute, we'll call it, the austere impact of that chunk of business in Western Europe.
Thomas C. Freyman: And I'll just add. I think if you were to look at normalized growth rates in 2011 versus '12, you'd see roughly mid single digits in both. And one thing to keep in mind is this organization's been in place a little more than one year. They're just in the very early innings of execution and driving additional growth out of the portfolio, and as Miles said, adding more and more products to the portfolio. So you're going to see decent growth this year with very strong emerging markets and accelerating, we believe, as we go into 2013 and beyond. And as we said back in October, we think that overall, probably mid- to upper-type growth is what you should see in this established business over the longer term.
Sara Michelmore: Okay, that's really helpful. And then Tom, you did say that the company would again be in the market doing share buybacks. And I get that there's a lot of management resources being spent on the spin right now. But I was hoping if just you could -- you or Miles could comment on kind of your thoughts on M&A. I look at that diversified medical products business in particular, and think there's a lot of tuck-in or other type of asset acquisitions that you could do that could further enhance what you have there. So just curious if M&A is off the table for 2012 or if you're still out there kind of actively looking at things.
Miles D. White: Yes, okay. I'll take that, Sara. I don't think I'd say it's off the table per se. But I would say this, philosophically, I'm not looking for -- we're not looking for big significant things. I mean, I'd point out to you, we did the Reata transaction or deal after our announcement of split. I think we're always vigilant, looking, analyzing, et cetera, in all of our businesses. We'll always be focused on pipeline enhancements for pharma because I think you practically always have to be. I don't think there's a particularly robust opportunity set out there today. I think it's pretty limited, and I think valuations are, let's call it, stratospheric and difficult to justify at this point. So I think it's very easy to be selective right now on the pharma side. But I know that Rick and his team and our organization are constantly looking for additional enhancements to our pharma portfolio. On the device side, I think you characterized it well. You might call it tuck-in or you might call it geographically opportunistic. There's a few very targeted things that we're interested in. I would call them focused and smaller. As a matter of generality, I'm not looking for big deals. And I think, to be realistic -- and I agree with our investors on this point. I think our investors would say look, unless you got some really great boy-you-can-hardly-stand-it opportunity, husband your cash. There's better things to do with your cash. And our investors in these kind of economic times value cash return or holding and accumulating some cash, and we are. So I'm not looking for places to go spend it necessarily unless something is really compelling. And I'd say right now, my push in the organization is a much greater focus on organic performance, on organic execution. We were very busy in M&A activities for the past several years. As Tom was answering about Established Pharmaceuticals a few moments ago, they've gone through a pretty significant integration of our legacy Abbott business, Solvay, Piramal, our arrangement with Zydus in India. And in the process of integrating that into a single division, they also separated it from the proprietary pharma business. So that was a pretty big effort in the organization. It's important in all of these businesses to make sure that they're operating at their best organically and particularly in R&D. And I think philosophically, every now and then, it's good to pause, soak it up and make sure that everything organically is working well, whether it's your R&D system, your innovation, your gross margin performance, et cetera, and we're very focused on that. I think when that's all in good shape, you're well integrated or separated. As the case may be, the foundation for your M&A activity is stronger. And so right now, I'd say our focus is very much internal, very much operational. But if the right circumstances come along for whether it's tuck-in or nice adjunctive add, we'll respond to it. But I think in that long, rambling answer, you can kind of hear that we're being very selective.
Operator: Our final question today is from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Just 2 here. First, I was encouraged to see that you guys settled the AndroGel patent cases with Teva and Perrigo. Should we assume that the terms are similar to the Watson timeline, I think 2015 or so?
Miles D. White: Yes, Larry, we did have settlements with both of those parties, but the terms of those are confidential.
Larry Biegelsen: So no update on kind of when we should assume kind of a generic launch?
Miles D. White: In October, we talked about 2015, and we feel good about 2015.
Larry Biegelsen: Great. And lastly, on emerging markets, the $2.5 billion for the quarter, what was the year-over-year constant currency growth rate? I mean, the last time you gave that number for emerging markets, you had $2.6 billion, I think, in the second quarter of '11. The growth rate would be helpful.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, there definitely was currency affecting all sales in the quarter. But on a constant currency basis, for the diversified companies, it was up in excess of 10%, so double-digit growth there. And again, we define emerging markets pretty broadly. And in the proprietary business, there were some tender ins and outs between the third and fourth quarter. So it was little less robust in the proprietary business in the quarter.
John B. Thomas: Okay, thank you. And that concludes our conference call today. A replay will be available after 11 a.m. Central Time on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. And after 11:00 Central Time, via telephone at (203) 369-1366, confirmation code 33692. The audio replay will be available until 4 p.m. Central Time on Wednesday, February 8, and the IR team is always available. Thank you for joining us today. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded by Abbott.  With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs.
John B. Thomas: Thanks, Elan. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Today, we're going to be discussing 2 important Abbott news events. First, our announcement to separate into 2 independent publicly-traded companies, one in diversified medical products and the other in research-based pharmaceuticals. And second, we'll be talking about our strong third quarter ongoing earnings results. Joining me on today's call is Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Rick Gonzalez, Executive Vice President Global Pharmaceuticals and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations. Miles and Rick will review the strategic rationale related to our announcement this morning, as well as provide an overview of each of these new companies and their investment identities. Tom will discuss certain financial aspects and conclude with a brief review of our third quarter results, which we summarized today to allow for sufficient time to discuss today's other major announcements. Details on our third quarter can be found in our earnings news release. Following our comments today of course, we'll take any questions you have as always. I'd also note that we posted a 12-page slide deck to our Abbott website this morning at www.abbottinvestor.com, and this deck summarizes the details of our announcement this morning regarding the separation. In addition, this morning, I'm pleased to announced that we will be hosting a 2-hour Investor Meeting this coming Friday in New York. Miles, Rick Gonzalez, Tom Freyman, as well as Dr. John Leonard, our Head of Pharmaceutical Research and Development will be in attendance, along with myself, Larry and some other people from our Investor Relations and Media Department. At Friday's meeting, we'll discuss the growth opportunities in Abbott's diversified medical products business, as well as growth opportunities in the research-based pharmaceutical company. We're going to walk you through the pharmaceutical pipeline in more detail and we'll spotlight certain programs that we're particularly enthused about, including early data from our HCV trials and Rick will talk about -- more about that in a minute. So given that you're going to hear from us this coming Friday, we're going to try to limit and focus our call today and try to keep it to approximately an hour. Before we get started, let me remind you that some statements may be forward-looking, including the planned separation of the research-based  pharmaceutical company from the diversified medical products company and the expected financial results of the 2 companies after separation. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements, and there is no assurance as to the timing of the planned separation or whether it will be completed. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A - Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and then the interim reports filed on Form 10-Q for subsequent quarterly periods. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. On today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release, as well as regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. And with that, I'm now pleased to turn the call over to Miles. Miles?
Miles D. White: Okay, thanks, John. Good morning.  As you can see from our strong third quarter results, Abbott delivered another quarter of strong performance across our mix of businesses. Our ongoing earnings per share growth was more than 12%, as we've now posted double-digit growth in 17 of our last 18 quarters. We'll generate similar performance for the full year, which will again place us among the top performers in our peer group. So we're pleased with our consistent financial performance. But as evidenced by today's other important news, we are taking a significant next step in aligning our long-term strategic goals with our shareholders' best interest. Today's announcement to separate into 2 publicly-traded companies in diversified medical products and research-based pharmaceuticals is a logical step in the further evolution of our company. Over the past 12 years, our actions have dramatically reshaped Abbott. Let me give you some background and examples. Since 1998, Abbott has nearly quadrupled in revenues to nearly $40 billion in annual sales. During that same 12-year period, we shifted our geographic sales mix from what was more than 60% U.S.-based sales in 1998 to more than 60% international sales today. In 2001, the reshaping of our pharmaceutical business began in earnest when we purchased Knoll Pharmaceuticals, which included an R&D program that's now called by its well-known commercial name HUMIRA. As you know, HUMIRA is on track to soon become the world's leading biologic for autoimmune diseases with annual sales this year of approximately $8 billion. And today, our total research-based pharmaceutical business generates nearly $18 billion in annual sales. In 2006, we globalized our leading Nutritionals business to sharpen its focus and better capture international growth opportunities and it worked. We doubled the division's international sales over the last 5 years. Also in 2006, we acquired Guidant vascular and subsequently built our existing vascular business into a leading interventional cardiology company, headlined by the number one global drug-eluting stent brand XIENCE. In the last 4 years, we've also rebuilt our core diagnostic business to deliver higher returns, doubling its operating margin and significantly improving its cash flow. So these are just some of the actions that we've taken over the last decade. More recently, we've moved to advance our strategy with an eye toward 2 major initiatives: rapid expansion in fast-growing emerging markets and a concerted effort to reenergize and retool our research and development pipeline. To that end, we significantly accelerated our emerging markets presence with the acquisitions of Solvay and Piramal Healthcare Solutions, the latter of which has positioned Abbott as the largest pharmaceutical company in India, the second fastest growing pharmaceutical market in the world. We also created a new Established Pharmaceuticals division, a separate, fully integrated $5-billion branded generics pharmaceutical business that provides the infrastructure to expand in emerging markets. And we aggressively rebuilt our late stage research-based pharmaceutical pipeline through concentrated internal R&D efforts, as well as strategic in-licensing and late stage collaboration. In the last 4 years alone, we've tripled the number of new molecular entities. And in the last 2 years, we've doubled our late stage programs. Each of these major strategic changes, plus other advancements that we've made along the way has continually strengthened Abbott to better compete in our ever changing healthcare environment. The news we announced today to separate into 2 independent companies is driven by the same disciplined, deliberate and aggressive process. As John mentioned, we'll be hosting an Investor Meeting in New York this Friday morning to further discuss today's news, including details on the 2 companies' growth prospects and new product pipelines, which offer both companies the opportunity for stronger and more sustainable growth. So, given our 2-hour Analyst Meeting in Friday, we're going to keep our comments brief today, touching on only the strategic rationale, the key benefits to shareholders and a summary of each respective company's unique investment identity. The strategic rationale and action behind today's announcement is the result, as I said, of a deliberate and exacting process and part of the strategic evolution that's been underway for quite some time. We're now ready to separate into 2 independent, publicly-traded companies because the investment identity and the operating model of each separate enterprise is very different from the other.  It's just that simple and straightforward. Our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business is more research intensive than the rest of Abbott and that's by design based on its business needs and strong sources of cash flow and earnings power. As you're all aware, pharmaceutical and biologic companies have to produce innovative medical treatments that demonstrate clear patient benefits. These specialized proprietary medicines are more often used in the developed world, including the U.S. and Europe, where best-in-class therapies generate significant demand. The majority of revenues for this new pharma company will be generated from developed markets with 45% of revenues outside the United States. So that's a snapshot of the new Proprietary Pharmaceuticals company. The Abbott diversified medical products company has countless sources of high-growth opportunities that are well-balanced across literally hundreds of different product brands, different business franchises and different payers. The pipeline includes dozens of game-changing medical technologies, next-generation diagnostic systems and devices, newly-formulated nutritional brands and an array of other incremental enhancements such as consumer-friendly packaging, new product flavors and other meaningful brand initiatives. The diversified medical products company will embody a vast portfolio of medical technologies and consumer Nutritionals that will resonate in the developed world, but even more importantly, in the most rapidly growing emerging markets where Abbott is well positioned. We've taken actions over the last several years to pick up our pace of expansion into international markets that offer the most promising growth prospects based on improving socio-economic conditions. This is nowhere more evident than in the key BRIC countries such as India. Abbott is the #1 company in India because we moved quickly on a unique asset in Piramal Healthcare Solutions. It was a rare opportunity, so we acted fast and we're pleased that we did. So in summary, there's no question that both our research-based pharmaceutical and diversified medical products businesses have evolved over time in very different ways into 2 very distinct and compelling investment identity. For example, the new pharmaceutical company is today generating nearly $18 billion in annual sales. It's delivered market-leading performance, including double-digit top line growth in 4 of the last 5 years. That performance was built on a sustainable mix of well-known prescription brands, including HUMIRA. Going forward, we've strengthened the pharmaceutical pipeline through more productive discovery and development, strategic in-licensing agreements and select late stage collaborations. This company will generate robust and sustainable cash flow with the flexibility to accelerate pipeline programs as needed and the ability to leverage breakthrough medications that can deliver meaningful benefits for patients. The end result should be strong and steady shareholder returns, including a competitive dividend policy. I'm pleased to announce today that the research-based pharmaceutical company which will be named at a later date will be led by Rick Gonzales, a 30-year Abbott veteran who currently serves as Executive Vice President of our Global Pharmaceutical business. Rick has served in numerous senior leadership positions throughout his Abbott career, including Head of our Medical Products business, and for several years as the company's President and Chief Operating Officer. Those investors who followed us over the years know that Rick is an experienced, well-respected senior leader within Abbott, as well as within the healthcare industry. I have every confidence that Rick will do an exceptional job as Chairman and CEO of the new Proprietary Pharmaceuticals company. I don't think it could be in better hands. I will continue to serve in my current position as Abbott's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. So let me quickly summarize what the new Abbott will look like and again, we'll talk more about this on Friday. Abbott as a diversified medical products company will generate revenues of approximately $22 billion in sales, supported by a multitude of durable high-growth franchises. Our portfolio will remain as well-balanced as it is today, with 4 major business segments, each roughly similar in size including Nutritionals, Established Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostics and Medical Devices, which encompasses our vascular devices, Vision Care and Diabetes Care businesses. Approximately 40% of our customer mix will be self-pay, making it generally less dependent on the U.S. economy. In fact, approximately 30% of total Abbott diversified medical product sales will be generated in the United States, with 70% of sales generated x U.S. Emerging markets sales will be the largest geographic component and nearly 40% of total Abbott diversified medical product sales. We'll continue to expand in emerging markets because that's where the growth is, and that growth is now 3x the growth rate of the developed world. We also plan to more effectively leverage the power of the Abbott corporate brand across each of these diversified medical product segments. For example, in our global Nutritionals and branded generics businesses, we'll take advantage of channel synergies to more efficiently reach our growing customer base. So what can investors expect from the diversified medical products company in terms of growth? Well, here's what I expect. I expect the company to deliver at least high single-digit sales growth and sustainable double-digit ongoing earnings per share growth, which should place it among the most attractive large cap healthcare investments. We'll achieve this with balanced success across Nutritionals, Established Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostics and Medical Devices. Nutritionals will be the largest business for now and one of the strongest global players in the industry with well-known brands such as Similac and Ensure. It generates high return on invested capital and very strong cash flow. We expect to grow our worldwide Nutritional sales at a double-digit pace, with a cadence of new product launches and increased penetration in key international markets such as China, India and Brazil. We'll also significantly improve both the gross margin and operating margin profile of this business. Our Established Pharmaceuticals Division or EPD is among the leading branded generics businesses in the world, generating more than $5 billion in sales from a portfolio that's composed of literally hundreds of different brands. EPD enjoys a significant commercial footprint and boast a registration pipeline of more than 1,000 individual products, which are beginning to launch now in numerous geographic markets. As a result, we expect EPD to generate sustainable, mid-to-high single-digit sales over the next several years with strong double-digit sales growth in the largest emerging markets. We'll continue to optimize its cost structure as well, driving efficiencies where needed. Our Global Diagnostics business includes the world's leading immunoassay and blood screening businesses, as well as our faster growing point of care and molecular diagnostic segments, which today are modest in size but will be meaningful to earnings in just a few short years. We expect molecular diagnostics, for example, to exceed $1 billion in sales by 2015. Our concerted effort to dramatically improve bottom line performance in diagnostics has resulted in steady operating margin expansion. That will continue as will better cash flow generation. And finally, we have Medical Devices. We define this segment with our global vascular business, our Diabetes Care business and our Vision Care business. As you know, our vascular business has a healthy and strong commercial presence that's defined by the industry's best-in-class drug-eluting stent XIENCE. In a matter of just a few short years, XIENCE and XIENCE PRIME have captured the #1 share position in what is a competitive DES global marketplace. But this is not just a XIENCE story, we have an industry-leading pipeline that contains upward of 20 new products with a near-term launch of XIENCE PRIME in the U.S. and a robust pipeline of DES, structural heart and endovascular development programs. These range from our bioresorbable vascular scaffold or BVS, which has the potential to restate the DES market, to our MitraClip  next-generation structural heart valve. In Diabetes Care, we'll continue to focus on the insulin-dependent patient, a segment where we're growing faster than any other competitor in the U.S. And in Vision Care, we expect to launch numerous new products and technology advancements over the next several years, with an eye toward operating margin expansion. In summary, the new diversified medical products company will maintain Abbott's heritage of financial strength with abundant sources of revenues and cash flows and considerable flexibility to invest in strategic priorities and new growth initiatives. The company will be a well-balanced blend of diverse healthcare businesses and new geographies driven by a broad mix of payers and unique base of customers, many of whom are living in high-growth emerging markets, where income levels are steadily on the rise along with socio-economic conditions. So with approximately $22 billion in sales, the diversified medical product should be without question one of the most attractive and largest healthcare investment opportunities. It should also be among the fastest growing. Abbott's high single-digit top line growth, coupled with continued margin expansion will deliver sustainable double-digit ongoing EPS. As the environment has changed, so too has our company. We've reshaped, advanced and grown Abbott in a manner that makes today's news possible. As a result of this separation, our shareholders will benefit from 2 new companies that have evolved into 2 distinct investment opportunities and identities. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Rick to discuss the new research-based pharmaceutical company in more detail. Rick?
Richard A. Gonzalez: Thank you, Miles, and good morning. As Miles indicated, our new research-based pharmaceutical company has a long track record of demonstrated commercial and operating strengths. These attributes position us well for sustainable performance going forward and help us succeed when we become an independent publicly-traded company. Having worked in leadership positions across Abbott for quite some time, including leading our pharmaceutical business for the last 2 years, I can tell you this is truly a very strong business. It's an organization with a long track record of industry-leading performance. This includes double-digit sales growth, 4 out of last 5 years, a significant accomplishment in today's healthcare environment. The fact that we have maintained such strong performance underscores the strength and experience of our pharmaceutical management team. We have industry-leading specialty-focused portfolios that include a mix of growth brands such as HUMIRA, as well as sustainable performers such as Synthroid and Lupron among others. Over the past several years, we built a promising R&D pipeline of specialty medicines, focused on important disease states such as Hepatitis C, chronic kidney disease, multiple sclerosis, oncology and other areas of significant medical need. Since I will providing a more detailed overview of our pharmaceutical business and R&D pipeline on Friday, I'll keep my message focused on 2 basic things today. First, the sustainable performance of our existing commercial portfolio. And second, a brief review of select highlights from our advanced late stage pharmaceutical pipeline. Our new research-based pharmaceutical company generates nearly $18 billion in annual sales today, driven by strong marketing presence and leadership positions across more than 20 major pharmaceutical brands. These include: HUMIRA, our market-leading biologic for immune diseases, which has an 8-year track record of commercial success; Kaletra and Norvir, Abbott discovery HIV protease inhibitors that changed the global landscape of HIV treatment; Synthroid for thyroid disease, one of the most widely-prescribed medicines that doctors choose to give their patients in the U.S.; Lupron, a market-leading therapy for prostate cancer, endometriosis and other conditions; Synagis, a biologic for infants suffering from respiratory disease; CREON, a leading therapy for conditions associated with cystic fibrosis; AndroGel, the #1 therapy for correcting low testosterone levels in men and numerous other medications. So let's start with HUMIRA, which will remain a significant growth driver for our new independent company. HUMIRA has the best-in-class profile, including a strong track record of demonstrated clinical performance, utility across a broad spectrum of indications and a well-established safety profile. And these strengths have played out in the marketplace as evidenced by HUMIRA's strong ongoing performance. Despite the entry of several new competitors over the last few years, HUMIRA continues to gain market share and demonstrate strong growth and there's plenty of runway left. As Miles said, this year we expect annual sales for HUMIRA to reach approximately $8 billion. This level of performance is a testament to the outstanding commercial execution, as well as the significant benefits HUMIRA delivers for a wide array of patients suffering from serious medical conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease, psoriasis and ankylosing spondylitis and others. I expect our organization to sustain this positive momentum as it drives to meet the demand in an expanding overall anti-TNF market, where penetration rates remain low across all 3 therapeutic areas: rheumatology, dermatology and GI. We will also add to our broad list of approved uses for HUMIRA with the launch of several new indications, as well as other product enhancements that we anticipate will further improve the overall patient experience. In addition to our proactive long-term growth strategy, we planned for some possible changes in the anti-TNF market; including the potential approval of an oral competitor, as well as the possible entry of biosimilars in the later years of our long-range plan. Orals and biosimilars may both someday have a place in the market, but their potential entry will not materially change HUMIRA's strong growth profile. HUMIRA will remain a growing sustainable and leading commercial global brand in the years to come. The global anti-TNF biologic market is significant and continues to grow nicely. In addition to HUMIRA, several other market-leading brands in our current portfolio will complement our total company sales growth story. To that end, we expect this portfolio, including HUMIRA's sustainable robust growth outlook to help us achieve an expected total top line growth profile for the new company of flat to low single-digit sales growth in 2013 and '14, consistent with Wall Street consensus and similar to our pharmaceutical peers. Factored into this growth outlook are realistic expectations for our more mature lipids franchise, which we've said in the past will see generic entrance beginning in mid-2012. And beginning in 2015, we expect our sales growth to accelerate based on HUMIRA's continued strong underlying growth, as well as the launch of new products from our late stage pipeline. So finally, let me touch briefly on select highlights from our pipeline, which I'll cover in more detail on Friday. Like all pharmaceutical and biotech companies, our business relies on a productive R&D engine, capable of generating a steady stream of products that serve unmet patient clinical needs. Over the past few years, we've rapidly advanced our internal programs such Hep C, and we've added 11 new assets through a concerted focus on strategic licensing, acquisitions and partnering activity. As a result, we've tripled the number of new molecular entities with more than 30 in human cynical trials today. We now have a total of 20 new compounds or indications in Phase II and Phase III development. Our focus is on medicines that hold promise in difficult to treat diseases with significant market opportunities. Our goal is to develop products that have strong clinical performance and deliver meaningful economic value in today's healthcare environment. Bardoxolone, a compound we license from Reata Pharmaceuticals is a great example of this. This treatment which is in Phase III development for chronic kidney disease has the potential to dramatically change the treatment landscape. Current therapies only modestly slow the progression of the disease, while bardoxolone has the potential to markedly improve patient outcomes. We expect commercialization for bardoxolone as early as 2014. In neuroscience, we're addressing conditions such as Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's, schizophrenia, pain and MS. Daclizumab, our next generation biologic for MS is in Phase III development. Our recently announced results from our Phase II registrational trial suggest that daclizumab may offer patients the right balance of high efficacy and a manageable safety profile. We expect to launch in 2015. I'm also particularly enthused about our internal Hepatitis C development program.  Our compounds have the potential to dramatically change how patients are treated today, by improving tolerability and cure rates and significantly shortening therapy duration. We're projecting market entry in 2015 for a triple combination HCV therapy. On Friday for the first time, we'll give you a preview of some select early-stage data from our HCV program. These 3 opportunities alone, bardoxolone, daclizumab and HCV, can together generate multibillion-dollar peak year sales if successful. In addition, we have other promising medicines progressing through our pipeline and we'll discuss some of these on Friday as well. In summary, we have a very compelling opportunity to create a new independent publicly-traded pharmaceutical company, with a distinct identity for our shareholders. Today, we're very fortunate to have a unique sustainable growth driver in HUMIRA, one of the most successful pharmaceutical products of all time, as well as leadership positions in a host of other sustainable global commercial brands. We also expect to see meaningful contributions from our pipeline in the coming years. In the meantime over the next 12 months, we will focus on running the global Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business within Abbott just as we would normally. As you know, this business has strong margins and generates robust sustainable cash flow. As an independent company, this financial strength provides the opportunity for healthy returns to shareholders, including an industry competitive dividend. With that, let me turn the call over to Tom for some transaction details.
Thomas C. Freyman: Thanks, Rick. Let me review some of the key aspects of the transaction as we see them today. We expect to accomplish the separation through a tax-free distribution to shareholders. At the time of separation, Abbott's then current shareholders will own 100% of both publicly-traded companies. The final distribution ratio will be determined later in the process. We expect the separation to be completed by the end of next year, subject to regulatory approval and final approval of the distribution of shares of the new company by our Board of Directors. Both companies are expected to have strong balance sheets and cash flow to support the strong investment-grade credit rating. Credit ratings for the 2 companies will be determined by the rating agencies based upon financial projection and capital structures that will be determined in the coming months. We'd expect a tender for a portion of the current Abbott long-term debt outstanding in conjunction with this transaction funded with debt issued by the new pharmaceutical company. It's expected that Abbott and the new pharmaceutical company will pay a dividend, that when combined, would equal the Abbott dividend at the time of separation. We expect to incur onetime separation costs, including bond refinancing costs over the course of the separation process. These costs will be quantified at a future date and will be treated as onetime items in our quarterly reporting. As a result, there's no impact from this separation to our 2011 ongoing earnings per share guidance. The complete audited financial statements that will result in a 3-year financial history for the new pharmaceutical company, this information will be part of a Form 10 filing which is targeted to occur in the next few months. And finally, we expect to complete this process in an efficient manner given the experience in integration and separation that we built over the years. I'll close our prepared remarks with a brief summary of our third quarter earnings release. As you've now seen, we reported very strong third quarter results that beat the Street estimates and were at the high-end of our forecast. We delivered another quarter of double-digit sales and ongoing earnings growth, with ongoing earnings per share of $1.18, up 12.4%. And we confirmed our full year outlook for double-digit ongoing EPS growth in 2011. Sales growth in the quarter was 13.2%, including a favorable 5.3% impact from exchange rates. Organic sales growth in the quarter was nearly 7%. The majority of our major businesses have delivered double digit reported sales growth. This includes more than 15% growth for Durable Growth businesses, driven by double-digit growth in Nutritional, Core Laboratory Diagnostics, Diabetes Care and Established Pharmaceuticals. Our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business also delivered strong growth, with reported sales up more than 13%. This reflects impressive worldwide performance for HUMIRA, which increased nearly 26% on a reported basis and more than 18% excluding exchange. HUMIRA is on track to exceed the sales guidance of high teens growth that we raised just last quarter. In our innovation-driven device businesses, sales increased 6%, including continued double-digit growth in molecular diagnostics and double-digit international growth in vascular and medical optics. And emerging markets continued to represent a significant growth contributor with sales in the quarter of $2.6 billion, an increase of 21% consistent with the high growth expectations we have for these markets. Regarding other aspects of the P&L in the quarter, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 60.4% ahead of our previous forecast driven by improved product mix. As reflected in higher SG&A expense, we increased our litigation reserves for previously disclosed litigation identified as a specified item in our earnings release. Turning to our full year outlook. Today, we're confirming our expectations for double-digit ongoing earnings per share growth for 2011 and narrowing our guidance range. Our guidance for the full year is $4.64 to $4.66, reflecting 11.5% growth at the midpoint of the range. For the fourth quarter, today, we're issuing ongoing earnings per share guidance of $1.43 to $1.45. The midpoint of this ongoing EPS range represents continued double-digit growth over the prior year. We forecast specified items of $0.30 in the fourth quarter, primarily reflecting integrations costs from past acquisitions and cost of previous restructuring actions. We're forecasting mid-to-high single-digit sales growth in the fourth quarter including a favorable effect from foreign exchange of approximately 1%, and a gross margin ratio approaching 61%. So in summary, while we delivered another strong performance in the quarter, more significantly we announced a major strategic change for Abbott. The separation of Abbott into 2 publicly-traded companies creates 2 enterprises that are well positioned in their respective markets. Abbott is expected to be one of the fastest-growing large cap diversified medical products company with a durable mix of products. And the research-based pharmaceutical company will be a leader in its industry with a strong and sustainable portfolio of specialty medicines and a promising pipeline. We believe that both of these companies will be attractive opportunities for investors. And with that, I'll turn the call back to John and we will take your questions.
John B. Thomas: Thanks, Tom. Elan, we're now ready to take questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin: I just wanted to ask a couple of questions. Just apart from splitting up the 2 businesses and getting the higher values for those businesses, obviously the device business has been under pressure, not under pressure but the multiple has reflected concerns around the HUMIRA franchise and therefore, you haven't gotten full value for some of your Durable Growth businesses. But aside from splitting up the businesses and getting what you would think, what you would imagine to be appropriate valuation for the 2 very distinct businesses with different risk and growth profiles going forward. Can you talk about some of the other advantages to breaking up such as how we should think about capital deployment, how we should think about operating margins of these businesses? I mean, one thing that we have noticed is that Abbott has a very large overhead or redundancy that I would think would be able to go away if you complete this transaction. So if you could just talk about some of the other efficiencies that you can create by splitting up the 2 companies. And then I have a question for Rick on the pharma business. I mean, clearly, HUMIRA was a big driver of the overall business and will be an even bigger driver in terms of its contribution to the Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business. With competition coming in the next year or 2 from tofacitinib, with competition from biosimilars, clearly this will be an issue and I'm just wondering if you could talk a bit about strategies you have in place to protect that franchise?
Miles D. White: Okay, Jami, that may be the longest question I've ever experienced in my 13 years. The fundamental -- let me just get by way of back on the -- the fundamental basis for the separation here. And I heard a comment this morning from another analyst source that causes me to want to make sure I make the point. We've always pursued a diverse model and we believe in that model and we believe in the diversity of the business and the growth opportunities it gives us and frankly, the reliability and sustainability over time. But whats happened here is we've been so successful in our Proprietary Pharma business over time. It's grown quite large. And frankly, arguably, I believe it will be very successful going forward. I think when the companies are split, I believe both will be valued at the top of their peer groups, but for very different reasons. In a portfolio of diverse companies, the characteristics of those businesses need to be similar. And as our Proprietary Pharma business has grown large, it has different characteristics and it's also quite dominant now in the portfolio. And I think that it's given the company clearly an identity of pharma with, oh by the way, you have these other diverse businesses. But as you can see by how we proposed to split, the company has $22 billion in a very diverse mix of similar characteristic businesses as I described, and a very successful Proprietary Pharma business that is delivering great returns and cash flows and has great potential and durability going forward, but it's a business that investors seeking return will look to. Investors who are looking for a large cap diverse double-digit grower aren't necessarily looking for the same type of investment identity as pharma. So what happens here as the pharma piece got so big and is different, that these 2 investments make sense separately and both are of a critical mass and size that they have great sustainability going forward as independent companies, et cetera. And as we divide them, their characteristics, their P&Ls, their balance sheets, et cetera, are quite different. The capital structure, I'll have Tom deal with in just a minute, but both have strong cash flows, both have strong pipelines of products, arguably, they're different. One is dependent on big products, one is dependent on hundreds or thousands of products over time. The diverse company will be dependent on a lot of market growth and international expansion.  The pharmaceutical company is still quite heavily a developed market company and it will too have emerging market opportunities, but it's very much a developed market game. So they become very different. And I think that both will be valued more accurately or frankly, appreciated more by investors. And I think we'll see that we attract investors who haven't been in our company or haven't invested in our stock, as we allow them the choice of these 2 distinct identities. I think there's opportunity for operating margin expansion and gross margin expansion, particularly in the diverse company. I think visibility to margins in the pharma company, what will compare quite favorably to its peer group. I think you'll see that. With regard to the overhead question you asked, I would say we're always looking at the opportunity to be more efficient. And given the distinctive separation of the companies, that is something that we will look at because there's a different mix for the pharma business and a different mix for the international-based diverse products business, and we will be looking for those opportunities to be a lot more efficient. That's about all I'd say about that at the time. But at this point, I think... [Audio Gap]
Thomas C. Freyman: The points I'd make and I think we made these points in the remarks. I mean both of these companies are going to have extremely strong cash flow, both of them are going to have very good balance sheet. It's going to give both companies a lot of options to use that cash flow. I mean, we've talked about our expectations on the dividend, then I -- there will continue to be a dividend in line with what Abbott is paying today is our current view. The one thing I'd point out on cash flow is between the 2 businesses and if you look at our amortization expense, which as you know is a fairly large item in our P&L, in the $1.4 billion range. More of the amortization relates to the diversified company than to the new pharmaceutical company, which means that the cash flows are even a little more balanced than the profit levels when you look between the 2 businesses. So both are healthy. They're going to have a lot of options and both managements will -- it's kind of a nice problem to have as they move forward as they consider what to do with those cash flows.
Jami Rubin: I was just wondering if Rick was going to address my question or we could wait until Friday, but that is going to be the key pushback in my opinion, which is the pharma business is now completely dominated by HUMIRA. And how, Rick, we should be thinking about that equation going forward with competition coming from tofacitinib and biosimilars 2016?
Richard A. Gonzalez: I think it's a very good question, Jami. I'd characterize it this way. So I'd start at the very top. If you look at where our pipeline starts to emerge in 2015 and beyond in a very meaningful way, it will add to the performance of the business above and beyond HUMIRA. If you look at the performance of HUMIRA, we believe that performance is very sustainable going forward. In fact, if you look back to 2007, HUMIRA has grown on average, $1.1 billion every year and we believe that is sustainable and actually slightly accelerating as we move from 2011 to 2012. Now what drives that is the ability to continue to penetrate the markets that we're in today like RA, like psoriasis, like Crohn's. Those markets are still tremendously underpenetrated. I'll give you an example. Psoriasis has a penetration rate of about 6%. Our most mature market, RA, has a penetration rate in the 20% range. And so the goal here and you've seen us introduce programs around the world that allow us to be able to drive the market to grow faster to early diagnosis of patients and then cycling them through less effective old therapies more rapidly. And you've seen that market growth particularly outside the U.S. emerge very, very rapidly, where the market is growing mid-teens in many countries around the world, even in Europe. And so there's still a lot of opportunity to drive growth for HUMIRA in the markets we're in today. Additionally, we have 6 indications that we are in the process of developing and submitting for HUMIRA. Those 6 indications will have a material impact on the growth of the product going forward. And they're likely to be indications that competition doesn't have, at least out of the blocks. So I would tell you that I feel very confident that HUMIRA has a lot of legs going forward and can continue to be a sustainable growth vehicle for us for a long, long time. Now let me address the competition. I'll start with orals first. As we look at this market, let's just say from a global standpoint. This is a very difficult market for competitors to break into. And you know the data as well as I do. So 6 competitors have entered the biologic market over the last 5 years. Not one of them has gotten over 3% market share collectively in total. All 5 of them have not gotten over 11% market share. So the 3 major players: us, Enbrel and Remicade control between 80% and 90% of this market. So it's a difficult market to break into because safety is a critical component, and those 3 products have the longest safety database of any products on the market and have very good efficacy. I mean, these drugs work well. They get the efficacy in patients that physicians want to see and patients want to have. And so this isn't a market that competitors break into easily, particularly if they don't have long-term safety data and very good safety data. Now, we don't know what the oral products labels going to look like. We've looked very carefully. I've looked very carefully at the data that has come out of their trials thus far and I'd say, I'd characterize it right now based on what I know, as roughly equivalent efficacy to HUMIRA or other TNFs. Safety profile that's similar to TNFs from an infection rate maybe slightly higher, it's hard to tell based on the data at this point. And then other safety questions thatll have to be addressed from labeling standpoint like increases in creatinine, increases in anemia that have caused patients to drop out and increases in LDL. I'd say based on what we believe the profile of a product has to be to get rapid uptake in the market, we're relatively comfortable with being able to defend our position against oral products. Biosimilars, I think are a different issue. First of all, as you know, our molecular patent doesn't expire until early 2017 in the U.S. and 2018 in Europe, so we feel that the product is very well-protected to that point. We have numerous IP patents from a process standpoint that go beyond that. We'll have to see which of those is applicable to any competitor that comes forward. From a regulatory standpoint, clearly in the U.S., the regulatory path is still undefined. I think what we do know is that the FDA will hold a biosimilar product to a standard similar to the innovative product from the standpoint of efficacy and safety. And so that will require in all likelihood significant clinical trial work, which will be expensive and time consuming. But I think the biggest issue will be that in all likelihood these products will not be interchangeable. In fact I think it's highly unlikely that they will be interchangeable, like oral solid generics are. And so it creates a very different competitive dynamic when they have to go out and apply SG&A and that SG&A has to be effective in the marketplace and they're going to have to sell on their own data. Not use the innovator's data. And so it will be a very significant issue to come head-to-head against the established players and be able to take share away. Now that's not to say that we take either competitor lightly. I can tell you that we do a lot of planning to try to understand how we're going to be able to deal with that, and I think our strategies around that make me feel comfortable that HUMIRA will be a very sustainable brand. And as I said, I also look at our pipeline and I look at a number of the assets in that pipeline that will emerge in 2015 and beyond, and I feel pretty comfortable that will be a very meaningful impact going forward.
Operator: And our next question is from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan.
Michael N. Weinstein: Let me do a couple of financial questions first and then talk more strategy and, Tom, hopefully you can help here. But maybe 2 quick ones. Tom, first off, when I think about the tax structures of these 2 businesses, the proprietary pharma piece would seem to have a lot lower tax structure versus the durable medical products business. Am I thinking about that correctly? And is there any damage to the tax structure from the split? I'm assuming no, but if you could give me your thoughts on that, that will be helpful.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, Mike, we're not going to go into a lot of modeling issue today as we talked about in the beginning. We're trying to focus today more on the strategic discussion here. What I would say is, I think it's accurate that between the 2 companies, the diversified will be a little bit higher than the other company but that's about as much as we'll share with you today.
Michael N. Weinstein: Okay. And then on the proprietary piece, can you give us an estimate of the percentage of the profits in the proprietary piece that would come from HUMIRA post-spin?
Thomas C. Freyman: As you know, we -- if you're looking at -- just to get a sense of profitability on these businesses, we do disclose in our segment footnotes these businesses broken out. So that gives you a good sense overall. And clearly, HUMIRA is an important product for us. You can have a sense of the relative sales and -- so it's definitely an important part of that business. But as Rick said, it's one that we think has a very long-term future, lots of growth opportunity, continuing to grow, new indications and plenty of opportunity to be a long-term contributor to the business.
Michael N. Weinstein: Okay, last financial piece. You talked, Miles, about growth in some of the DMP pieces, or medical profits pieces. You talked about Nutritionals, growing double digits. You talked about some other pieces including vascular. You often suggest that those businesses would accelerate, like Nutritionals globally hasn't grown double digits. It's grown more like high-single digits and so there was some expectation that growth would accelerate. Could you just maybe touch on why should we assume that those businesses accelerate and how DMP goes from being what right now looks to be more mid-single digits to high-single digits?
Miles D. White: Yes, we'll go into more on it on Friday, Mike. But actually, let me correct you. Nutrition has grown double digits outside the United States and frankly, I do expect even more acceleration from the businesses particularly as we expand the footprint in emerging markets and internationally. So I do expect not only acceleration of the sales but also acceleration of the bottom line. And those programs are underway. But this is the -- the performance and elements are there now and we are seeing that. At any given point in time, one country or another, is going to look different than the mix of the whole. But yes, we can talk about that more on Friday.
Michael N. Weinstein: Okay. Just so I'm clear, you're taking the whole Nutritionals business, not just international piece, right?
Miles D. White: You mean on this side of the business?
Michael N. Weinstein: Yes, right.
Miles D. White: Yes.
Michael N. Weinstein: Okay. All right, Okay. Because I was talking about overall growth profile in Nutritionals but...
Miles D. White: Yes you'd be right about overall but the international piece has doubled in size in the last 5 years, and we can back into that growth rate, that's clearly double digits.
Michael N. Weinstein: Right, absolutely. So let me just talk more strategy stuff. So I guess what people are asking me probably #1 today, is the decision on why today versus a year ago or a year from now, so the timing question. And then 2 in your -- in the math that you did on this in trying to -- you're going to go through a very tough process here in splitting the company up. How much value in your estimation are you unlocking by the math that you guys did in doing this to make it worthwhile?
Miles D. White: I'm going to enjoy answering that one. Let me address the why now. There's actually method in the madness as to why now. As you know, we acquired Solvay and Piramal and we went through an integration process. And then frankly, a separation process internally of our Proprietary Pharma business and our Established Pharmaceutical business which are very, very different businesses. So we had kind of a double task there of not only the integration of the legacy Abbott businesses, but also those 2 new ones and not to mention our additional agreement with Zydus in India, which enhanced our product lines. But there was a process there to establish that infrastructure and stabilize all of that and separate the 2 pharma businesses. That is essentially complete. And that was necessary work to do regardless. But we needed that to be complete and we also wanted some of our pipeline initiatives on the Proprietary Pharmaceutical side to have been completed. And frankly, our internal organic pipeline to have advanced in order to be at a point of what we would consider to be readiness. Those are the primary drivers of why now. I don't think we'd have been ready a year ago and I think we are ready now. We've got the positioning and a lot of the work done, so that the difficulty of separation, frankly, has -- a lot of it's been done and it's ready to go. So there's no real point in waiting now as we get on with it. With regard to unlocking, as you might guess, I've looked at more investment banker and consultant and other presentations and estimations and so forth of the so-called unlocking of value. I would not venture an estimate or a guess because I've been here long enough to have seen a PE of a company in the high 20s and a PE in the low teens or whatever. You can talk about unlocking value. But at the end of the day, the background of what's happening in a marketplace with the values of companies as a whole, of the economy as a whole can clearly affect that up or down. Do I think investors will realize or see or recognize higher value on both sides of the company as separate companies? I do. I think investors will appreciate both companies more than is the case today because I think there will be a lot greater appreciation and attraction to investors who focus on these 2 very different investment profiles. The same investor doesn't invest in both profiles necessarily and vice versa. So I think we'll see appreciation for both companies. But what happens in the overall marketplace over time, I don't know. So I wouldn't venture a guess. I leave that to you guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Tony Butler from Barclays Capital.
Anthony Butler: And, Miles, really just 2 questions. One, any considerations instead of a tax-free spend for an outright sell of the pharma business and maybe even to some degree even rights to HUMIRA as one would think about this perceived unlocking of value or either less reliance on a single product? And then the second question's a little more related to strategy. And if you go back to your Q4 comments, one asked either about sentiment around HUMIRA or either selling the -- or spending out the Nutritionals business. You commented or at least the sentiment I took away was that the sentiment in the market is wrong. We need to do a better job of really talking about each particular business and the long-term opportunities and you seemed to harp on this notion of, if you make a knee-jerk decision on what the market wants you to do in the very, very near term, you may be wrong a year or 2 years or 3 or 5 years later. And I'd like for you to comment on that because that seems to be slightly different in tone than what we see today.
Miles D. White: Okay. Let me deal with the first part, did we consider a selling? I think the obvious here is, first of all, that would take a long time. And secondly, the tax on a sale like that and whether there was somebody that was interested in such a thing is prohibited. Now, I have to tell you, I think we've got 2 long-term sustainable companies here. We have no interest in selling. We have no intention to sell. We're not looking to sell it or merge it with something else, et cetera. We think we've got the best path for investors here, which is 2 independent companies going forward that both have great cash flow, profits, growth prospects, et cetera, depending on the company here. But they're 2 different investments. And I think that, for investors and for the sustainability of these investments, is the right path for both companies. Otherwise, I don't think we're doing the right thing if we just try to sell it. That doesn't strike me as the right path here at all, which is why we believe the path of separation and letting investors appreciate each country -- company appropriately is the right path. With regard to the last call or whatever that you're referencing, the call at the time or the question at the time was a focus on Nutritionals. And the point I tried to make at the time and let me be clear, this was in our planning and preparation for some time. This is not some knee-jerk reaction to the last few months or years even. We have been considering what is the appropriate long-term disposition of the company or companies for several years. Obviously, I can't speculate about that to analysts or investors on any given call. But as you know, analysts speculate to me. So when they speculate to me publicly about, for example, in this case nutrition, one thing I feel obligated to do sometimes is disabuse us of the notion of some path that may not be correct. And that isnt correct and it wasn't correct at the time. I do think what I reflected or intended to reflect at the time was kind of the precursor to this notion of investors will appreciate the parts of the company differently. There is a different investment identity to different parts of the company. And I think that the notion that the different parts of the company weren't being appreciated that way or different investors weren't seeing it that way was clearly in those comments, and that's probably the tone you heard. But the answer to that which I think you see today, I think is the right answer. I don't think it's to just break things up into little pieces. I do believe there is value in the diversified model that is Abbott. We believe that fundamentally and I think that's been proven out over decades. But I also note that the characteristics of the elements of that diverse model do have to have a common or complementary characteristics and balance. And the big distinction here is, it was our Proprietary Pharma business that did so well and dominated the identity of the company over time. And not only were we out of balance, but the identity of that business is very different as it evolved. So what we ended up with is 2 very distinct, successful pieces. And the notion that nutrition was, the proper piece of that was the part that I didn't agree with because it's very consistent with a lot of the characteristics of the rest of the company, the growth prospects, et cetera, at the time it was being compared to a PE of a competitor. Now, I think all of us in this industry would love to have the PE of that competitor. Who knows how sustainable any of these PEs are over time. But I think that the mix as weve described it today is correct, given our strategy as a diverse company in healthcare with a particular balance. So I don't think this is at all inconsistent, Tony, with what the tone I communicated at the time. I think it's frankly very consistent. But at the time, I couldn't say to you, hey, good idea but you got the wrong business, that you carved out here. That's kind of the essence of this. That the notion at the time, the question I got was more a notion of, are you sure all of this mix fits together? That's how I would take it. And the hypothesis was, gee, the nutrition was the one you could carve out. I think the notion had merit. I think the Proprietary Pharma business is the one that has the distinctly different identity and I think this makes sense today.
Operator: Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David R. Lewis: Miles, just a quick question that's been addressed here a little bit, but I want to ask it maybe in a very different way. We believe Abbott is undervalued and the primary issue certainly does seem in the eyes of most investors to be confusion over HUMIRA. So as I think about your current multiple, it does imply real concern around HUMIRA, its cash flow growth and profitability. But you are in management is much more bullish on the potential for HUMIRA than consensus. So I wonder why not wait to see for that to be appreciated in the market as competitive threats prove less material than those people think, which is only really 2 to 3 years away?
Miles D. White: Well, I think 2 things. First of all, I think that the -- this split is not about confidence around HUMIRA. It's around the identities of the businesses as I described earlier. I agree with you that the company is underappreciated and perhaps undervalued, but I don't know any CEOs out there who wouldn't claim that their companies are undervalued. I think the entire sector may well be undervalued. The entire stock market could be undervalued. It depends on your perspective for the business, it depends on your perspective of the development of international markets, it depends on your perspective of a lot of things. I'd support your notion that we're undervalued. But I think the notion of a split here, it has the right merit, logic, given our intent regarding the investment identities of the company and what belongs in the diverse mix. At the end of the day, the questions around HUMIRA's durability will clearly be answered. I think we will go a long way toward answering that even more thoroughly on Friday. Rick answered a lot of it earlier in the phone call. But I think we can respond to the durability of HUMIRA going forward. As Rick acknowledged earlier, the growth of HUMIRA continues to be very strong and continues to be in excess of about $1 billion a year. That's equivalent of a so-called blockbuster a year here in growth. Now granted, that's not going to happen forever, but there's obviously several years left of that kind of durability and growth and strength in that business and that franchise. And I believe that with further explanation on Friday, we will further lay out why we see the development of the market, the biosimilars, the orals, et cetera, as we do and investors will make their choices. But I think we have evaluated that pretty closely and pretty carefully over the last couple of years. We have a view. We have a view of the durability of HUMIRA. We'll share that with investors and I think the obvious next question an investor has is, what about after HUMIRA? What then? And I think that greater visibility to the pipeline of the Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business will go a long way towards filling in those gaps for analysts and investors, and I think we're beginning to fill those gaps now. But even if there were great visibility to that on the part of investors and analysts and even if there were great understanding of all of that. By the same, we would still be splitting the company because we believe there are 2 really distinct different and valuable investment identities here that make sense as 2 separate public companies.
David R. Lewis: That's very clear. And maybe just one more strategic question. You, like a lot of healthcare CEOs have talked about the healthcare environment and what they may look like over the next 3 to 5 years. And I guess the question is, isn't size an asset in this environment and I wonder, will this limit your flexibility at all? For example, if your device franchise standalone, needed more breadth to compete and more bundling were occur in that segment of the marketplace, couldn't HUMIRA cash flow have enabled future acquisitions there? So simply, is size an asset? Does this limit your flexibility at all?
Miles D. White: No, I don't think it limits our flexibility at all. You got to remember, we're a very large company becoming 2 very large companies. These are both large cap companies at the end of the day. They're both very strong companies and they both have very strong cash flow. The cash flow of each of these companies is equivalent to what the entire company was not that long ago. The cash flows are very strong on both sides. I dont feel like either one of these 2 companies is going to be constrained or limited by what it may wish to do. We're not actively seeking large acquisitions. I think at least on the side of the diverse medical products company, I'd tell you that I think is there is so much potential for growth and sustained double-digit margin growth that we can do that organically. For us, any acquisitions or additions to the company, I think will be very much opportunistic and because there's an opportunity we believe we can uniquely leverage in the mix of our business over time. Will there be those opportunities? I think there will be over time and we'll react to them and evaluate them as they come and we'll be able to do it opportunistically and we'll have no shortage of capital or flexibility to do it. On the Proprietary Pharma side, I think the same is true. I think as there are pipeline opportunities for Rick to add to that business. There is no shortage of capital flexibility to do so. Both will have very strong cash flows. We are not reliant as a company on HUMIRA alone. As I indicated earlier, all of these businesses are generating positive cash flow today. And actually, and if you went back 10 years ago, that wasn't true. The Diagnostics business didn't generate cash. The Diabetes business didn't generate cash at the time. Today they do. All of these businesses generate strong cash flow. So no shortage of flexibility.
Operator: Our next question is from Rick Wise from Leerink Swann.
Frederick A. Wise: I'll start with sort of pick up where you left off with David's question. Is it too soon, Miles, to talk in little more detail about your preliminary vision for the ongoing Abbott. You said, you made some comments well continue to expand in emerging markets. I'd expect to hear that. You're already a strong presence. But you talked about channel synergies and you talked -- you highlighted the self-paid mix. Maybe help us think here. Where does Miles White see the company going over the next 5 years, more of a consumer-oriented company, is there other capital -- opportunities in capital or IT? Just any preliminary thoughts would be fabulous?
Miles D. White: Well, Rick, as we've talked about on previous calls, the emerging markets in particular are big growth opportunity because of the expansion of those economies and the expansion of the healthcare systems in those economies. And the structures of those markets are very different. Not different just with each other, but different than, say, the U.S., Europe, Japan historically. They are much more self-pay markets than reimburse markets in general, and our Established Pharmaceuticals or branded generics business and our Nutritional businesses are generally speaking in those markets, self-pay businesses. And yet growing very rapidly in those markets. They share common outlets. They share common distribution channels and so forth. And while we have not, at this point, attempted any kind of synergy between them, they do share common visibility, brand, outlet, pharmacy, wholesaler, et cetera, in all those markets. And I think that footprint will definitely benefit us going forward. I think it's a plus to have a mix of sources of how your products are paid for. For a company, in our business, if you're solely dependent on the U.S. and Europe, well, then you're going to be dependent on governments and payers that are highly concentrated. And that's going to be true of the characteristics of our Proprietary Pharma business and that's been the case for a lot of our mix of business over time. One of the things that was attractive to me about the ophthalmology business was that a big chunk of that business is consumer discretion business, the LASIK business. And while that business has been pressured by the economy in the last few years, I like the fact that we're not just dependent on government reimbursement in a lot of cases for payment for our products. Because I think for those countries, those businesses, those products, where consumers make the decision, your businesses is somewhat less vulnerable to large structural moves in the payment system. So I think that mix is good. I think that we will continue to expand in emerging markets because as I said earlier, growth is there. We are not ignoring developed markets. There's a big chunk of the company, both companies frankly in developed markets and those are important markets to us. But I will tell you that I think the developed markets will be much slower growers for the future, and a lot of the growth will come internationally and especially in emerging markets. So I think that the obvious distinction that way between the pharmaceutical business and the diverse medical products business is -- the diverse medical products business has the market growth, the expansion, the expansion of those economies, a tailwind of growth. It's not going to be that dependent on single large products. The pharmaceutical business will always be dependent on single large products because that's the nature of that business. And the productivity of our R&D and therefore, the importance of our pipeline and the durability of products like HUMIRA, very important for that business. And I think that's why our pharmaceutical business has been so successful over the last decade and I think will continue to be going forward, but those are different, in different market dynamics.
Frederick A. Wise: Just a follow-up, you highlighted the potential for improving gross margins and operating margins. Maybe you want to talk a little bit about that. Is that factory consolidation? Is it just realigning how products are made and where and distributed? Is that significant in your mind? And maybe just, Tom, when will we see you start reporting some kind of breakdown for the 2 companies differently? Will it wait until the Form 10-Q comes out?
Miles D. White: Rick, I'll just say we're going to explain more about this on Friday, the first question on margins.
Thomas C. Freyman: Rick, in our segment information, you already have quite a bit of basis for understanding the major businesses here. So, I mean, obviously we do need to go through this carve-out financial process, which is going to take several months. And that's when you'll see a little more specifically more of a fully allocated picture of the pharma business than what you see in the segment footnotes. But you have pretty good information right now. And I'd say, as we get later into the process, after we do the Form 10 and get closer to the true separation, we'll be getting more granular on how these 2 businesses look.
Miles D. White: Just to answer the granular point you put upfront on the gross margin. There are several businesses here that are changing the structure of manufacturing and other things, the sourcing and even how they go to market in some cases. Diagnostics is having a great program underway that way and has expanded its gross margin. Diabetes Care, same. Nutritionals, major programs underway right now to change the mix of its gross margin. Some of it is our manufacturing strategy globally. Some of it's whether we make it ourselves versus source-it, et cetera. There are a number of factors that contribute to it. But we will talk about it a little more on Friday.
Operator: Our next question is from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn J. Novarro: I have 2 questions. One, the Established Pharmaceuticals business, I wonder if you can walk through the reasoning why that wasn't put with the pharmaceutical business? I would've expected that this could have been a nice buffer against any pipeline failures and government intervention that you mentioned, so maybe comment on that? Then the second question, I wonder, we're all asking about timing, but also -- we're now in this unusual period now where there's Health Care Reform implementation. We've got a super committee discussing further Medicare cuts. I wonder if this also played into the time now to do the split?
Miles D. White: Okay, first comment on the Established Pharmaceuticals business and the Proprietary business. I'll tell you, other than the fact that they both have the word pharmaceutical in their headline, they're really different.  Their business models are different, the markets where -- that are attractive to them are different. The Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business is very much a developed economy business for all the reasons we know. The kinds of products that we sell and the cost of those products and so forth, their affordability and so on. Those are developed market products. The Established Products division at least here, you'll note doesn't have a U.S. business and won't. It is not our anticipation to be in the U.S. because it wouldn't make money here. And at the end of the day, we are trying to earn a return on the investors' capital. So that business will stay focused on international markets. And then the nature of the competition and the selling, frankly, Glen, has a lot more in common with businesses like our nutrition business than it does the Proprietary Pharma business. It's a business about a breadth of product line and key leaders in key categories, your feet on the street, than relationships with many, many pharmacies and wholesalers and so forth in these emerging markets. The business model and how money is made are very, very different. And there isn't actually a lot in common there. So it made sense to us that the Established Pharmaceutical business belonged with the other very Durable Growth business and not with the Proprietary Pharma business. With regard to Health Care Reform, I would say Health Care Reform is a contributor to the environment in general. It clearly has impacted the environment for healthcare products. It has impacted the environment for pharmaceuticals and/or medical device products. Frankly, so has the debt crisis and pay crisis in Europe. The impacts on the economies in the U.S. and Europe, aging populations, all the things that we know are happening to pressure the healthcare products markets in the U.S. and Europe, all contribute to a different environment. And at the end of the day, I'd say all that does is change the nature of the environment in which we compete and operate. That's going to clearly have an impact on all the businesses, not just pharma. This is not motivated solely by Health Care Reform at all. But the Health Care Reform, you could say, is a contributor to the overall environment that has contributed to a bigger consideration about the investment identities of these 2 businesses.
Operator: Our next question is from Catherine Arnold from Credit Suisse.
Catherine J. Arnold: I wanted to probe a little bit on the pharmaceutical business if I could. I know, I for one, have been looking for more and more disclosure on your pipeline. And I guess we'll get that on Friday. But I know you have a high level of optimism about the outlook for that business and I am anxious to hear the details. But clearly, some of the assets like hepatitis and MS are very much changing quickly in terms of standard of care and have a lot of intense competition. So there is, let's just say, there is some risk in terms of the pipeline of that particular Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business. How are you thinking about that in regards to business development? And if you could comment about the cash flow outlook, I think that you're sort of implying HUMIRA will probably grow another $1 billion per year for, I would say, a couple of years. I don't know if that would mean, a couple means 2 or 3 to me. But at the same time, you're losing the lipids franchise. So there's -- where are we in the adequacy of the cash flow for business development? Because I'm sure you want to make sure that there's some cushions and buffer in the outlook for the pipeline, given the competitive dynamics in some of the key franchises in the late stage. And given, obviously, longer-term acknowledgment of some risks on HUMIRA. That's a mouthful, I appreciate that.
Miles D. White: It was a long question. A big part of that we're going to answer on Friday. I would tell you, we understand the competitive dynamics pretty well in hepatitis, as well as MS and I think we can walk through that on Friday. I'd also tell you just don't focus on hepatitis and MS. Bardoxolone is a big asset. We have a number of other assets that we'll talk to you about. But clearly, the areas we're going into are areas of high unmet clinical needs. They're competitive, okay. I think we understand the profile that we need. HUMIRA, I think you described -- youve described it in a way that's consistent with what we think, although I would say, I have view that's different than you about sustainability. And that is the key to this, right? We believe there's strong underlying growth that will be maintained for a longer period of time. We believe there's plenty opportunity to penetrate these markets. And on top of that, the pipeline will play out. There certainly will be a period where the generic impact on our dyslipidemia franchise will depress overall growth rates but the underlying growth rate will be very, very strong. And so when that plays through, you'll see it pop back up to very healthy growth.
Operator: Our final question is from Barbara Ryan from Deutsche Bank.
Barbara A. Ryan: Most of them have been asked, but I'm just wondering, I think you answered why you separated emerging established products from the Proprietary business because of the risk profile and the cash flow characteristics and persistency make it fit more with the medical products business. But I'm just wondering, when you acquired those businesses, you did talk about the opportunity to cross-sell the 2 companies' products, I'm just wondering if there's any dis-synergies associated with separating those 2? I know you talked about that they have been separated largely internally. And if there's a plan to commercializing some of your proprietary products in those emerging markets that are dominated by these established products and then I have another question?
Miles D. White: It's interesting. I don't expect the synergies, and the companies will, in some cases, still maintain common brands in some examples where the EPD business will have a brand overseas in some markets and the Proprietary business will have it in the U.S. or some others. That's not uncommon. As you know, products like Enbrel or Remicade and others have had 2 companies marketing them in different markets over time. So I think, that some of the things that some might assume would be dis-synergies or conflicts won't be and it won't be for us. So I don't see that there's an issue there. The notion of cross-selling and shared. The company is, frankly, where it makes sense can cooperate. We're not going to be in any kind of direct competition any way, we aren't now. So I think that -- I don't think there's any threat to the original comment. Although clearly, Barbara, neither necessarily relies on that for its success. I think both can be completely independently successful without reliance on the other even if there are some shared assets. Rick, you want to add anything to that?
Richard A. Gonzalez: No. I mean, I think that covers it. I mean, clearly, emerging markets aren't as significant for the Proprietary business as they are for the other business. But they are a significant contributor to our growth in certain emerging markets where you have reimbursement access. That's the key for the proprietary product.
Miles D. White: I think that's an important point.  The Proprietary business will also have opportunities in the emerging markets, and we'll definitely go after those opportunities. They have presence there now, they have people there now and there's market there now, albeit smaller in terms of numbers of people or whatever but sizable in terms of dollars for some of the places that Rick mentioned.
John B. Thomas: So, Barbara, you had one more question?
Barbara A. Ryan: Yes. The question really is about the outlook. You made this very specific comments about the growth outlook both for top and bottom line in the medical products business. You spoke to sort of competitive low single-digit top line growth for Proprietary business, but you didn't comment on earnings. And I'm just wondering, given the fact that the company has been diversified and along with that your investor base is looking for persistency and consistency and double-digit earnings growth, whether there is likely to be any change in the investment profile of the Proprietary business, i.e. do you see opportunities to spend more on that business that you were reluctant to do and maybe believe you should be doing that you were married to a business with different kinds of expectations?
Richard Gonzalez: I think if you look at the investment identity of pharmaceuticals within Abbott, I would say that the way we plan, the way we run businesses within Abbott, it's -- although we're all part of a big family, the reality is we build our own P&Ls, our plans by year, and we try to invest in a way that's appropriate for the right return for the investor. And so I can tell you without question that the pharmaceutical business was never underfunded on programs that they believe that they could advance more rapidly. Now, it depends a lot on the evolution of your pipeline. As you get more and more of your pipeline in Phase III, it's far more expensive to be able to develop those products. But whether we were inside of Abbott or outside of Abbott, that would be the same investment profile that will drive the business in order to maximize the return on that investment going forward.
Miles D. White: Barbara, I think you'll see eventually here in the split of the companies in their P&Ls and balance sheets and so forth, a profile in the Proprietary Pharma business is pretty healthy, a profit profile and a spending profile is pretty healthy. Its R&D spending compares well. Its SG&A spending compares well, particularly given the focus of its business in specialty categories. I agree with what Rick said. It's not in any way been underfunded or had to subsidize anything else. When you look at the whole Abbott Laboratories and you look at the profiles of R&D spending or profits and so forth, there's a dilution that occurs there in the mix of all of that, that makes it difficult to see the individual profiles of businesses. The R&D intensity of Nutritionals business by comparison is low-single digits. It's not necessarily to spend nor does it take more. And when you marry the size of the sales of a business with a lower profile, where your spending is much higher in SG&A than it is on R&D and so forth, and you look at the combined total, I think you could question that. But as you see the Proprietary business broken out, I think what you'll see is a very healthy profile that in no way constrains it. And I think you'll see proper profiles that are competitive and the other businesses as well on the other side.
John B. Thomas: That concludes our conference call today. As I mentioned earlier, we did post a 12-page slide deck to our Abbott Investor website that summarizes today's announcement about the separation into 2 publicly-traded independent companies. I also mentioned if you joined us late in the call that we are hosting an investor meeting this Friday, October 21 in New York from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. where we'll discuss the growth opportunities in each of these businesses in more detail and answer some of the questions that came up today as well. Miles, Rick, Tom, and Dr. John Leonard, who I mentioned is our Head of R&D for Pharma will be in attendance, along with Larry and me and some other folks. Additionally, if you listened to a replay or if you'd like to listen to a replay of our conference call today after 11:00 a.m. Central Time, it will be available on our Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com and after 11:00 a.m. Central Time, via telephone at (203) 369-3519, confirmation code 2128756. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday, November 2. So thank you, all, for joining this morning. We look forward to seeing hopefully many of you in New York on Friday or in the coming weeks and months as we talk to you individually about this transaction and the growth opportunities going forward. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Should you become disconnected throughout this conference call, please dial 1 (210) 234-0060 and reference the Abbott Earnings Call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question and answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs.
John Thomas: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call with me will be Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations, Tom will review the details of the financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the year, and Larry and I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, we'll take questions. Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as we do always, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help our investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. I'd also like to call your attention to a supplemental slide deck that we'll be posting to our website after our call concludes today. It includes highlights of Abbott's recent pipeline progress and a more detailed list of information on related market opportunities. And while these slides are not intended to be a comprehensive overview of our broad-based pipeline, our goal here is to provide investors with additional color on certain opportunities across our emerging portfolio. And we plan to build on this supplemental information as we go forward in future quarters, so consider this a starting point, and we hope you find it useful. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas Freyman: Thanks, John. Today, we're pleased to report strong second quarter results, as we delivered ongoing earnings per share of $1.12, up 10.9% and at the high end of our previous guidance. And we raised our full year EPS guidance range, confirming our outlook for double-digit growth in 2011. We're also pleased with the progress we've seen from our broad-based pipeline so far this year. We've launched a number of new products or indications across the company, advanced 2 promising compounds in the Phase III development, submitted 3 significant new products or indications for regulatory review and added a mid-stage biologic for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis to the pipeline. Sales growth in the quarter was 9%, including a favorable 4.6% impact from exchange rates. Growth in the quarter was led by a 13% increase in Proprietary Pharmaceuticals, including strong global performance from HUMIRA, which was up nearly 19% before exchange. And our emerging market sales in the quarter were nearly $2.6 billion, an increase of more than 23%, underscoring the contribution of these markets to Abbott's overall growth profile. Durable Growth business sales increased 7.5%, driven by double-digit growth in international Nutritionals, Point of Care Diagnostics and Established Pharmaceuticals. And Innovation-Driven Device business sales increased 3.1%, including double-digit growth in Molecular Diagnostics. Regarding other aspects of the P&L in the quarter, the adjusted gross margin ratio was 60.2%, ahead of our previous forecast, driven by improved product mix. The ongoing tax rate, at 15.2%, was in line with our previous forecast for the quarter. Turning to our outlook for 2011. Today, we're raising our ongoing earnings per share guidance for the full year to $4.58 to $4.68. The midpoint of this guidance range continues to reflect double-digit ongoing EPS growth for 2011. For the third quarter, today we're issuing ongoing earnings per share guidance of $1.16 to $1.18. The midpoint of this EPS range represents more than 10% growth over the prior year. We forecast specified items of $0.18 in the third quarter, primarily reflecting integration costs from past acquisitions and costs of previous restructuring actions. We're forecasting low double-digit sales growth in the third quarter, including an estimated favorable impact from exchange of approximately 3.5%. And we're forecasting an adjusted gross margin ratio of around 60%. Also for the third quarter, we're forecasting R&D investment approaching 10% of sales and SG&A of around 28% of sales. Regarding our tax rate, we're continuing to forecast a full year 2011 rate approaching 15%, and the third quarter, between 14.5% and 15%. So in summary, we're pleased with our performance through the first half of this year. We've delivered on our commitments, raised our guidance range and confirmed our strong outlook for 2011. We've made steady progress in our broad-based pipeline with new approvals, regulatory filings and late-stage trial initiations, and we continue to see strong results from our strategic actions to expand our emerging markets presence across the businesses. With that, I'll turn it over to John and Larry for the business operating highlights. John?
John Thomas: Thanks, Tom. Today, Larry and I will walk you through, as we did last quarter, our 3 business categories. Let me start with our Durable Growth and Innovation-Driven Device businesses, and then Larry will give you an overview of our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business, as well as our pharmaceutical pipeline. Sales growth will be discussed on a reported basis which includes the impact of foreign exchange. Let me start with our Durable Growth businesses. In Established Pharmaceuticals, which includes international sales of our branded generics portfolio, we reported global sales of more than $1.3 billion. More than half of EPD sales are in emerging markets, which this quarter were $775 million, up 25%. Our large portfolio of Established Pharmaceuticals consists of hundreds of branded generic products spanning primary care therapeutic categories. The depth of our portfolio and the diversity of our geographic footprint help us drive durable, sustainable performance. We expect more than $5 billion in Established Pharmaceuticals sales in 2011. In our worldwide Nutritional business, global sales increased 5.4% this quarter, driven by double-digit growth internationally. In the United States, as we've mentioned previously, we planned for a difficult comparison in our U.S. Nutritional business during the first half of this year as we work to recapture share in our infant formula business. U.S. Nutritional sales as a result, were down 3.5% in the second quarter, which was in line with our forecast, slightly better. We continue to hold the #1 infant formula share position in hospitals, which drives consumption at the retail level. And we are making good progress in our efforts to return our retail share to pre-call levels. And we anticipate better sales growth for the U.S. Nutrition business in the second half of the year. PediaSure in the quarter grew strong double digits, driven by continued success of our new SideKicks brand. In our U.S. Adult Nutrition business, we saw continued momentum from the new line extensions of our Ensure brand. Outside of the U.S., Nutritional sales increased 14% this quarter. Growth was driven by continued strong growth in emerging markets, which comprised the majority of our international Nutrition sales. This quarter, our emerging markets sales for the Nutritions business were $630 million, up 16%. This was driven by strong performance in Asian and Latin American markets, where we continue to launch new products, increase penetration and capture market growth. For the full year 2011, we're forecasting more than $2 billion in emerging market Nutritional sales, which we expect to double over the next 5 years. In China alone, we expect nutrition sales to reach $1 billion by 2014. So as we look ahead to the third quarter in our global Nutritions business, we expect worldwide sales to accelerate to double-digit growth, with U.S. sales up mid single digits and international sales up strong double digits. In our global diabetes business this quarter, worldwide sales increased 2.7%. U.S. sales increased more than 4% and international sales were up approximately 2%. We received CE Mark in May for our new FreeStyle InsuLinx blood glucose monitor, which includes a mealtime insulin calculator. InsuLinx is designed to help provide suggested insulin dosing advice for patients with diabetes who require insulin to manage their condition. So as we look ahead to the third quarter in global diabetes, we expect high single-digit revenue growth. In our Core Laboratory Diagnostics business, which includes immunoassay and hematology, global sales increased 8%. U.S. sales increased 4.4%, driven by strong growth of our ARCHITECT platform. Outside of the U.S., we saw strong growth in emerging markets, up 9% in the quarter. This was driven by double-digit growth in Asia, including strong sales in China. So as we look ahead to the third quarter in our Core Laboratory Diagnostic business, we expect high single-digit growth. In our Point of Care Diagnostics business, sales this quarter increased 17%, driven by strong Troponin and the CHEM 8 test cartridge sales. For the third quarter in Point of Care Diagnostics, we expect another quarter of strong double-digit growth. I'll now turn to our Innovation-Driven Device businesses. Starting with Molecular Diagnostics, where global sales in the quarter increased more than 18%, driven by international sales growth of more than 30%. During the quarter, we placed our 1000th m2000 analyzer. One of our core strategies in Molecular Diagnostics is to advance the field of companion diagnostics or personalized medicine. On that front, we developed a molecular test to pair with Pfizer's drug in development for non-small cell lung cancer. We recently submitted this ALK [anaplastic lymphoma kinase] gene test for regulatory review in the U.S. and Japan. Also in the quarter, we received FDA approval for a real-time PCR molecular test for measuring the viral load of hepatitis C, completing our core menu on the m2000. So as we look ahead to the third quarter in Molecular Diagnostics, we expect strong double-digit growth. In our Vision Care business, worldwide sales this quarter increased 7.5%. Globally, we continue to gain share in our cataract business with our TECNIS multifocal and monofocal IOLs. We also continue to grow share in our corneal business with our new RevitaLens contact lens solution which is doing quite well and has gained approximately 6% share points since the beginning of the year. As we look ahead to the third quarter in our Vision Care business, we expect high single-digit sales growth. In our Vascular business, worldwide sales in the second quarter were $835 million, slightly ahead of the expectations and outlook we provided last quarter. In our international Vascular sales, which is more than half of our total Vascular sales business, we saw 25% growth in emerging markets. International markets comprised 2/3 of the global drug eluting stent market. And in emerging markets, procedure volume is growing, on average, at a mid-teens rate. Abbott is particularly well positioned internationally, and we've seen impressive performance with both XIENCE and our next-generation XIENCE PRIME drug eluting stent. Our global DES franchise sales, which include XIENCE sales as well as third-party DES revenues, were approximately $485 million in the second quarter. Global XIENCE sales increased both sequentially and year-over-year. This was offset in the quarter by a double digit decline in third-party DES revenues. XIENCE remains the #1 drug eluting stent globally, with worldwide market share of approximately 35%. In the quarter, we continued to advance our leadership position with the U.S. launch of XIENCE NANO, our stent for small vessels. The small vessels segment of the market represents approximately 10% of all the vessels that are treated, so this is a new market segment where we can now compete with XIENCE NANO. We expect this new product will help us continue to gain XIENCE share over the next several months. Our endovascular and other coronary businesses, which comprise approximately 40% of our vascular sales, also performed well in the quarter. We've had multiple new product launches in numerous new geographies over the past year which has helped drive good momentum through the first half. The first quarter launch of our new TREK balloon catheters in the U.S. and Japan, following a successful launch in Europe last year, drove double-digit sales growth of our balloon segment in the quarter. Solid endovascular sales also positively impacted the second quarter, led by sales in vessel closure and our Armada 14 balloon line. An expanded indication for our RX ACCULINK carotid stent also contributed to positive momentum. In our Vascular pipeline, XIENCE PRIME, our next-generation drug eluting stent, continues to perform well internationally as we expand our global DES leadership position. PRIME provides physicians with enhanced deliverability on a best-in-class DES platform. We now expect approval and launch of PRIME in the United States in the first half of 2012. MitraClip is our minimally invasive device approved in Europe, Australia, Singapore and other countries for the treatment of select patients with mitral regurgitation. In the U.S., it's currently under FDA review. As part of our ongoing dialogue with the agency, we're providing them additional information and analysis. Subsequent to this review, we'll be in a better position to estimate timing. Also in our Vascular pipeline is our ABSORB bioresorbable vascular scaffold. It's designed to slowly metabolize and eventually be absorbed by the body after providing support to the vessel during the healing process, leaving no permanent metallic implant behind. It received CE Mark in January, and a full-scale launch in Europe is planned by the end of 2012. So as we look ahead to the third quarter in our global Vascular business, we now expect mid-single-digit sales growth. So with that, I'll turn the call over at this time to Larry for a review of our Proprietary Pharmaceutical business and a few pipeline highlights as well. Larry?
Larry Peepo: Thanks, John. As a reminder, earlier this year, we globalized our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business, creating one division to allow for streamlined commercial efforts and coordination between functions. Worldwide Proprietary Pharmaceutical sales increased 13% in the quarter, driven by growth of 9% in the U.S. and 19% internationally. In immunology, global HUMIRA sales increased more than 18% before the favorable impact of exchange. Performance was driven by international sales growth of 19% before exchange and U.S. sales growth of more than 18%, consistent with the underlying trends we saw throughout the quarter. Demand for HUMIRA continues to outpace the global market, and new competitive entrants are tracking in line with our expectations for these products. Internationally, double-digit market growth continues in the major European countries where HUMIRA holds the #1 share position. And HUMIRA growth in the U.S. continues to outpace the market. We're continuing our development efforts for HUMIRA, including the study of new indications and product enhancements. Our regulatory applications for ulcerative colitis are currently under review, and we're evaluating other indications currently in mid- to late-stage development. We also continued to introduce new indications in geographies around the world. We recently received approval for our fifth indication in Japan for HUMIRA, juvenile idiopathic arthritis or JIA. With an outstanding clinical profile across our full range of indications and more than 14 years of clinical experience, we continue to be well positioned for success in this market. HUMIRA is off to a strong start this year. And based on this performance and the outlook for the remainder of the year, we are raising our forecast. We expect high teens reported global sales growth for HUMIRA in 2011, up from our original expectations of low teens growth. Moving on to our lipid franchise, where sales of Niaspan were $247 million. While it is still early, we've seen a modest impact to prescription trends beginning late in the quarter following the discontinuation of the AIM-HIGH trial in late May. Physician feedback from experienced Niaspan users and key opinion leaders continues to be favorable regarding the value of Niaspan and treating HDL. U.S. sales of TRILIPIX/TriCor increased more than 3%. Global sales of AndroGel and CREON were $227 million and $149 million, respectively. During the quarter, Abbott received FDA approval for AndroGel 1.62%. The new low-volume formulation provides patients with a more convenient application process, delivering rapid and sustained improvements in testosterone levels with less gel than the previous formulation. CREON maintains a leadership position in the pancreatic enzyme market. And over the past year, we've captured significant market share in the U.S. We continue to garner the vast majority of new prescription starts in this category. Last month, we received FDA approval for an infant-specific dose of CREON. This new dose provides the lowest approved dosage strength in the class and enables more precise titration. Moving on to 2 consistent performers within our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals portfolio, Synthroid and Lupron. U.S. sales of Lupron were up 12%. Last month, Abbott announced FDA approval for a new 6-month formulation of Lupron Depot, expanding dosing options. We expect more than $750 million in total global Lupron sales in 2011. And U.S. sales of Synthroid remained strong at $140 million. We expect more than $450 million in total U.S. Synthroid sales this year. So as we look ahead to the third quarter in our global Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business, we expect high single-digit sales growth, including mid single-digit growth in the U.S. and another quarter of strong double-digit growth internationally. Moving on to our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals pipeline, where as Tom mentioned, we continue to make good progress. We currently have more than 20 new compounds or indications in Phase II or III development across oncology, immunology, HCV, neuroscience and pain management and other areas of significant medical need. Let's start with chronic kidney disease or the loss of kidney function, which is on the rise, driven by higher rates of diabetes, obesity and an aging population. We're leveraging our decades of expertise in renal disease to address this highly prevalent condition. Last month, Phase II bardoxolone data were published in the New England Journal of Medicine and presented at a European renal meeting. These data showed that bardoxolone produced sustained improvements in kidney function over 52 weeks in patients with moderate to severe CKD and Type 2 diabetes. And last month, we initiated the global Phase III clinical program for bardoxolone with our partner company. Results from this 1,600-patient study are expected in 2013, with potential commercialization in the 2014 timeframe. We also continue to make significant progress with our internal hepatitis C program. The HCV treatment landscape is expected to continue to evolve considerably over the next several years, and we believe we're in a position to become a significant player. We have 3 mechanisms of action in Phase II development, including protease, polymerase and NS5A inhibitors. Over the past year, our HCV program has moved quickly and will continue to progress throughout the year as we have a number of combination trials underway, including studies with and without interferon. In neuroscience, we're developing compounds to address conditions such as Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's, schizophrenia, pain and MS. A Phase III study of daclizumab, a next-generation biologic being evaluated in MS, is currently underway. Abbott and our partner company expect to present Phase II data for daclizumab at a European clinical meeting in October. We are also continuing development of an intestinal gel known as Duodopa internationally for advanced Parkinson's disease. It's currently in Phase III development in the U.S., and is already on the market in most European countries, where adoption of this novel system is continuing to grow. We recently presented interim data from a Phase III open label study of Duodopa, showing patients reported an increase in the amount of time where disease symptoms were well managed. In immunology, we're leveraging our experience with HUMIRA to identify novel approaches to improve therapeutic outcomes for patients with autoimmune diseases. We continue our work on HUMIRA and plan to introduce a cadence of new indications over the next several years. Beyond ulcerative colitis, we have 2 additional indications in Phase II or III studies, including uveitis and a chronic skin disease that most commonly affects the sweat glands. All told, we expect new indications to drive more than $1 billion in incremental peak-year sales. Our pipeline also includes early development work in oral DMARD therapies and biologics. And our proprietary DVD-Ig technology brings the capability of uniting 2 antibodies in a single agent. We expect our first combination biologic to move into Phase I clinical trials by year end. Last month, Abbott entered into an agreement with Biotest to develop and commercialize a novel anti-CD4 biologic, which is currently in Phase II clinical trials for RA and psoriasis. Our goal with this agreement, and all of our R&D and licensing efforts in immunology, is to raise the bar with differentiated efficacy. Endometriosis and fibroids are both associated with a multitude of symptoms, including pain and infertility. Our partnered compound, elagolix, has a unique profile that provides symptom reduction while avoiding significant bone loss or other adverse effects that can sometimes be associated with current treatments. We're working with regulators to finalize the Phase III clinical program for endometriosis and a Phase II clinical program for fibroids with a target of trial initiation near year end. We also continue to make good progress in oncology. Our pipeline includes 11 new molecular entities for more than a dozen different cancer types. Elotuzumab has demonstrated very good response rates in multiple myeloma, the second most common blood cancer in the U.S. We recently began the Phase III program for elotuzumab with our partner company. Our multi-targeted kinase inhibitor seeks to cut off the blood supply to a tumor to stop the progression of cancer. A Phase III study of this compound in liver cancer is under way. And our PARP-inhibitor, which may enhance the effectiveness of cancer therapies, is being studied in mid-stage trials for a variety of cancer types. So in summary, this quarter, Abbott delivered strong double-digit performance with ongoing EPS growth of 11%, at the high end of our previous guidance range. And we raised our ongoing EPS outlook for the full year, reflecting double-digit growth over 2010 at the midpoint of the range. So with that, Tom, John and I will be glad to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan.
Michael Weinstein: Maybe just a couple of items just to clarify. One, you had a very good quarter for HUMIRA and you raised your HUMIRA guidance for the year. So if you could provide any color on what you think is going on in the underlying markets, both in the U.S. and o U.S., that would be appreciated. And then second, one item we're struggling a bit with it is that if we look at the international pharmaceutical performance, HUMIRA as we noted was very strong, but it looks like there's a pretty meaningful drop-off in sales of other products once you kind of back out HUMIRA and then submit a product that you list in the press release. So if you can give any color there as to what's going on. Are those old Solvay products that are dropping off? Any insights would be appreciated.
Thomas Freyman: Yes, this is Tom. For HUMIRA, we're seeing really globally, good market performance to start with. In the U.S. in particular, growth rates have picked up this year and that is certainly bolstering the product. And in international, as you know, growth rates have been quite a bit stronger than the U.S., and they've continued to be in mid-teens or even better growth rates. So certainly, that is helping support the product. We're also executing quite well in the businesses in terms of share performance, most significantly in the derm and the gastro areas. But also, we're seeing some progress in RA as well, despite the fact that there's some -- a fair amount of competition in that space. So globally, we're just seeing good market growth, good share performance and very good execution on the part of our business people. And Mike, on the question on pharma growth, I think if you look at most of the products, we're seeing pretty strong growth across them in the quarter. So maybe you could be a little bit more specific about exactly what your question is on the pharma growth.
Larry Peepo: This is Larry. [indiscernible] quarter, so did HUMIRA obviously. There's not that many products actually in the proprietary business any longer. Again, a lot of the Solvay products other than, say, a Duodopa have moved over into the Established Pharma business. So most of the other products, as Tom said, had pretty good quarters.
Michael Weinstein: Well, if you look at -- I'm sorry, but just to dive in here, but if you looked at international pharma and you backed out HUMIRA and you backed out Kaletra and let's say Lupron just for kicks as well, you would get that -- the balance of that international pharma piece is down about $250 million year-over-year. So about a $600 million business last year is now about a $350 million business once you strip out the stuff that you guys report. So I was just hoping to get some color on the products that are going away. Is that old Solvay business that you guys have decided to stop marketing? Because that is pulling down your international pharma growth by a fair amount.
Thomas Freyman: Certainly, within Established Pharmaceuticals, there are a handful of products that are at the end of their life, Lanzaprazole for example, in a couple of markets, has gone off-patent. In terms of Abbott, those are relatively minor. There has been a little bit of Solvay-related turbulence, shall we say, as we work through the products that are remaining in the portfolio compared to those that are going to be -- we're no longer going to be promoting. But I would only -- it's very selective, relatively minor and really, I'd say anything that is -- that you're talking about is really being worked through in the first half here and is not representative of what we expect in terms of growth rates for these businesses going into the third and fourth quarters. So there was a little bit of that, Mike, but really not significant to our performance in the quarter.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And then on the emerging market numbers you guys are now providing. So you reported 23% emerging markets sales growth. Tom, do you have any kind of estimate on what that would be if we looked at it on an organic basis? So if we try to adjust for currency for the timing of the Piramal deal?
Thomas Freyman: In terms of M&A, the only impact in there is Piramal. As you know, we've fully lapped Solvay, so that does not have an impact. And you have a pretty good idea what our annual sales for Piramal are. Exchange, generally speaking, is lower in the emerging markets than it is for the overall company. Obviously, the positive currency in the quarter was mainly due to yen and euro. So I don't have a precise number for you, but I think you can factor in less exchange in those businesses than what you're seeing broadly across Abbott, and just adjust for the quarter of Piramal that we didn't have in the 2010 base.
Operator: Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Just a quick question on stent dynamics. Obviously this particular quarter, you're facing a very, very challenging comp. But considering competitor issues, I wonder if you could update us about what expectations you have for sort of the next 3 to 4 quarters in the stent market, specifically on opportunities for share and then secondarily price stabilization, potentially?
John Thomas: Yes. Well, as I mentioned in my call remarks, we've done quite well internationally with XIENCE and XIENCE PRIME launching, and we're continuing to gain incremental share there as well. And we're optimistic with the launch of XIENCE PRIME and approval coming here in the first half of 2012. DES pricing has been stable, I would say, down low single digits sequentially and upper single digits year-over-year as expected. It's been a little bit better, so I'd say overall, we feel pretty good about that market in terms of its moderation in price. And with one of the main competitors leaving the market, that obviously opens up an opportunity. That's about $400 million particularly in the small vessel stent area with our recent launch of NANO, so we expect to gain some of that share and take some of that market as well. I think the thing that people forget about is international sales and markets for our overall DES portfolio make up more than 60% of our total global sales now. So we continue to see better growth in emerging markets, and PCI volume obviously in those markets is growing mid-teens versus flattish here in the U.S.
David Lewis: Tom, just thinking about margins in the quarter, Miles made a comment earlier on in the year that I interpreted as his comfort or visibility on double-digit earnings growth for 2012, and then I think about your progress through the first half of this year. I wonder if you'd be able to sort of update us on your visibility on double-digit earnings growth for 2012 based on the performance in the first half.
Thomas Freyman: Well, it's clearly too early to talk about 2012 today. I mean, we've had a great quarter, a great first half of the year. And obviously, we're feeling good about the business, as we've increased our guidance range for the year. So the momentum is good. Obviously, HUMIRA, I think is outperforming most expectations this year. We're seeing really nice momentum in that product. Our x U.S. Nutrition, I think you're going to see accelerated growth in the second half, so that bodes well going forward. Same thing in our Established Pharmaceuticals, you're going to see stronger growth in the second half as we work through some of these kind of transitional issues. So I think the momentum is good. I think we've got a lot of growth drivers. We've talked a lot about operating margin opportunities which have been dampened down a little bit this year by some of the headwinds we talked about earlier in the year that we're overcoming quite nicely with our performance. And so while operating margins this year are only expected to improve modestly, we think there's still -- there's going to be much more opportunity going forward there. So I think we've got a lot of things going our way to have another strong year in 2012, but it's a little too early to start forecasting till we get deeper into this year and get through our budgeting processes.
David Lewis: And Tom, just maybe a quick follow up on your comment on Nutritionals. As that business recovers, is it possible for Abbott to expand the nutritionals market through M&A, either in the U.S. or o U.S., or do you think existing market share becomes an impediment to that?
Thomas Freyman: I don't think we need to do things like that. We've done a really nice job the last 4 or 5 years in terms of organic growth and investments of commercial resources and infrastructure in these various markets, as we've grown them so strongly. So we have great brands. We play both, obviously, in the infant side and in the medical side. A lot of the competition doesn't have that both sides of the business and the strong performance. This business is very committed to innovation. And if you look at whether its formulations or packaging, we've done a very nice job in terms of enhancing our market position through our R&D efforts. So the answer is we don't need to do any M&A activity to be successful there. But we like the business, it's a core part of the company, very important to us, and we're always looking for any opportunity to grow the business.
Operator: Our next question is from Rick Wise from Leerink Swann.
Frederick Wise: Can you discuss just generally the -- pharma had obviously a solid quarter. Can you talk about the impact of pricing or inventory stocking, de-stocking in the quarter? How that helped or dragged or anything there?
Thomas Freyman: We had very, very stable inventories at very, very comfortable levels for us throughout the quarter, so there was really no impact of inventories in the quarter.
Frederick Wise: And pricing?
Thomas Freyman: Yes, there was some price, obviously, going positive in the quarter.
Frederick Wise: Okay. Gross margins, Tom, obviously, were very solid and you're giving us good guidance again for the third quarter. Can you give a little more color on what's driving that? And it's been a long time coming, you sort of getting to that 60% mark. Are we sustainably going to be at 60% going forward as best you can judge today?
Thomas Freyman: Well, that is my forecast. But we talked a lot about this, this year in particular, and it's a bit frustrating because we're executing extremely well in terms of efficiencies and product mix. Exchange has been a bit of a headwind this year. It probably took more than 2 points out of our year-over-year comparison in the quarter. So we were over 60% despite that. But the mix is improving, and that's what helped us get to the 60% level this year. I think we're going to work through the impact of European austerity and some of these things we talked about earlier in the year by the end of 2011. So once we're through some of those onetime transitional issues, certainly, our expectation is to stay sustainably above 60% and expand it. And that's part of our growth story as we move into 2012 and beyond. So product mix is really helping. I think some of the things going on this year are masking real progress. And we've made good progress. And not as much as we might have, but I think you're going to see more of that as we go into next year.
Frederick Wise: That's very helpful. Just one last quick one maybe for John. John, you talked about MitraClip briefly, U.S. under review. Any sense of timing? And remind me where we are internationally. And am I misremembering that maybe there were some manufacturing issues? Are they resolved? Just where do things stand?
John Thomas: Right. We can't be specific on timing. We're still optimistic about a panel. It's less likely that panel's going to occur in 2011 but it's, as you know, up to the agency. So we'll be talking with them on that going forward, and we've provided additional information that they're looking for. So we'll update you on that as soon as we know something. Internationally, we did have a recall of MitraClip. It was based on the tip of the catheter. We've resolved that, and we expect to have that back on the market here in the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn Novarro: Two questions. First on Niaspan, the script data has trended down since we've seen the AIM-HIGH study. And you had a good quarter with Niaspan and my guess is it's because of pricing. So I'm wondering, is 2Q -- do you think 2Q is the peak of this product? Should we model down sales going forward? So just your thoughts on Niaspan going forward. And then I had a follow-up question for Tom.
Larry Peepo: Sure. This is Larry. Certainly, we've been watching the scripts, and everybody has seen what they've done, 6 weeks after AIM-HIGH relative to 6 weeks before, we'd say that they're down about 5%. So a pretty modest impact at this point. But we certainly continue to watch those. We believe that we've incorporated a reasonable estimate here for the second half for Niaspan and our outlook for 2011. And to your point, price will still play a bit of a positive role here in the second half. But still 6 weeks out. It's a little bit early to make an official call on it. We continue to watch it. But at this juncture, down 5%, 6 weeks before and compared to 6 weeks after is, again, a fairly modest decline at this point. But we feel like we've got a pretty reasonable expectation for the second half.
Glenn Novarro: And so should we assume sales decline here from the 2Q level? Is that fair assumption?
Larry Peepo: I don't know if I could specifically guide you to that at this point. Again, price will play a little bit of a role. We'll see how it plays out. Again, scripts are down about 5%.
Thomas Freyman: Yes. I think at this point, we expect positive growth out of Niaspan in the third quarter.
Glenn Novarro: Okay, great. And then, Tom, on the tax rate. Third quarter, you're saying that the tax rate's going to be a little bit lower than the full year. Full year around 15%, but 3Q in the 14.5% to 15%. So what's bringing down the tax rate a little bit lower in the third quarter?
Thomas Freyman: You remember on the first quarter call, when we talked about Puerto Rico, which there's this excise tax for our operations there. We're incurring expense up in the cost of sales line, which is another item that's holding back our progress in gross margin transitionally this year. But anyway, so we have the gross expense up there, but we have the creditability reflected in the tax line. That's the way we have to do it. And so for the full year, in the first quarter, we had brought down the full year tax rate to reflect that credit. And what you're seeing is just the progression of these changes through the P&L over the quarter. So again for the full year, consistent with what we said on the first quarter, approaching 15% tax rate average for the full year, and you cited our guidance for the fourth quarter -- or for the third quarter.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. So maybe a little bit tick up in the tax rate in the fourth quarter then.
Thomas Freyman: I think you should just look at the full year approaching 15%, and the math will take care of itself.
Operator: Our next question is from Rajeev Jashnani from UBS.
Rajeev Jashnani: I was wondering if you could discuss the operating margin outlook for some of the segments, Nutritionals, Diagnostics and Established Pharmaceuticals, although I know that's a little bit early perhaps at this stage. But maybe if you could quantify to the extent you're comfortable with at this point, where you see those in 12, 24 months from now, that would be helpful.
Thomas Freyman: Well, when you look at the businesses, there's a lot of good stories there in terms of operating margin improvement. Probably leading the pack is our Diagnostics business which a couple, 3 years ago, before the team really focused on margin expansion, we were running in the upper single-digit range. In this quarter, we're in the upper teens range. We've made tremendous progress in terms of the manufacturing efficiencies, but also product mix and pricing, and really managing the business better top to bottom. So that's a very good story for us. Our Vascular business has done a very nice job in the last few years. We were in a negative position about 3, 4 years ago and moving to the upper 20s in terms of operating margins in that business. I think there's a little more room to go there. I mean, clearly, we've made a lot of progress. And I would remind people that, that operating margin includes about $150 million of non-cash amortization expense. But we've made significant progress there, and there's probably a little bit of room to go. Some of our smaller businesses, but still significant, Medical Optics, Diabetes Care, still great opportunities there. In particular, diabetes has executed on nice margin expansion, and we think more of that will continue going forward. Now Nutritionals, this year is artificially depressed by the impact of the infant formula from last year, but we're recovering very nicely from that, as John mentioned in his remarks, and we should see a better operating margin this year. The one thing I will say is that, that's a business we do continue to invest in commercially. So some of the gross margin improvements we expect there will be invested back in the business because we continue to see really great growth opportunities across these markets and they're pretty responsive to commercial investments. And so while we expect progress this year and in future years on margin, it'll be a little bit slower in the Nutrition business because of the ongoing growth opportunities in that business.
Rajeev Jashnani: Great. That's very helpful. If I could just follow up with one on HUMIRA. I think, if I heard you correctly, you mentioned $1 billion of revenue from new indications. And I was wondering if you could just go into a little bit more detail on that in terms of timing and indication beyond ulcerative colitis, I think, which is for the end of this year.
Larry Peepo: Right. We would expect action by the agencies, Europe and the U.S. here, towards the end of the year on ulcerative colitis. We're also working in Phase III in uveitis. That has a potential market entry in the 2013 timeframe. The Phase IIIs are ongoing at this point. We've got again, this other indication in a skin disease that most commonly affects the sweat glands known as HS. That could be a potential market entry in 2014. And then we kind of have this umbrella indication for inflammatory joint diseases that would include a number of subgroups that don't have, call it a major indication at this point, but like reactive arthritis, in a number of different other, smaller indications. That when you collectively look at those, again, over that period of time, probably later this year for UC, '13 for uveitis, '14 for HS and the spine indication could be an entry into 2012. The peak there is in excess of $1 billion in our minds, and we think that each of those probably have a several hundred million dollar opportunity over time. So that's kind of how they break down at this point. But greater than $1 billion of incremental from here is pretty significant.
Operator: Our next question is from Sara Michelmore from Brean Murray.
Sara Michelmore: Larry, this is I guess the second quarter you've broken out AndroGel and CREON. Could you just talk about the growth trajectory of those products? And just in terms of addressable market sizes, et cetera, just so we can get a sense of how big they could be eventually?
Larry Peepo: Yes. I don't think I can put a total cap on where they could go, but certainly, AndroGel is becoming a fairly significant product here with the sales that I talked about for the quarter, if you annualize that. CREON a little bit smaller, but the growth rates on both of them continue to be very strong double digits. And both products have leadership in their respective categories. So we're very optimistic for our Proprietary Pharma business with both of these 2 products. And a new formulation of AndroGel that we just got approved is also very helpful. Again, it's lower volume and it is a much-improved product for patients. So we're very pleased. And then again, this infant dosing indication that we got for CREON as well gives us a nice opportunity, albeit in a smaller piece of that market, but nonetheless an advantage, and a uniqueness to CREON that others don't have.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And then just in the pipeline, you guys have clearly gone out in the last 12, maybe 18 months, and assembled a series of partnerships here to kind of fill in the pipeline in terms of external resource, Phase II moving into Phase III type of candidates. Where are you in that process in terms of building the pipeline? I mean, should we consider -- continue to expect you to be active there, or have you done a lot of activity and things should slow down from here?
Thomas Freyman: I think we're still open to opportunities to further expand the number of bets we have in the late-stage pipeline. You never can have enough in Proprietary Pharma. As you know, the regulatory and clinical processes are challenging. I do think we have done a very nice job of supplementing the portfolio with 4 or 5 really, really promising late-stage programs and we're real happy with where we stand now. And I think even compared to a year ago, our late-stage pipeline is significantly more advanced and promising than people would have expected. So our licensing organization is very good at this. They work closely with the business to identify good opportunities that we can leverage Abbott's capabilities. And we continue to be open to opportunities there.
Sara Michelmore: And it seems like a lot of the activity is aligned with your commercial strengths rather than a therapeutic category-type strategy. Is that a fair assessment?
Thomas Freyman: I'd say in today's world, it's the quality of the science that's really the first screen. You can't be overly selective in terms of therapeutic areas of focus. It's timing compounds or biologics that really have proof of concept and have a good chance in making it to market is really the first screen. Because we've shown, through HUMIRA for example, that we can build commercial presence fairly readily, particularly in specialty areas, if you have a high-quality product to bring to market. So that really is the first screen. The other thing I would say is our international proprietary organization in particular is extremely strong and well respected in the markets and well established. And that is a -- that international distribution asset is one that we do explain to potential licensing partners very extensively. And we've made some pretty nice progress identifying opportunities to bring in there. So it's a combination of our strengths and things we bring to the party. But also if there's good science that we think we can commercialize, we're open to something that might be a little outside of our wheelhouse from time to time.
Operator: Our next question is from Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin: So just quickly. Tom, you were talking about, of the Established Pharmaceuticals business, $775 million of that $1.3 billion was emerging markets, which grew 25% year-over-year. Is that right? My question is this. The remaining $560 million or so of that $1.3 billion, I mean, you're showing operational growth of just $3.2 billion, and I know there's a lot of noise there. But if emerging markets is up 25%, what -- can you just describe the performance of the remaining $564 million in sales?
Thomas Freyman: Well, we're lapping some issues in the quarter. Reductil is one. That's a product that has been assigned. As you know, we have no Reductil sales in 2011, but we did have a fair amount of Reductil...
Jami Rubin: What were the size of those?
Thomas Freyman: I don't have that at my fingertips here, Jami. There were some smaller products, and I mentioned in Mike's question. Lanzaprazole for example, in a few markets, went generic during the quarter. There are a couple of other of those. So there were definitely some transitional products during the quarter that dampened down the non-emerging markets growth of Established Pharmaceuticals, but we think that, that's going to really work its way out of this system in the first half of this year. And we do expect a nice pickup. And another product that was off a little bit growth-wise compared to the prior year was Clarithromycin. And as you know, that's a product that goes up and down with the season depending on the year. So there's some noise in there, but we do think it's going to pick up, and we've worked through a number of these.
Jami Rubin: So you would expect operational sales growth in the third quarter to pick up from the 3.2%. Because that 3.2% also includes Piramal, which wasn't in the numbers a year ago.
Thomas Freyman: Absolutely. You'll see better growth than that.
Operator: Our next question is from Damien Conover from MorningStar.
Damien Conover: Just a question on the global anti-TNF market penetration. In previous quarters, you talked about penetration rates in RA, in the mid-20s in the U.S., mid-teens internationally. For Crohn's, in the low 20s in the U.S. and low teens internationally and lower for the derm markets. Wondering if we could get an update on where those penetration rates are currently. And then also, what kind of strategies are you using to kind of increase the penetration? And also, what are the key areas of potential resistance, given the relatively low penetration rates for the class?
Larry Peepo: Sure, Damien. This is Larry. Your penetration rate assumptions are fairly accurate at this point in time, as I look across them. In the U.S., rheum would kind of be in the mid-20s. X U.S. is probably in the mid-teens, maybe a little north of 15%, in that 15% to 20% range. Derm, as you mentioned -- I mean, I'll give you a number. You said it's lower, it's actually low singles in both the U.S. and x U.S., kind of in that 5%, 6%, 7% range depending on when you measure it. So there's a lot of opportunity there. And in gastro, I think you were right on with low 20s in the U.S. and kind of low double digit or low teens x U.S. So you were very close. I think the key, really, that continues in the international markets is the overall cost/benefit of a product like HUMIRA. In single-payer systems, that really makes a lot of sense to them, in that a product like HUMIRA saves considerable downstream costs, whether that's unemployment costs, surgical costs, things like that. The upfront investment of treating a patient with HUMIRA certainly pays significantly downstream. The penetration rates in derm in the past have probably been down in this range. In Europe, they don't quite treat it as severely as a disease state, the moderate to severe psoriasis patient. In the U.S., we tend to treat them just a little bit more frequently, although the penetration rate in the U.S. is still fairly low. But I think that overall, the strategy of cost/benefit is really the key for us and that plays certainly very well when you're discussing a product like this with single-payer systems.
Operator: And our final question is from Catherine Arnold from Credit Suisse.
Catherine Arnold: I wanted to ask you a quick question on Nutritionals. And then if I had time, for a follow-up on the pipeline. On Nutritionals, you've said a lot about that business, Miles. But I'm just wondering, your competitor that has disclosed sort of operating margins more in the 20, mid-20s range. And I wonder, is that an operating margin target that's reasonable for your business as your geography and your mix of products evolves over time? And then I have a follow up on the pipeline.
Thomas Freyman: Right. Well, absolutely. We have greater aspirations on margins in our Nutrition business. Before we had the kind of transitional year here, we had -- as we recover market share in the U.S., we were in the upper teens range. And then obviously, with the recovery in the domestic market, we've gone down a little bit this year, and we expect that to recover somewhat in the second half but still be below 2010. I don't know any reason structurally why we couldn't be at levels at or close to the competition. And we've talked a little bit about this publicly that, that particular management team is very, very focused on operating margin expansion. We're kind of running a balance there between investing in growth, as I've talked about on this call, and driving operating margin, so we're going to try to do both. But there are a lot of initiatives going on in the logistics, manufacturing area to drive cost out and get our operating margins much closer to some of the levels you're seeing at other companies. So I think that is certainly over a medium term, an achievable objective. And the management team is very focused on delivering on that.
Catherine Arnold: Right. And then just a follow-up on the pipeline. Could you talk about your strategic interest in investment in the cardio metabolic area? Obviously, you're moving towards the exclusivity loss of Niaspan and TriCor. And of course, you have bardoxolone. But is this an area of strategic importance for you guys?
Thomas Freyman: Well, the cardiology, the primary care products we have in lipids and those areas are clearly mature for us. And as we look at the development of science in these areas, it does seem that there's not a lot of new opportunities and a lot of the needs have been met by the existing products. So we are focused more in other areas, both from a R&D perspective and from a M&A perspective. And I think you're going to see the mix of our portfolio shift to more specialty products. We talked a lot about them today in the pipeline review. You see immunology products, HCV products, a lot of other areas where we think there's more opportunity to deliver more benefits for patients than there is in the cardiology space.
John Thomas: Thank you. And that concludes our conference call today. As I mentioned earlier in the call, we'll also now be posting to our website a slide deck that highlights our recent pipeline progress in some of the select areas. And that's something that, as I said, we'll be building on going forward. To listen to a replay of today's call after 11:00 a.m. Central Time, go to Abbott's Investor Relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com. And after 11:00 a.m. Central Time, via telephone at (203) 369-0536. The confirmation code is 2128751. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday, August 3. Thanks for joining us and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Should you become disconnected throughout this conference call, please dial 1 (517) 308-9439 and reference the Abbott Earnings Call. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs.
John Thomas: Good morning, and thanks, everyone for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations. Tom will review the details of our financial results for the quarter and the outlook for the year. Larry and I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, we will take your questions. Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbots ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. And with that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Freyman: Thanks, John. Today, we're pleased to report strong first quarter results, as we delivered higher-than-expected sales growth of 17.4% and higher-than-expected ongoing earnings per share of $0.91. This is above our previous guidance range of $0.88 to $0.90 and reflects growth of 12.3%. As you may have noticed in our earnings release this morning, in addition to providing the same division and product-level disclosure as in the past, you'll also see that we're presenting our businesses in three categories based on their underlying attributes. Durable Growth businesses, include our branded Generics business called, Established Pharmaceuticals, as well as Nutritionals, Core Diagnostics and Diabetes Care. These businesses are less dependent on significant R&D investment at minimal patent risk and operate in generally stable markets. In the quarter, Durable Growth sales were up more than 24% globally, including the contributions from the Solvay Pharmaceuticals and Piramal Healthcare Solutions acquisitions. Our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business, primarily includes patented pharmaceuticals around the world, as well as an evolving pipeline to drive growth longer term. Global Proprietary Pharmaceutical sales increased nearly 12% in the quarter. And our Innovation-Driven Device businesses include Vascular, Molecular Diagnostics and Vision Care. These businesses require a moderate level of R&D investment with resulting pipeline products generating significant revenue and profit contribution. Global sales of Innovation-Driven Devices increased more than 10%. John and Larry will walk through the businesses underlying these categories in more detail. But I wanted to touch on our presentation of the businesses since it's new this quarter. Also new in our release is the disclosure of our Established Pharmaceuticals division, as well as emerging markets sales by business, which is in the Q&A section of the news release. Given our strategic efforts to build these areas of our company, we're providing this additional information to give investors a greater appreciation of the opportunity that exists in branded generics and in emerging markets across our businesses. Our emerging markets sales in the quarter were $2.3 billion, an increase of 38%, including the impact of acquisitions. Adjusted for acquisitions, emerging markets sales growth still exceeded 20%, underscoring the importance of these markets to Abbott's overall growth profile. Turning back to our performance in the quarter. Sales growth was 17.4%, including a favorable 1.3% impact from exchange rates as the U.S. dollar weakened as the quarter progressed. Sales growth in the quarter included the contribution from the Solvay acquisition, which closed in the first quarter of 2010; and the Piramal acquisition, which closed in the third quarter of 2010. Excluding the impact of acquisitions in exchange, organic sales growth in the quarter exceeded 6%, in line with our guidance for the full year. I've note that we've now left the impact of the Solvay acquisition. The adjusted gross margin ratio of 58.5% increased 110 basis points in the prior year of 57.4% due to improved product mix. The favorable comparison to the prior year was partially offset by additional rebates on the U.S. Healthcare Reform, the carryover effect to 2010 pharmaceutical pricing actions by European governments and an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rate on the ratio. The movement in foreign exchange rate in the quarter benefited our top line, but actually negatively impacted the gross margin ratio by approximately 120 basis points compared to our forecast in January. Excluding this impact, the gross margin ratio was in line with our previous forecast of a ratio approaching 60%. Those of you who followed our results in recent years are aware that as exchange rates have fluctuated significantly, a rapid weakening of the dollar contributes to our top line immediately, but puts some pressure on gross margin ratio in the quarter the rates move. The ongoing tax rate was 15.7%, in line with our previous forecast for the quarter. Now let's turn to our outlook for 2011. Today, we're confirming our full year 2011 ongoing earnings per share guidance of $4.54 to $4.64. We're also issuing second quarter ongoing earnings per share guidance of $1.10 to $1.12. The midpoint of this EPS range represents approximately 10% growth over the prior year, in line with the guidance we provided in January. We forecast specified items at $0.13 in the second quarter, reflecting integration costs from past acquisitions and costs of previous restructuring actions. We're forecasting high-single digit sales growth in the second quarter and a favorable impact from exchange on sales of approximately 2.5%. We're forecasting R&D at around 9.5% of sales, and SG&A at approximately 28% of sales. This reflects SG&A leverage compared to 2010, despite our continued investment in emerging markets infrastructure across the businesses and the negative impact with the pharma tax associated with U.S. Healthcare Reform, which as you recall is charged to SG&A expense. Regarding our tax rate for the remainder of the year, companies with operations in Puerto Rico now have clarity around the required treatment for the excise tax that the Puerto Rican government established effective January 1 of this year. While there is no significant bottom line impact from this tax on Abbott, payment of the tax will impact certain P&L ratios, mainly our gross margin ratio and tax rate, starting in the second quarter. Because the tax is an excise tax, the gross amount payable will be recorded as an increase in product cost, reducing our full year gross margin ratio by approximately 30 basis points. The U.S. tax credit, however, will be recorded as a reduction of income tax expense, effectively reducing our income tax rate. We now project a tax rate of around 15% for the full year 2011. We expect the rate to vary somewhat across the remaining quarters of 2011 at the second quarter at approximately 15% to 15.5%. Again, the net bottom line impact of the excise tax is not significant for us, due to the fact that it's creditable for U.S. income tax purposes. Regarding gross margin for the second quarter, we're forecasting adjusted gross margin ratio of around 59.5%, reflecting underlying favorable product mix and efficiency initiatives, offset by the impact of U.S. Healthcare Reform; the carryover effects of 2010 European pricing measures; the Puerto Rican excise tax; as well as the impact of exchange on the ratio. So in summary, we're off to a great start in 2011, with strong performance across our businesses and delivering more than 12% ongoing EPS growth. This type of performance is the result of our broad-based strategy and competitive strengths. We're in many different innovative healthcare fields, and we're constantly evolving in shaping our product portfolio, with the mix of Durable Growth prospects and strong cash-generating businesses that will continue to sustain us longer term. We built Abbott to continue to deliver sustainable, top-tier financial performance, and our outlook for double digit ongoing EPS growth in 2011 continues Abbott's track record as a leader among our healthcare peers. And with that, I'll turn it over to John for the business operating highlights.
John Thomas: Thanks, Tom. As Tom mentioned, we've made some additions to our earnings news release and are presenting sales from our three key business categories in a new way. These changes are supplemental to the information we've always provided and are intended to help shareholders understand the strategic mix of our diversified model, as well as the significant growth opportunity in emerging markets. So today Larry and I will walk you through these three new categories. I'll start with our Durable Growth and Innovation-Driven Device businesses, and then Larry will give you an overview of our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business, as well as our Pharmaceutical pipeline. Let me start with our Durable Growth businesses. In Established Pharmaceuticals, which includes international sales of our branded generics portfolio, we reported global sales of approximately $1.3 billion, including the contribution from Solvay and Piramal Healthcare Solutions. The Solvay integration and Piramal transition activities are continuing along, and we're pleased with their progress and performance. Our large portfolio of Established Pharmaceuticals consists of hundreds of branded generic products, expanding primary care therapeutic categories. The depth of our portfolio and the diversity of our geographic footprint help us drive durable, sustainable performance. We continue to expect approximately $5 billion in Established Pharmaceuticals sales this year in 2011. In our worldwide Nutritionals business, global sales increased 7.8%, driven by strong double-digit growth internationally. In the United States, sales were down 1% in the quarter. And as we mentioned on the fourth quarter call, we expected a difficult comparison in our U.S. Nutritionals business during the first half of this year, as we work to recapture share in our Infant Formula business. Our plan to recover our Similac business is on track. We have successfully maintained our number one hospital share position, and this continues to help us drive consumption at the retail level. We've increased our shares since the fourth quarter and anticipate better sales growth, in particular, as we head into the second half of this year. We also saw strong growth this quarter in our PediaSure business, driven by strong execution, share gains and the launch of our new PediaSure SideKicks product line. Similarly, in our U.S. Adult Nutritional business, as the market leader, we continue to pioneer nutritional advancements with our Ensure brand. Our new Ensure Muscle Health product line features a proprietary ingredient, Revigor, and protein to help rebuild muscle and strength naturally lost with age. There are approximately 140 million Americans currently over the age of 40. And I'll be one of them, which represents a significant opportunity for our Ensure product line. Outside of the U.S., sales increased nearly 16%. This was driven by continued strong growth in emerging markets, which comprises the majority of our international Nutritional sales. This quarter, our emerging markets sales for the Nutritional business were nearly $600 million, and that's up more than 18%. This was driven by impressive performance in Asian and Latin American markets, where we continue to see strong underlying market growth and increased penetration, as we launch a cadence of new products. For the full year 2011, we're forecasting more than $2 billion in emerging market Nutritional sales, which we expect to double over the next five years. So as we look ahead to the second quarter in our Global Nutritions business, we expect worldwide sales growth in the high-single digits. In the U.S., as we stated previously, we continue to expect U.S. sales to be down mid-single digits due to the difficult comparisons in our Infant Nutritionals business from last year. Conversely, in our International Nutritionals business, we expect continued double-digit growth in the second quarter. In our Global Diabetes business, worldwide sales increased 10% this quarter, with U.S. sales up approximately 5%. International sales increased 14%, driven by double-digit growth in emerging markets. We continue to grow our retail prescription share through expanded customer outreach and patient education.  We also continue to improve our operating margin in this business through cost reductions and a focus on more favorable customer mix. So looking ahead to the second quarter in our Global Diabetes business, we expect low- to mid-single digit sales growth. In our Core Laboratory Diagnostics business, which includes immunoassay and hematology, global sales in the first quarter were up nearly 7%. Instrument placements in emerging markets, such as China, continue to help drive international sales growth. In our U.S. business, we continue to expand our menu of assays and recently submitted to the agency a new ARCHITECT Assay to measure Vitamin D. Vitamin D deficiency impacts as many as 1/3 of Americans and can impair calcium absorption, risking the health of bones and muscles.  In the second quarter in our Core Laboratory Diagnostics business, we expect low- to mid-single digit sales growth. In our Point of Care Diagnostics in the first quarter, sales increased 8%. We recently received FDA clearance for a new wireless version of the i-STAT point of care testing system. This new system allows caregivers to wirelessly download i-STAT diagnostic test results directly to a patient's electronic medical record without leaving the bed side. Faster access to test results may lead to better care overall. And so for the second quarter in Point of Care Diagnostics, we expect double-digit growth. So let me turn now to our Innovation-Driven Device businesses. We start with Molecular Diagnostics, where global sales in the first quarter were up 13%, driven by international sales growth of more than 25%. We continue to gain share worldwide as we expand the m2000 menu. In Europe, we launched three new infectious disease assays for the platform: Our new Qualitative HIV-1 Assay expands the way caregivers can collect and test patient samples; our new CMV assay will help physicians monitor for a virus common in transplant recipients. And our new HPV sequencing test identifies genomic sequences of a hepatitis B virus to help better monitor and treat HPV. Also in the quarter in our Ibis business, we introduced a nonclinical assay on the PLEX-ID System, that's designed to detect numerous pathogens that can pose serious health threats to human health, food, water and other resources. Our PLEX-ID System is changing the way viruses, bacteria and other microorganisms are identified in research laboratories by not requiring technicians to predict the testing outcome. PLEX-ID technology has been deployed in 20 sites around the U.S. including the CDC and the FDA. So in the        second quarter in Molecular Diagnostics, we're expecting, again, double-digit growth. In our Vision Care business, worldwide sales were approximately $270 million in the first quarter. Globally, we continue to gain share in our Cataract business with our TECNIS multifocal and monofocal IOLs. We also continue to grow share in our Corneal business with our new RevitaLens contact lens solution. As we look ahead to the second quarter in Vision Care, we'd expect mid- to high-single digit sales growth. Let me turn now to our Vascular business, where sales in the first quarter increased 13%. International vascular sales, which is more than half of our total Vascular business increased nearly 37% in the quarter, and our sales in emerging markets increased 45%. International markets comprised 2/3 of the global drug eluting stent market. And in emerging markets, procedure volume is growing at a midteens rate. Abbott is particularly well positioned internationally and has seen impressive performance with both XIENCE and our next-generation XIENCE PRIME drug eluting stent. We have 35% share of the international DES market currently, based on our strong positions in Japan, Southeast Asia, as well as Europe, with nearly 20% of our total sales represented by emerging markets. Our global DES franchise sales in the first quarter were approximately $480 million. In the U.S., we look forward to launching our XIENCE 2.25 small vessel stent midyear this year. We are currently not participating in the Small Vessel Market segment of the DES market. And the launch of XIENCE 2.25 will allow us to drive additional XIENCE share. And in addition, in the U.S., I'm also pleased to report today that we have submitted our next-generation XIENCE PRIME DES for U.S. FDA approval. Also in the first quarter, we launched our new  TREK and MINI-TREK balloon catheters in both the U.S. and Japan. We expect these new products to drive share growth for Abbott in the Balloon segment of the market. In our Vascular pipeline, we have a number of new technologies in development. Most recently, at the American College of Cardiology, or ACC conference, in New Orleans, we presented data on both our MitraClip and ABSORB devices. MitraClip is under U.S. FDA review for the treatment of significant mitral regurgitation, which is a common and debilitating structural heart defect. Today, patients with significant MR are either treated with medication, relieving symptoms, but not stopping disease progression, or undergo arrested open-heart surgery. While surgery is a good option for many patients, there is still a significant patient population considered at high risk for surgery. Abbott's MitraClip is in development as another option to reduce mitral regurgitation. At ACC, we presented two-year data from our MitraClip pivotal trial, EVEREST II. MitraClip demonstrated superior safety to surgery and durable clinical benefits that are similar to surgery at two years. We also continued to prepare for a FDA panel review for MitraClip, midyear this year. Also in ACC, Abbott presented one-year clinical data for our ABSORB bioabsorbable vascular scaffold or BVS. These data demonstrated low major adverse cardiac events, low blood clots and low late loss. ABSORB is the first BVS to treat coronary artery disease and is designed to slowly metabolize and eventually be absorbed by the body after providing support to the vessel during the healing process. Data on our market-leading XIENCE V drug eluting stent were also presented at ACC, which demonstrated predictably low stent thrombosis rates and consistently impressive efficacy at a pooled analysis of 7,000 patients, many of whom had complex disease. In fact, XIENCE has now been studied in 30,000 patients in nearly 100 trials against six different stents and continues to perform exceptionally well. So as we look ahead to the second quarter in our Global Vascular business, we expect sales of approximately $830 million. We're on track with our previous full year expectations, and growth in the second half of the year is driven by continued international growth, particularly in emerging markets, as well as our XIENCE 2.25 launch in the U.S. So with that, I will turn the call over now to Larry, and he'll give you a review of our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business. Larry?
Larry Peepo: Thanks, John. As a reminder, we've recently globalized our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business creating one division to allow for streamlined commercial efforts and coordination between functions. Worldwide sales in this division increased more than 11%, driven by strong growth of nearly 13% in the U.S. and more than 10% internationally. Sales included the contribution from the Solvay acquisition, which closed last February. In Immunology, global HUMIRA sales increased nearly 18%. Performance is driven by international sales growth of nearly 19% and U.S. sales growth of more than 16%, consistent with the underlying trends we saw throughout the quarter. Demand for HUMIRA continues to outpace the global market, and new competitive entrants are tracking in line with our expectations for these products. Internationally, double-digit market growth continues in the major European countries, where HUMIRA holds the number one share position. And HUMIRA growth in the U.S. continues to outpace the market. We're continuing our development efforts for HUMIRA, including the study of new indications and other product enhancements. Our regulatory applications for ulcerative colitis are currently under review. And we're evaluating other incremental indications currently in mid to late-stage development. Additionally, in the coming weeks, we plan to submit regulatory applications for a new 29-gauge needle for the HUMIRA pen and syringe. When approved, the HUMIRA needle will be the thinnest in the category. HUMIRA clinical data continue to compare favorably versus existing agents or potential new competitors. Our growing body of indications and comprehensive label is among the most extensive in the class. Recently, we received approval in Europe to expand our product information for psoriasis, making HUMIRA the only biologic in the EU with long term plaque psoriasis data out to three years, included in its label. Based on an outstanding clinical profile across our full range of indications and more than 13 years of clinical experience, we are well positioned for continued success in this market. HUMIRA is off to a strong start this year, well on track to achieve our reported sales growth outlook for the product in 2011. Moving on to our lipid franchise, where sales of Niaspan were $226 million, up more than 10% in the quarter. Prescription growth significantly outpaced the growth of the overall lipid market. Our focus on high-risk patients and the positive data showing Niaspan's benefit in this population continues to drive growth. U.S. sales of TriCor/TRILIPIX increased nearly 4%. Global sales of AndroGel and Creon were $195 million and $133 million, respectively, in the quarter. AndroGel holds the number one share position in the U.S. testosterone replacement market, an attractive category where growth is being driven by increasing diagnosis and treatment of low testosterone. A new lower volume formulation of AndroGel is currently under U.S. regulatory review, and we expect approval during the second quarter. When approved, the new formulation will provide patients a more convenient application option, delivering rapid and sustained improvements in testosterone levels with less gel than the existing formulation. Creon also maintains a leadership position in the pancreatic enzyme market. And over the past year, we've captured significant market share in the U.S. We continue to garner the vast majority of new prescription starts in this category. Moving on to Lupron and Synthroid. U.S. sales of Lupron in the quarter were up more than 10%. We expect approximately $750 million in global Lupron sales in 2011. And U.S. sales of Synthroid remain strong at more than $115 million in the quarter. We expect more than $450 million in U.S. Synthroid sales in 2011. Well as we look ahead to the second quarter in our Global Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business, we expect high-single digit reported sales growth, including high-single digit growth in the U.S. and high single to low-double digit growth, internationally. Moving on to our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals pipeline, where we have a number of unique compounds in development in areas of significant medical opportunity. Chronic kidney disease or the loss of kidney function is on the rise, driven by higher rates of diabetes, obesity and an aging population. We're leveraging our decades of experience in renal disease to address this highly prevalent condition. Current treatments only modestly slow the progression of CKD, and many patients ultimately progress to dialysis and end-stage disease. Bardoxolone data strongly suggest it may slow disease progression, and they actually help reverse the progression of the disease, which no other treatment has demonstrated. We expect to present additional data from the Phase IIb study, including 52-week results at a medical meeting in the second quarter. And we're on track to initiate the global Phase III clinical program with our partner company in the coming weeks. Also in development for the treatment of kidney disease is atrasentan. Phase II data were recently published in the Journal of American Society of Nephrology. And we plan to initiate a Phase IIb study in patients with diabetic kidney disease in the second half of this year. We've also made significant progress with our internal hepatitis C program. The HCV treatment landscape is expected to change rapidly over the next several years and will evolve considerably even after the newest therapies come to market. Over the past year, our program has moved quickly, and we believe we're in a position to become a significant player. We recently presented Phase II results for our protease inhibitor, which demonstrated that 92% of patients taking ABT-450 in combination with standard of care achieved complete early response after 12 weeks of treatment. ABT-450 has a number of strong attributes, including potentially best-in-class antiviral activity, good tolerability and once daily dosing. We also recently presented Phase II data on our two polymerase inhibitors, showing both compounds were well tolerated and have antiviral activity significantly greater than standard of care alone. We believe both compounds have the potential to be complementary assets in an HCV combination treatment regimen. And we recently began a Phase II study of our NS5A inhibitor. Our HCV program will continue to progress throughout the year, as we have a number of combination trials underway, including studies with and without interferon. In Neuroscience, we're developing compounds to address conditions, such as Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's, schizophrenia, pain and MS. The Phase III study of daclizumab, our next-generation biologic being evaluated in MS, is currently underway. Abbott and our partner company expect to present data from the Phase II select study during the second half of this year. We're also continuing the Phase III development of Duodopa for advanced Parkinson's disease. Duodopa is already on the market in most European countries, where adoption is continuing to grow. In Immunology, we're leveraging our experience with HUMIRA to identify novel approaches to improve therapeutic outcomes for patients with autoimmune diseases. We continue our work on new HUMIRA indications. In addition to ulcerative colitis, we have additional indications in Phase II or Phase III studies, including uveitis. Our pipeline also includes early development work in oral DMARD therapies and biologics. And our proprietary technology brings the capability of uniting two antibodies in a single target. We expect our first combination biologic to move into Phase I clinical trials by year end. Endometriosis and fibroids are both associated with a multitude of symptoms, including pain and infertility. Our partnered compound, elagolix, has a unique profile that provides symptom reduction, while avoiding the adverse effects sometimes associated with current treatments. Planning for the Phase III clinical program for endometriosis is ongoing. We also continue to make good progress on Oncology. Our pipeline includes a number of new molecular entities for more than a dozen different cancer types. Elotuzumab has demonstrated very good response rates in multiple myeloma, the second most common blood cancer in the U.S. We recently initiated the Phase III program with our partner company. Our multi-targeted kinase inhibitor seeks to cut off the blood supply to a tumor to stop the progression of cancer. A Phase III study of the compound in liver cancer is underway, and it's also being evaluated in Phase II studies for additional cancer types. And our PARP-inhibitor, which may enhance the effectiveness of cancer therapies, is being studied in mid-stage trials for a variety of cancer types. We've also continued to make good progress in our early stage pipeline, advancing a number of compounds into human studies, including an S1P1 oral compound with potential in RA and MS, a novel EGFR compound for cancer, and we expect to begin a Phase I study this month for our next-generation highly selective Bcl-2 compound. So in summary, this quarter, Abbott delivered strong double-digit performance, with ongoing EPS growth of more than 12%, exceeding our previous outlook. This was driven by double-digit sales growth in each of our three major business categories, as well as 38% growth in emerging markets. And we confirmed our ongoing EPS outlook for the full year, reflecting double-digit growth over 2010 at the midpoint of the range. And with that, Tom, John, and I will be glad to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan.
Michael Weinstein: Tom, I was hoping we could start with a strategic question. And I think on the fourth quarter call, probably it's the fourth quarter call, but it's probably some discussion about Miles' answer to the question about any strategic options producing different assets within the business. And I was wondering if we could get your perspective on the current portfolio at Abbott. There's obviously been a lot of evolution of Abbott's portfolio over the last 10-plus years. And we wanted to get the current mix of assets and the management and board's willingness to rethink some of those assets in order to create shareholder value?
Thomas Freyman: Mike, this is Tom. I think this quarter is a good demonstration of, I believe, the quality of all our businesses. We really -- as you go down every one and you look at the revenue performance and what it translated to in overall EPS growth of over 12%, I think you can see that the portfolio is a good one. It's performing well, and it's very complementary to our overall financial objectives. We did talk a little bit about this on the fourth quarter. And as we look at these businesses, and again, looking at the performance you see, we're very happy with the outlook and potential for these businesses to contribute to our objectives, longer term. That said, we have high expectations. We have high standards for all the businesses. We're performing against them now, we believe. But as our history has shown, we are willing to take actions, as appropriate to enhance shareholder value, to put these businesses in a place where they're going to operate and flourish. But right now, I'd say that the portfolio is very strong.
Michael Weinstein: You guys got the math that suggested organic growth was just over 6% this quarter, I think our numbers were close to that, maybe a tad lower. Your guidance for the year, Tom, what does that imply for organic growth over the balance of 2011?
Thomas Freyman: Similar to what we said on the fourth quarter call. We had high-single digit overall sales growth forecasted at that point in time. We had around 3% impact of acquisitions, so north of 6% organic growth, and we delivered that.  Actually, we did deliver over that at this quarter. And we would expect a pretty consistent performance against that throughout the year.
Michael Weinstein: And then last question, and then I'll let some others jump in here. But you gave a good overview, I think Larry did there, on some of the Pharmaceutical pipeline products. Can you just give us your estimation of where you are in competitiveness with your Hep C platform? You moved, I know, the combination product into a clinical trial recently, and obviously that space has gotten more crowded. There's been a significant advancements in just the last few months. Could you spend another minute on your program?
Larry Peepo: Yes, this is Larry. We certainly do believe that we've made some very nice progress here, very quickly, and believe that we have a strong combination program under development here with multiple mechanisms of action. And as I said in my remarks, we're certainly looking at those in interferon-free ways as well, with the combination of polymerase, protease, NS5A. We'll see where we go. We're also trying to take a look at shortening up duration of therapy, course of therapy, et cetera. And again, feel like we've made some great steps here recently. Certainly, there's going to be some products launched here near term. But as we look at what they represent to the treatment community, we certainly don't believe that the uptake of those is going to rapidly de-warehouse the HCV space. And I think the treating clinicians have a very good understanding of what's in the pipeline, including ours, that could provide some significant benefit to patients down the road. So as we look at it, I think these new agents are going to get some of the HCV patients who are pretty far along in the course of their disease. But I do believe that the physicians will be waiting for these other follow-on therapies, including the combination treatment. So we feel great about where we're at right now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Larry, HUMIRA is off to give a better start this year than obviously we expected. And it sounds like a lot of that strength is coming from emerging markets, but there was some competitor disruption. And I think it's probably too early in the year to sort of change your outlook for HUMIRA. But can you just sort of talk about the underlying factors? And how sustainable you think those are throughout the balance of the year?
Thomas Freyman: You mentioned the ex-US piece. And certainly, the markets, as I've said in my remarks, continue to grow strong double digits. So the International business is off to a great start. I think what probably is working even better than we thought initially this year is the U.S. market. We've seen scripts now growing and kind of the high-single digits approaching 10% for us. Our team has done some very nice things early in the year, from a competitive positioning and some real proactive work that they did to mitigate a little bit of that January effect that we've seen in the past. So they've done a great job there and we've seen great growth in the U.S. And as we look at the rest of the year, maybe we've seen a little bit of economic benefit there, too, as the economy is stabilizing, maybe move forward a little bit for us. But we would expect these trends to continue and like I said, we're well on track with HUMIRA to achieve our outlook for 2011.
David Lewis: And just maybe two more quick questions. I  guess, Larry, just thinking about competitive data that have sort of come out and kind of, pre-ular [ph] here, looking at different dosing for the JAK inhibitor class. We obviously saw in the lower dose, one of your competitors, not showing significant radiographic change. I guess as you think about the outlook of sustainability of HUMIRA, how should we kind of think about that data in terms of resilience of the franchise?
Thomas Freyman: Well clearly, radiographic progression is very important, not only to the patient, but also to the treating physician. And you mentioned the 5-milligram dose failing that primary end point. That's very important if you look at the HUMIRA data. That was a six-month readout. If you look at HUMIRA at six months or 24 weeks, we did show statistically significant radiographic inhibition at 52 weeks, and we've maintained that kind of benefit out to 8 years now in our data sets. So I think at the end of the day for the rheumatologist, that is paramount to their view of products. And we'll have to see where they go from here. But for us, that data is very strong in our label and something that we discuss with physicians all the time.
David Lewis: And just maybe one last question, I'll jump back in queue. I think post the American College meeting, a lot of investors are trying to figure out what are the implications for competitive stent launches in the U.S. marketplace? Maybe just talk a little about what you're seeing, in terms of European trends with XIENCE and PRIME versus Element in the European market? And what we should expect as you see those products come to the U.S. market?
John Thomas: Yes. So David, this is John. We've -- as I mentioned in my remarks, our data at ACC was supplemental to the data we've shown on XIENCE in the past, good strong data on both the base platform and also absorb. But we look at the rest of the world, we probably -- there's probably a lack of attention paid to the ex-U.S. markets versus the U.S., and the visibility there for us is good, where about 2/3 of that overall worldwide market is outside the U.S. And we've done quite well there. XIENCE and XIENCE PRIME account for more than 30% of share in Europe. And that's the leadership position. And at the same time, we've seen that the competitor product you mentioned has actually lost considerable amount of share while we've gained share in Europe on that. And of course, we've done extremely well in Japan, where we have approximately 50% share. And the market has been quite receptive. And then of course, there's emerging markets, like China, that we mentioned in our remarks as well. So it's a strong market. We're very pleased with performance there. As I mentioned in the comments as well, we have now announced that we have filed PRIME in the U.S., so we're very comfortable with our time line there of getting into the U.S. market by mid-2012 or sooner. And then we have the other products you mentioned, too, that will help us in those areas where we don't have a position to date, like the small vessels and of course, PRIME with the long lesions. So that's the stent piece of it and of course, there's other components of it, like TREK and then, down the road, MitraClip. So I feel pretty good about where we're at.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn Novarro: Two questions. One, you had a very good vascular quarter, on top of our expectations, top Street expectations. Your guidance for 2Q, if I heard it correctly, was for $830 million, which is below 1Q levels. I'm wondering is that conservative? Is that trying to factor in Japan? And then my second question has to do with Japan, just overall for the organization, is there much of an impact? And then I'll follow-up with other question. Thanks.
John Thomas: While there's a couple of dynamics at play there, probably in the mix is lower PROMUS sales, some overall lower U.S. DES sales as we're holding share. But as you know, the market has taken some price, and we're seeing that as well. When we do launch the 225 NANO in the second half of the year, we think that will help offset. Of course in that business, and Tom can talk to this more than I can, is the bottom line impact of improvements in margin profile for that business, which is key to the overall profitability story. So net-net for the full year, we feel pretty good overall. And it gets back to what I just mentioned, in terms of 2/3 of the market being outside the U.S., where we are seeing strong performance of XIENCE and XIENCE PRIME.
Thomas Freyman: Glenn, I'll take the question on Japan. First of all, clearly, our thoughts are with the people there as they begin to recover from this tragedy. Our situation is all of our employees are safe. We've been aiding as much as we can to help there. Our -- the Abbott fund contributed $3 million right up front to the relief effort. So we're doing everything we can to help. We've looked at the business impact of this, and there will be some economic disruption across the businesses. But we factored that into our forecast, and it's not material really for our outlook.
Glenn Novarro: Let me tell you this one quick follow-up. At the end of this month, you're going to stop supplying J&J with rapid-exchange catheters for the Cypher system. Do you know how much supply they have of your rapid-exchange catheters? I'm just trying to figure out how the market changes over the next couple of quarters if Cypher is no longer available on a rapid-exchange catheter?
Thomas Freyman: Yes, I wouldn't be able to comment on J&J's position. You might be better served asking to them. You're correct that, that agreement has come to a conclusion, and that's about all we can really say. And I can't comment on their business.
Operator: Our next question is from Rick Wise from Leerink Swann.
Frederick Wise: Let me turn to the pharma pipeline. Larry, very carefully, in your press release highlights the many projects underway. You have a couple in Phase III, daclizumab and elotuzumab in neuro-oncology. Maybe -- it'd be really helpful, if from your perspective, Tom, you could tell us whether it's these two Phase IIIs or some of the Phase IIs -- which should we be focused on as the most important, perhaps, one or two incremental growth drivers and over the next one, two, three, four years, whatever the right time frame should be?
Thomas Freyman: Well Rick, we have a number -- we have pretty much the product Larry went through are our later-phase programs. The HCV space is moving rapidly. That is certainly one that you should watch. The developments happened there with quite rapid change. Daclizumab is a program in Phase III. That's one that we're very, very excited about, given the hopefully, very positive safety and efficacy profile of the product. Elotuzumab, again, in Phase III and our partner company is also extremely excited about the prospects for that product. So I think those are...
Larry Peepo: Bardoxolone...
Thomas Freyman: Yes, and then I guess the other big one is bardoxolone. Those are the four that are in the later stages that in the time frame you mentioned are going to start contributing nicely to our growth. And really everything we've seen from a clinical perspective and all those that are progressing according to plan, I guess I'd have to throw one more in there. Elagolix is a program that will be moving into Phase III, we believe, in the not-too-distant future. And it's another later-stage program. So it's hard to discern because they're all in similar phase of development, and we'll be hitting in similar time frames. So all five of those are our products to launch.
Frederick Wise: So there's no one that stands out then, you're saying?
Thomas Freyman: I mean, they're all -- every one of these licensing opportunities we've looked at are significant potential contributors if the clinical profile turns out to be what we suspect and hoped when we entered the deals. And they're all on track with our expectations.  And often -- in many cases a year into our working with the companies and our experience with the programs.
Frederick Wise: Turning back to gross margin, Tom. You highlighted some of the pressures that dragged your gross margin about healthcare reform rebates and the EU pricing and FX. And that we're -- it seems like you think we're going to see 100 basis points or so improvement sequentially in the second quarter. Can you just help me understand -- so all the drags basically go away and so the natural benefits of mix kick in?
Thomas Freyman: First of all, things like U.S. Healthcare Reform, European pricing, those types of things that are truly significant headwinds this year, we laid that all out on our fourth quarter call. And that was all in our planning and expectations. And despite some very good underlying trends in product mix and cost-production efforts in the businesses, even in the fourth quarter, as we were forecasting 2011, we believe we'd see modest gross margin improvement, but kind of a transitional year while we got those kind of onetime pricing impacts behind us. Our first quarter, typically, just from a product mix point of view, is a little softer than other quarters. That's part of -- as the mix improved going into the second quarter and the rest of the year, that's going to be the big driver. The one thing that has changed since we talked last January is just a very rapid weakening of the dollar. And again in our company, there's a lag between the sales benefit of a weaker dollar and the margin benefits, which are going to come later in the year. So that is really the one thing that's changed. And you're right going forward, it's better product mix, growth of the higher margin products that's going to continue to boost that gross margin as we move into the second quarter.
Frederick Wise: And you're still on track for the di-move [ph] accretion from Solvay this year and $0.12 next year? That's still the right numbers?
Thomas Freyman: Well we're very much on track, and we're probably doing somewhat better than that.
Operator: Our next question is from Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin: Tom, question just sort of a follow-up from one of the earlier strategic questions. I'm just trying to understand why you've gone to the great lengths to recharacterize your major businesses apart from providing greater transparency into Established Pharmaceuticals, i.e. emerging markets? I'm just wondering what it says about the strategic importance of these three business units? And I do think it's interesting...
Thomas Freyman: That's a good question.
Jami Rubin: Can I -- yes, I think it's interesting that you're reporting prescription, or rather emerging -- or what do you call it? Emerging pharmaceuticals as part of Durable businesses, not Prescription Pharmaceuticals. And I'm just going to throw this out there, but I'm just wondering if you're preparing investors for an eventual sort of spin or shakeup or whatever you might call it, of one of those three businesses? And it's the business that is now smaller, but I would think would be a major candidate. But maybe if you could talk to that, that would be great? And then just a follow-up, a nitty-gritty one. On SG&A, your guidance going into the year was a little above 27% of sales. Should we now assume that's more like 28% just because of where currencies are falling?
Thomas Freyman: No, let's take the SG&A comment first. Our forecast for full year SG&A is exactly on what we said in the fourth quarter. It's around 27% or maybe a little bit more than 27% of sales, so no change in that. The reason we've started to categorize our businesses in this way is really to help investors better understand the product mix in the business. We truly believe that the Established Pharmaceuticals business, which is primarily branded, generic and emerging market has a different set of attributes than traditional patented pharmaceutical product. We think that investors, particularly those who are new to the story that haven't been following us as long as people like yourself, Jaime, don't have quite the appreciation of the mix of the businesses. There's a perception that we are primarily a patented pharmaceutical company. And when you we look at these sales breakdowns as we've presented, we are 40% Durable growth, which include that Established Pharma, but it also includes Nutritional, Diagnostics, other very durable businesses with good growth opportunity. We're about 40% Patented Pharma, which I think is the number that surprises some people that really have not studied the company as carefully as others. And then we're about 15% Innovation-Driven Devices. And we just want to be sure that the underlying attributes and nature of these businesses, and particularly, the durability of this Durable Growth segment from a cash generation point of view, the lack of exposure to the riskier patent cycles and R&D cycles that you see in, for example, the Patented Pharma business, that really is understood. And this is a more predictable type of grouping of businesses that I think speaks to the investment character of the company. So that's really what we're trying to do, and we're going to continue to try to demonstrate the business this way. And hopefully, that will have some ultimate improved appreciation or, perhaps, valuation of the underlying businesses.
Jami Rubin: Just Tom, if I could follow-up. What will this mean with respect to your future capital allocation strategy? In other words, are there, it seems that if I were to ask you, what is your core competency, your core competency, is it prescription drugs or is it Durable businesses? And just in terms of how you think about allocating capital, i.e. M&A, going forward how would you prioritize your three businesses?
Thomas Freyman: Well we have to be outstanding cost competitors in every single one of these businesses. And we can't be -- we can't lack core competency on any one. The only way our portfolio like this make sense, which we believe ultimately drives a very good investment profile for investors, is to be excellent in every single business. And so, I really can't answer that question. Every single one of these businesses has to be competitive, in terms of R&D investment, talent, processes and all the other things that make a business successful. So there is -- it doesn't say -- our capital is going to go to those opportunities that have the highest risk-adjusted opportunity. And if all businesses have equal opportunity, they're all going to get their fair share of capital. If programs and investments come forward that have better risk-adjusted returns, they're probably going to get a little more of the capital piece.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tony Butler from Barclays Capital.
Anthony Butler: One question around the Nutritionals business. Given the disruption that occurred in manufacturing for powdered formula over a year ago, the question becomes have margins in that business returned to normal? And are they potentially capable of improving? And then I have one follow-on.
Thomas Freyman: Yes, thanks, Tony. It is true that in 2010, the overall margins in our Nutritional business went down a couple three points from what they have been running at. And that was largely due to the recall last fall. The product that was recalled is a very important one for us. I think the really good news is that, that team is doing an outstanding job regaining share. The numbers you see in terms of reported sales being only slightly down in the U.S. Nutrition business, I think reflect that execution. And frankly, they reflect above expectations performance in the other businesses beyond Nutrition, which is where the recall occurred. So this year, we expect some modest progress in, at least, as we looked at the original plan, some modest improvement back in the Nutrition business margins as we went through the recovery process. But if we do better, as it looks like we may do in the U.S. business, which is an important piece of the product mix story there, we could do better than our planning assumption. And I know that, that's what the team and our business is aiming to do. But beyond that, Tony, even if we get back to where we were, say in '09, in terms of margin in this business, we're really not satisfied with that, as we've looked at some competitor margins. We definitely could do better, and we've got a number of activities going on within that business, really focused on margin improvement. And we believe that in the years after 2011, that team will deliver a steadily improving and, hopefully, significantly improving margin in that Global Nutrition business. So we've got some pretty big aspirations there. And hopefully as we move forward, we'll be able to show some even better results on margins in the Nutrition business.
Thomas Freyman: Thank you, Tom, and one final question. Where you laid out, very nicely again, some R&D activities, one around bardoxolone, as that Phase III begins to ramp. Is Abbott responsible for the entire cost of development for that Phase III program for its ex-U.S. submission? Thanks.
Thomas Freyman: No, there's shared R&D on that program.
Operator: Our next question is from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: What is your guidance assumed for generic Tricor in the U.S.? Is there a chance we could see generic before July 2012, given some of the movement on the generic side?
Thomas Freyman: No, we don't believe so. They're -- we're fairly confident that Tricor generic competitors will come in mid-2012, this year.
Larry Biegelsen: And then on the Vascular side. You're initiating a limited launch of BVS in Europe. Have you made a pricing decision? Obviously that's something that could turn around the price erosion we've seen there. And just lastly on MitraClip, I don't know if you want to comment on the proposed reimbursement we saw last night. If I was reading the document correctly, it looked like it was being mapped to a relatively low-paying DRG? Thanks.
John Thomas: Hi, Larry. This is John. Let me take your last question first. The DRG, I think, has been out there for some time. It's obviously not final and open for public commentary at this point. As you know, it's all part of the process. We believe at Abbott that the appropriate DRG payments should be more in line with DRG rate for patients who are undergoing open-heart surgery. But this is something that will be discussed and it's just one step in the overall reimbursement process for a new product like MitraClip and so we'll see how it goes and we're hopeful that it would be eventually coded that way. As for ABSORB, I think as we said in the past that we're not specifically discussing pricing for a product that's a couple of years away in the U.S. But clearly with the benefits that we have shown with the product and if the clinical data continues to demonstrate the type of response that we see and then also giving patients the benefit of not having any material left in the vessel and the flexibility and natural healing elements and all the attributes, this could be a game-changing technology. And will likely warrant a premium price in the marketplace, but that's -- a lot not yet to be determined there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rajeev Jashnani from UBS.
Rajeev Jashnani: Larry, you touched on IMS growth for HUMIRA. And I think over the last two quarters, we've seen your TRX growth in the 8% to 9% range with reported rev growth of 13% last quarter, 16% this quarter. I was just wondering if you could comment on what kind of pricing you're seeing for HUMIRA right now and if that's improving? And if so, how sustainable that might be?
Thomas Freyman: Well we do have the difference, generally speaking, between TRX -- obviously TRX growth is somewhat of a blunt instrument. But we use it as an approximation, I guess, for script trends overall. The difference between script trends and the ultimate reported percentage growth is likely price. You're well aware of the history of the price increases here on HUMIRA over the last year. There weren't any new HUMIRA increases in 2011. But I would ascribe that differential between script trends and the reported growth in the U.S. to realize the price. I think that's fair.
Rajeev Jashnani: Do you see that level of pricing that we've seen over the last two quarters as sustainable?
Thomas Freyman: Well, it's been fairly consistent. Year-over-year, we've been in kind of a 10 to 12-month clock. And it's been in that 4% to 5% range, and we don't predict future price increases, but you can see that as, kind have been our history.
Rajeev Jashnani: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from Robert Hopkins from Bank of America.
Robert Hopkins: Just finish up here with a couple of in-the-weeds questions on Vascular. Now that we're getting closer to the end of the agreement with Boston Scientific, I was just curious if you guys could give any clarity on the contribution that you've been realizing from that royalty payment for those guys? Is that something you're going to disclose?
John Thomas: No, we haven't specifically broken out that particular payment, but we're obviously eager to have XIENCE PRIME on the market and more than willing to compete head-to-head for that share where a lot of docs, as you know, are very comfortable with the platform as it exists today and would appreciate an improvement on that product. So that's the way we're looking at a chance to get 100%.
Robert Hopkins: Okay. And then with ABSORB, I know it's very early and it's a very limited situation in Europe. But in the centers where it has been launched and in the addressable market, is there any qualitative or quantitative commentary that you can give on the reception of that product in its limited form right now?
John Thomas: Yes, I think that a reception's been very good. We've been pleased with the rate of uptake of centers across Europe. Doctors seem to be pleased with the performance of the product. As you know, as we showed at ACC, the one-year Cohort B data looked very good and confirmed the six and nine-month results that we've previously seen with no thrombosis and low MACE rates, low weight loss, et cetera returning the vessel to a more normal functioning. So I think they're excited about it. They're excited about the fact of leaving patients with a healed vessel and no metal implant. So we still have a ways to go, but so far so good. And I think what we're seeing in Europe is reflective of the potential and future for the product worldwide and in the U.S. So we're pleased.
Robert Hopkins: I mean you're taking a lot of share on a couple of individual accounts in its addressable market or is it mostly just being trialed at this point?
John Thomas: It's being trialed right now. We do expect to be in about 80 centers worldwide by the end of this year. And so it's nothing that we're specifically breaking out at this time, Remember, we don't have any revenues in our plan this year for the product.
Robert Hopkins: And then 225 in the U.S., would you say that -- what percentage of the market is 225 in the U.S. today? 10% to 15% or is it less?
John Thomas: Well, I think it's a little less than that. Maybe 5% to 10%.
Robert Hopkins: And then finally for me just on the same topic or similar topic. Stent pricing in the U.S. before ABSORB comes, is there any reason to believe that it would be anything different than the sort of negative 7% to 10% that we've been seeing. Any reason to think that we might see an improvement in stent pricing going forward or not really?
John Thomas: Well, as you know, there has been a sequential decline in pricing in the marketplace. We still believe that XIENCE is a premium product overall. And with XIENCE PRIME coming and some of the other products that we've mentioned, we'll see how pricing goes. We're not counting on a robust pricing environment in our outlook. We'll model more conservatively, but there are some new technologies in the pipeline for us and some others and  those should command a premium price in the market.
John Thomas: Thanks, Bob. That's going to conclude our call for today. We would appreciate any feedback you have on the supplemental materials that we provided to investors today in our earnings release with the three business categories and the emerging markets. We'd tell you that a replay of the call will be available after 11:00 Central today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com and after 11:00 a.m. Central via telephone at (203) 369-3583. The confirmation code for that is 2128742. And an audio replay will be available until 4:00 p.m. of this call on Wednesday, May 4. Thank you and call us if you have any questions.
Operator: Thank you, and this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question and answer session, is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs.
John Thomas: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President of Investor Relations. Miles will provide his opening remarks and Tom will review the details of our fourth quarter results and our outlook for 2011. I'll then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, Miles, Tom, Larry and I will take your questions. Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, and in Item 1A, Risk Factors to our quarterly reports on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2010, and September 30, 2010, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as we do in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help our investors understand Abbots ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. And so with that, it's my pleasure to introduce Miles White. Miles?
Miles White: Thanks, John. Good morning. This morning, I'll review our 2010 performance as well as our outlook for 2011. Tom and John will walk you through the details of our fourth quarter and full year results, as well as our 2011 outlook and then well take your questions. As you can see from our earnings news release, Abbott reported another year of industry-leading performance in 2010. Despite the strength of this performance, it was a challenging year for Abbott as it was for the entire healthcare industry and for the global economy. In 2010, the healthcare industry, as a whole, faced a number of significant headwinds. These pressures have been well documented and include the slow recovery of the global economy, the costs associated with U.S. healthcare reform, European pricing pressures and austerity measures in a regulatory environment in which it's frankly more difficult to get products approved. Each of these factors is considerable in and of itself. Combined, they added up to a significant impact on our business. Despite this, we delivered. We managed through the challenges, as we've always done, and delivered double-digit EPS growth. However, this is the environment we're operating in, and so we have to continue to respond in ways that protect our shareholders and strengthen the long-term sustainability of our business. This morning, we took actions in our Pharmaceutical business to reduce commercial and manufacturing operating costs primarily in the U.S. You'll recall that we took similar actions outside the U.S. last year in conjunction with the Solvay integration. At the same time in 2010, we built for our future by expanding our emerging markets infrastructure and investing in and expanding our pipeline. As we announced this morning, Abbott achieved full year ongoing EPS growth of 12%. We also drove a 200 basis point improvement in gross margin to more than 60% of sales and delivered another record year of operating cash flow of more than $8 billion, well exceeding our 2009 level of $7.3 billion. And we returned $2.7 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends. Our payout ratio is strong at more than 40%. We've increased our dividend for 38 consecutive years making Abbott one of only a handful of U.S. companies to deliver with such consistency. Our results, again, underscore why we've remained a broad-based healthcare company with a diverse mix of businesses and geographic operations as well as numerous sources of earnings and cash flow. Out of that diversity, we can achieve strong, reliable performance. That's our identity and that's what you expect from us. As we announced this morning, we expect to deliver double-digit earnings growth, again, in 2011. I'll talk more about the year ahead in just a moment. In 2010, our sales and earnings growth came in many different forms: from our existing products, from new product launches, from geographic expansions and from acquisitions. We maintained commercial leadership positions in a wide range of attractive growth markets and importantly, we not only grew our sales, but we improved the profitability of our operating businesses. So let me highlight a few examples. In our Vascular business, which includes more than 100 brands across more than a dozen segments, our XIENCE family of drug-eluting stents captured the number one global position with its successful launch in Japan early last year. We also hold the number one position in the metallic stents and guide wires and expect the forthcoming U.S. launch of our TREK balloon to help us capture the number one market position in that category as well. As a result of our success, Abbott Vascular has quadrupled its operating margin from 2008 to 2010 to more than $900 million. In Pharmaceutical, we successfully completed the acquisitions of both Solvay Pharmaceuticals and Piramal Healthcare Solutions, which added significant commercial infrastructure in emerging markets, hundreds of new branded generics as well as two market-leading products, CREON and AndroGel. HUMIRA, our biologic for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, delivered growth of nearly 20% for 2010. We are well positioned with this product over the long term including continued double-digit growth in 2011. In Vision Care, we hold the number one position in LASIK and the number two position in cataract lens technology, launching several new intraocular lenses last year and a new contact lens solution. Our Nutrition business is one of the strongest globally. It generates high return on invested capital and significant cash flow. Outside the United States, we expect to maintain double-digit growth with stronger growth in emerging markets. In the U.S., our underlying performance is strong. However, as you know last year, we had a recall of some our infant formula products. We've addressed it, and our recovery is tracking slightly ahead of our expectations as we work hard to recapture our share. Within Core Laboratory Diagnostics, Abbott holds the number one position globally in blood screening and immunoassay diagnostics, where we launched a number of key assays last year and expect to launch a dozen more this year. Our Molecular and Point of Care Diagnostics businesses are smaller in size but are growing at a strong double-digit pace. And over the last several years, we've significantly improved cash flow generation and expanded operating margins in our Diagnostics businesses. We expect steady improvement going forward. In 2010, we also took a number of important strategic steps to continue to position Abbott for long-term sustainable growth in an increasingly difficult environment and rapidly changing world. We focused on building our infrastructure in emerging markets as well as our pipeline. I'll start with emerging markets, which will play a critical role in the success of the healthcare industry going forward. Today, Abbott is one of the best-positioned healthcare companies to capture growth in this segment. Over the past several years, we've expanded our product offerings and strengthened our emerging markets' presence across our businesses. And in 2010, we took several actions to frame our future in these regions. In addition to completing the Solvay and Piramal acquisitions, we entered into a licensing agreement with Zydus Cadila of India. These actions, together, expanded our presence in many of the most populous, fast-growing markets. They brought us a large portfolio of stable, branded generic products and together with our existing businesses made us the largest pharmaceutical company in India, an $8 billion pharmaceutical market that's expected to double in the next five years. We also created our new Established Products Division, or EPD. Similar to what we did it with our international Nutritionals business several years ago, we carved out EPD from our international pharmaceuticals organization to give it the focus it needs to drive profitable growth of our branded generics portfolio, particularly in emerging markets. These product have strong brand identity and customer loyalty that make them more profitable than traditional commodity generics. In 2011, we expect EPD sales of approximately $5 billion. These actions have given us the right commercial footprint to become one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in emerging markets, which are expected to grow at 3x the rate of developed markets. This is driven by population growth, rising incomes and modernization of health systems and an increase in the treatment of chronic diseases. These markets represent one of the greatest opportunities in healthcare, not only in pharmaceuticals, but across our business segments. We are also focused on maximizing the growth potential of our International and Nutritionals business. After Pharmaceuticals, it's the second largest segment of our business in emerging markets. We expect to more than double our Nutritionals sales in emerging markets over the next five years, with sales in China alone approaching $1 billion by 2014. Abbott is particularly well positioned to take advantage of the growth we're seeing in emerging markets as evidenced by our results today. In 2010, our total sales in emerging markets broadly defined for more than $8 billion or nearly 25% of Abbott's total sales. In 2011, we expect sales to exceed $9 billion for this geographic segment and by 2014, we expect more than $14 billion in emerging markets sales reflecting a compound annual growth rate of more than 15%. As important as capturing new geographic growth opportunities is, is the development of our new product pipeline. At our core, we are an innovation-driven business and developing new life-saving and life-changing medicines and technologies for patients is vital to our long-term success. In 2010, we invested 10% of our sales or $3.5 billion in research and development across our broad-based pipeline. We made progress advancing our own internal pipeline and aggressively enhanced our mid- and late-stage pharmaceutical pipelines through licensing and acquisitions. We added a total of four new molecular entities that are in late stage development. And by the end of this year, we'll have nearly 20 new molecular entities and indications in Phase II or III. This includes unique compounds for hepatitis C, chronic kidney disease, neuroscience and pain management, women's health, immunology and oncology, among other areas of high medical benefit and opportunity. Let me highlight a few of the more promising opportunities. We've made significant progress with our internal hepatitis C program. The HCV treatment landscape is expected to change rapidly over the next several years and will evolve considerably even after the newest therapies come to market. In HCV, it's not about arriving first but arriving with the best treatment. Last year, our program moved faster than any competitors, and we believe we're in a position to become a significant player. We're one of the only companies with compound spending multiple mechanisms of action. We have one of the best HCV protease inhibitors in development, based on data that's shown unprecedented antiviral activity. We'll present additional data on that compound as well as our other HCV compounds throughout the year. We expect to have five different Phase II HCV programs underway by year-end. Through our agreement with Reata Pharmaceuticals, we acquired international rights to bardoxolone excluding certain Asian markets. It's a compound for chronic kidney disease that we expect to enter Phase III in the first half of this year. Chronic kidney disease is a significant cost to the global healthcare system, driven by a patient's eventual need for dialysis. Bardoxolone has the potential to prevent and possibly reverse the progression CKD. To date, no treatment has been shown to reverse disease progression. Bardoxolone could change the treatment landscape as well as have a significant economic benefit to the healthcare system. In our neuroscience pipeline, we have 14 compounds in human trials to address a myriad of conditions from pain to Alzheimer's disease to multiple sclerosis. Daclizumab is a biologic for multiple sclerosis that we obtained through our acquisition of Facet last year. It's currently in Phase III studies and has the potential to offer enhanced efficacy over many existing MS therapies along with a favorable safety profile. We also continue to make good progress in oncology. Our pipeline includes a number of new molecular entities in clinical development for more than a dozen different cancer types. Elotuzumab, which we also acquired through the Facet acquisition, has demonstrated very good response rates in relapsed multiple myeloma, the second most common blood cancer in the U.S. We anticipate initiating Phase III development with our partner company early this year. So as you can see, we have a lot moving forward in our pharmaceutical pipeline, and look forward to numerous new trial starts and new data presentations throughout the year. We also expect 2011 to be an active year in our medical devices pipeline. In the Vascular business, we're working on well-staged advances and truly game-changing technologies that have the ability to restate the market. These include devices such as XIENCE NANO and XIENCE PRIME in the U.S., as well as our bioresorbable vascular scaffold or BVS technology called ABSORB. We recently received European approval for ABSORB and are several years ahead of any competitor in this space. Given its unique attributes, we believe ABSORB has the ability to revolutionize the treatment of coronary artery disease. Another potential breakthrough technology in our vascular pipeline is MitraClip, which treats significant mitral regurgitation. It's the most common structural heart defect and causes numerous downstream effects such as congestive heart failure, stroke and eventually death. MitraClip is on the market in Europe and is under U.S. FDA review. We continue to work toward an advisory panel for MitraClip in 2011. In our Vision Care pipeline, we expect 20 new products and technology advancements over the next five years. In Diagnostics, we have a number of new assays and next-generation systems launching over the next several years that collectively will contribute to our future growth. This includes our IBIS molecular technology, which has numerous applications including forensics, bio-preparedness, public health surveillance and bio-pharmaceutical testings. So as I look back at 2010, despite the many challenges that are impacting our industry, Abbott had another productive year. As we look to 2011, we have a realistic view of our future. We're planning and preparing for a similar environment. It's not getting any easier. However, we have a very experienced management team that has navigated through some difficult headwinds before and I have every confidence that we will succeed. Well continue to respond and structure the company to be successful going forward. At the same time, we're enhancing R&D productivity and expanding geographically to capture new growth opportunities in the years ahead. As our industry continues to evolve, so does Abbott. We expect our earnings per share growth trajectory to remain at the top of our peer group, maintaining Abbott's long-established position as a dependable, durable, high-performing leader in the healthcare industry. Our diversified base of earnings and our ability to manage through adversity, differentiates Abbott from many of its peers and as a result despite challenges in the global business environment, we are confident on our strong financial position and we continue to target double-digit earnings per share growth in the years ahead. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom and John for a more detailed overview of the fourth quarter as well as 2011. And then we'll come back and take your questions. Tom?
Thomas Freyman: Thanks, Miles. As you can see, from our earnings news release this morning we had a strong fourth quarter delivering double-digit sales and ongoing earnings growth, and we are very pleased with our overall performance in 2010 as we delivered top-tier results. For the fourth quarter, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share of $1.30, an increase of 10.2% over the prior year consistent with our previous guidance. Sales growth in the quarter was 13.4% including an unfavorable 0.4% impact from exchange rate. The adjusted gross margin ratio was 60.6%, up 230 basis points from the prior year. The ratio reflects improving operating performance across several businesses including Vascular, Pharmaceutical, Diabetes Care and Diagnostics. We also had strong investment spending in the quarter, including the contribution from the Solvay Pharmaceuticals acquisition. Ongoing R&D investment was nearly 10% of sales, reflecting continued progress in our broad-based pipeline. This includes opportunities in medical devices and Nutritionals as well as promising clinical programs in HCV, oncology, chronic kidney disease and neuroscience. Overall, as we look at 2010, we delivered double-digit ongoing EPS growth despite a number of factors that impacted our industry. We improved our competitive position in emerging markets and added to our late-stage pipeline and are taking actions to improve the overall efficiency of the company, while continuing to invest in the business to drive future growth. Today, we issued 2011 ongoing earnings per share guidance of $4.54 to $4.64. As Miles noted, this reflects another year of double-digit growth as the midpoint of the range. Before I get into the specifics of guidance for the year, let me discuss some of the factors that have influenced our outlook for 2011. This includes a number of environmental factors that are impacting the industry around the world. As we outlined last year, after the passage of U.S. healthcare reform, there are new aspects of the bill that will become effective in 2011 for all pharmaceutical companies. For Abbott specifically, these represent an incremental cost of more than $200 million in 2011. This is in addition to more than $200 million in increased rebates resulting from the bills that were implemented in 2010. The new aspects of the bill for 2011 include the pharmaceutical industry fee and additional rebates related to the Medicare Part D donut hole. In accordance with industry accounting guidance, the Pharmacy must be recorded as an SG&A expense. The additional costs associated with the Medicare donut hole will be recorded as a reduction to net sales in the U.S. Pharma business. Our 2011 outlook also reflects that carryover impact on pharmaceutical pricing from the European austerity measures implemented last year and an estimate of actions anticipated in 2011. As you know, significant actions taken by several European countries largely occurred in the second half of last year. So there is an incremental impact in 2011. Our forecast of the combined incremental 2011 impact of these 2010 and 2011 pricing actions exceeds $250 million. Our 2011 guidance assumes that we continue the recovery in our U.S. Nutritionals business that we've seen in recent weeks following the recall last year. Inventories in the distribution channel are near normal levels. The recall will create difficult sales comparisons for this business in the first half of 2011, as John will discuss in a few minutes. And finally, as you know, Abbott has historically reported the quarterly results of our International businesses on a one-month lag. We will be eliminating the one-month lag beginning in 2011, resulting in more timely reporting of international results as well as certain internal efficiencies. As you are aware, in 2010, our reported international results reflected the 12 months ended November 30. For 2011, our international results will reflect the 12 months ended December 31. We do not expect any material variations in comparisons of sales and ongoing results to the prior year due to this change. So with these factors and assumptions in mind, let's turn back to our outlook for 2011. Regarding sales in 2011, we expect high-single-digit growth including the contribution from the acquisitions of Solvay Pharmaceuticals, which closed in February 2010, and Piramal Healthcare Solutions, which closed in September 2010. This is particularly strong growth given the expectations Ive mentioned for the impacts of U.S. healthcare reform, European pricing and our U.S. Nutritionals business in the first half. We are assuming a neutral impact from foreign exchange on full year 2011 sales. Also for 2011, we're forecasting an adjusted gross margin ratio somewhat above 2010, which was 60.2%, reflecting underlying and favorable product mix and efficiency initiatives, partially offset by the impacts from U.S. healthcare reform and European pricing measures. We're forecasting continuing strong investments in R&D to drive long-term growth, with R&D of around 10% of sales. We forecast SG&A at somewhat above 27% of sales. This reflects some SG&A leverage despite our continued investment in emerging markets infrastructure across the businesses and the negative impact of the pharmacy associated with U.S. healthcare reform, which is inflating SG&A growth over 2010, as I mentioned earlier. Were forecasting net interest expense of approximately $475 million in 2011, and we're not forecasting share repurchases in 2011 as we plan to build additional liquidity this year. Now let's turn to our quarterly earnings outlook. Were forecasting quarterly ongoing EPS growth in 2011 that's fairly consistent with our full year growth guidance of approximately 10% at the midpoint of the range. Today, for the first time, we're providing first quarter ongoing EPS guidance of $0.88 to $0.90, the midpoint of which would reflect double-digit growth. We're forecasting specified items for the first quarter of approximately $0.32 per share, primarily associated with acquisition integration, cost reduction initiatives and in-process R&D related to the Reata collaboration. We're forecasting mid-teens sales growth in the first quarter including the impact of the Solvay and Piramal acquisitions. We've assumed an unfavorable impact from exchange on sales of approximately 1% and a gross margin ratio approaching 60% in the first quarter. We forecast the tax rate at 15.5% to 16% in the first quarter. As a reminder, in the first quarter, we expect to begin reporting the results of our new divisions, Established Products, or EPD, in our earnings news releases. Our Pharmaceutical business will be reported in two parts: our patented products business with its U.S. and x U.S. divisions and EPD, which will be focused on x U.S. sales of branded generic products. So in summary, our global diversified business strategy is continuing to deliver sustainable results. In 2010, we achieved our key financial goals and continue to shape Abbott for the long term. Our diversified business mix, the market-leading products within our core franchises and the strategic actions we've taken all provide a strong foundation from which we expect to continue to grow in 2011 and beyond. With that, let's turn to the business operating highlights. John?
John Thomas: Thanks, Tom. This morning, I'll review the quarterly performance of our major business segments: Pharmaceuticals, Medical Devices, Diagnostics and Nutritionals. Let me start with our global Pharmaceutical business where worldwide reported sales in the quarter increased more than 22%, driven by 30% growth in our International Pharmaceuticals business and more than 14% growth in our U.S. business. For the full year 2010, worldwide reported sales increased more than 20%. Sales included the contribution from the Solvay Pharmaceuticals acquisition, which closed in February, and the Piramal Healthcare Solutions acquisition, which closed in September. In our Proprietary Pharmaceuticals business, global HUMIRA operational sales, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange, increased more than 15% in the quarter. Performance was driven by strong international operational sales growth of more than 17% and U.S. sales growth of more than 13%. Full year global sales increased 19%, which was in line with our expectations. Internationally, strong double-digit market growth continues in the major European countries where HUMIRA holds the number one share position. And the HUMIRA growth in the U.S. continues to outpace the overall market. We're continuing our development efforts with HUMIRA as well, including the study of new indications and other product enhancements. To that end, we recently submitted our U.S. regulatory application for ulcerative colitis and were expecting to submit our application in Europe shortly. We're also evaluating other incremental indications currently in mid- to late-stage development. We also continue to launch HUMIRA indications into new countries around the world, including the recent approval for our ankylosing spondylitis and Crohn's disease indications in Japan. HUMIRA clinical data continues to compare favorably versus existing agents or potential new competitors. At the recent ACR, or American College of Rheumatology, meeting, we presented data across the rheumatology indications including long-term radiographic inhibition data. Based on an outstanding clinical profile across our full range of indications, more than 13 years of clinical experience, as well as our strong managed care standing, we are well positioned for continued growth with HUMIRA. To that end, our full year 2011 forecast, we expect global HUMIRA reported sales growth in the low teens. Moving on to our lipid franchise, where sales of Niaspan or HDL-raising therapy were $286 million in the quarter and that's up nearly 13%. And significantly outpacing the growth of the overall lipid market. Full-year Niaspan sales were more than $921 million. Our focus on high-risk patients, as well as the HALTS data, which showed significant benefits in this patient population, has driven market share growth over the past year. So in 2011, we expect another year of double-digit growth for Niaspan. Global TRILIPIX/TriCor sales in the quarter increased more than 19%, including the international contribution from Solvay. In the U.S., sales were flat. In 2011, we expect a modest decline for TriCor/TRILIPIX in the U.S. and internationally, we expect sales of nearly $300 million. U.S. sales of two key products we picked up from Solvay, AndroGel and CREON, were $216 million and $92 million respectively. AndroGel holds the number one share position in the testosterone replacement market. It's an attractive category where growth is being driven by increasing diagnosis and treatment of low testosterone. CREON also maintains a leadership position in the pancreatic enzyme market. And over the past year, we've captured significant market share in the U.S. U.S. sales of Centro in the quarter remains strong at more than $450 million for the full year. And we expect continued, steady growth in 2011. As you may be aware, last year's CMS finalized a policy regarding the bundled-payment rate for end-stage renal disease treatment, including certain drugs used as part of the therapy. As a result, renal care providers have sought significant price reductions for impacted drugs and that includes Zemplar. Based upon the latest pricing and resulting contracts for 2011, we're expecting U.S. Zemplar sales this year of approximately $250 million. This is a reduction of more than $200 million versus the prior year, and that's been incorporated into our 2011 guidance. In terms of our 2011 outlook for U.S. pharmaceuticals overall, we expect mid- to high- single-digit growth and our total International Pharmaceutical business, which includes both our Proprietary business as well as our new Established Products Division, we expect low double-digit growth including the partial year contributions to Solvay and Piramal. As discussed, well report sales from EPD this year beginning with first quarter earnings. We continue to expect sales for this new division to be approximately $5 billion in full year 2011. Let me now turn to our Medical Devices business, where our Vascular business delivered very strong performance in the fourth quarter particularly in international markets where growth was robust. Worldwide reported sales increased nearly 14% in vascular, and international vascular sales grew 37% driven by the continued success of our drug-eluting stents XIENCE and XIENCE PRIME. Global DES franchise sales in the quarter were approximately $470 million and that's up 25% from a year ago. We continue to expand our position with the number one drug-eluting stent globally. In the international markets, which now account for 60% of our DES business, XIENCE PRIME continues to capture share. In Europe, for example, XIENCE PRIME has driven an approximate eight-share point gain for Abbott's total DES franchise since its launch, while our next closest competitor has lost between eight- and 10-share points. We also recently expanded our XIENCE PRIME indication in Europe for critical limb ischemia, CLI. CLI is the most advanced form of peripheral artery disease and can ultimately lead to limb amputation. XIENCE also maintains its leadership position in Japan with total XIENCE share in the 45% to 50% range. Japan is the second-largest DES market, as you know, with market sales of $500 million to $600 million annually. And in the U.S., XIENCE maintained market share leadership with more than 30% share in the fourth quarter. Also in the U.S., PCI volume in the fourth quarter was down modestly versus the prior year and DES penetration remained in the high-70s. As Miles mentioned, earlier this month, we announced the CE Mark approval of ABSORB in Europe. ABSORB is the world's first drug-eluting bioresorable vascular scaffold, or BVS device. It restores blood flow by opening a clogged vessel and providing support to the vessel until the vessel dissolves completely, leaving patients with a treated vessel-free of a permanent metallic implant. We believe ABSORB will change the way coronary artery disease is treated in the future. ABSORB will be made available in select sized to a limited number of centers in Europe later this year and into 2012. This will enable physicians in these centers to increase their clinical experience of the technology and to continue to develop the therapy. A full-scale European commercial launch of ABSORB with a broad-sized matrix is planned by the second half of 2012. And we expect to begin our global trial for U.S. approval later this year. We continue to broaden our product offerings in other vascular segments as well. Our next-generation balloon TREK is picking up share since its launch last year in Europe, as more physicians are discovering its best-in-class deliverability and broad-sized matrix. We plan to launch TREK in a range of sizes in the U.S. and Japan here early in 2011. And regarding our Carotid business, today, an FDA panel is reviewing CREST Clinical Trial data as part of our submission to expand our indication for our Acculink Carotid Stent System. The CREST data demonstrated that carotid stenting was equally safe and effective as surgery in both patients at standard risk for surgery as well as those who are at high risk for surgery. Today, Acculink is only indicated for high-risk patients. So looking ahead to 2011 in our global Vascular business, we expect low- to mid-single-digit reported sales growth with stronger growth expected in the first quarter. Turning to our global Diabetes business, worldwide reported sales were up nearly 2% in the quarter. We continue to grow our retail prescription share through expanded consumer outreach and patient education. In addition, in 2010, we significantly improved the profitability of our Diabetes Care business as a result of a more favorable product mix and operating cost reductions. And we expect continued margin improvement in this year 2011. Looking ahead to 2011 in our global Diabetes business, we expect low- to mid-single-digit revenue growth. Let me move on to Vision Care and AMO where worldwide reported sales were $280 million in the quarter and more than $1 billion for the full year 2010. As a reminder, as we noted on our fourth quarter 2009 earnings call, we transitioned AMO to a calendar-reporting structure in 2009. So fourth quarter 2009 results include an additional month of international sales. Adjusting for this, international sales were up double digits this quarter. U.S. sales were up nearly 7% in the quarter as we continued to gain momentum with our TECNIS Multifocal 1-Piece IOL and our new RevitaLens contact lens solution. So as we look ahead to the full year 2011, we expect high-single-digit reported sales growth for AMO. In worldwide diagnostics, reported sales were up 4% this quarter, with U.S. diagnostics sales up more than 8%. In Core Laboratory Diagnostics, which includes immunochemistry and hematology, reported global sales were up 1%. We continue to expand our presence in emerging markets. In China, sales were up more than 50% as we introduced new customers to our leading ARCHITECT systems. As Miles mentioned, we continued to improve the profitability and cash flow of this business as well, while expanding the menu of our leading ARCHITECT system. In the fourth quarter, we introduced a new assay in Europe to measure levels of vitamin D in blood, which will help position us to better treat a number of conditions including low bone density. We also have a number of test launch planned for 2011. In our Molecular business, reported sales were up 21%, driven by our m2000 platform and its expanding test menu. In the U.S., we've seen steady uptake of our new Abbott RealTime HBV assay. The assay runs on our m2000 system and is intended to help manage care for patients with chronic hepatitis B infection undergoing antiviral therapy. We're on track to submit a PMA filing for a companion diagnostics to an oral cancer therapy on the market for non-small cell lung cancer in the first half. And we expect to place our 1,000th m2000 instrument this year. In our Point of Care business, reported sales were up nearly 19% driven by the continued success of our Tanite Test [ph] and cardiac menu. So as we look ahead to the full year 2011 in our worldwide Diagnostic business, we expect mid-single-digit sales growth. Turning now to our worldwide Nutritional business, where reported global sales were flat in the fourth quarter. As expected, U.S. sales were impacted by the product recall we announced last September. International nutritional sales were up nearly 8%, in line with our previous forecast. In the United States, Abbott Nutrition continues to maintain its strong market position in both infant formula and adult nutritionals. In 2010, we launched several new product innovations including PediaSure SideKicks and newly reformulated Ensure Shakes that offer a variety of nutrient blends to address key health needs, including immune health and muscle and bone strength. Since our last earnings call, we have made significant progress in our Similac recall recovery efforts. Today, as Tom said, our inventory is near normal operating levels. Since the initial recall in September, Similac has maintained its number one hospital share position as well. As a result of the recall, there will be a difficult comparison for this business in the first half of 2011 when we expect U.S. sales to be down in the mid-single-digits. We expect to recapture share over the course of the year. Worldwide sales for adult nutritionals, including Ensure and Glucerna, grew 8% in the fourth quarter. Our Ensure product line with REVIGOR, a proprietary ingredient, continues to do well. REVIGOR helps to rebuild muscle mass lost naturally with age. Abbott will continue to deliver product enhancements to better meet the changing nutritional needs of the baby boomers. So as we look ahead to the full year 2011 in our global Nutritionals business, we're forecasting a modest decline in our U.S. business as we regain share in infant nutritionals. We expect double-digit growth for our International business once again. Turning to our broad-based pipeline. Since Miles spent time this morning discussing many of the compounds and technologies in the portfolio, let me spend a few minutes outlining some of the milestones we expect to occur this year. We've taken significant strategic actions to add to and advance our pipeline and we expect a good deal of activity. Starting with new product launches and approvals, as you know, we recently received CE Mark for ABSORB. Also U.S. clearance for our COMPLETE RevitaLens solution and approval for our Crohn's and AS indications for HUMIRA in Japan. So were in various stages of launch for each of these three products. We also expect to launch our next-generation TREK balloon in the U.S. and Japan in the coming weeks. We're also on track for our U.S. clearance of our small vessel DES, XIENCE NANO, during the second half of this year. We continue to expect the panel for MitraClip this year. As I mentioned, we recently submitted our U.S. regulatory application for HUMIRA and ulcerative colitis, and we expect a decision on that later this year. In addition, this year we expect U.S. decisions on several new formulations of existing pharmaceutical products, including Lupron's six-month depot and AndroGel 1.62. And our next-generation IOL, Synchrony, remains under FDA review. As previously announced, we discontinued our joint collaboration for the development of CERTRIAD and we withdrew our regulatory applications for ABT-874, our IL-12/23 biologic for psoriasis. Regarding CERTRIAD, Abbott and AstraZeneca made the joint decision to end the collaboration due to the commercial attractiveness of the product based on regulatory feedback and delays. Regarding ABT-874, following feedback from regulatory authorities indicating the need for further analysis including the potential for additional studies, we withdrew our applications and are evaluating next steps including possible resubmission at a later date. Moving on to new Clinical Trial starts. We expect to start a global Phase III study of our CKD compound, bardoxolone, in the coming months. During the first half, we expect to initiate the Phase III program for Elotuzumab with our partner and were working with regulatory authorities on next steps for Elagolix, including potential initiation of the Phase III program. As Miles indicated, our HCV program is progressing rapidly and we expect to begin a number of combination trials this year. And we expect to begin our global study of ABSORB by year end, which we plan to use for U.S. approval. And finally, in terms of key data presentations upcoming, we expect the following: additional Phase II data on our protease inhibitor ABT-450 at the EASL meeting later this quarter; and data on our polymerase inhibitors and NS5A Inhibitors this year, as well. Also during the first half, we'll have 52-week results from our by bardoxolone Phase IIb study. And during the second half of this year, we expect to present data from a daclizumab Phase II select trial. And long-term data for XIENCE, ABSORB and MitraClip will be presented at various medical meetings throughout the year. This includes two-year data from our MitraClip device this spring. So in summary, we are pleased with the work we completed throughout 2010 to position Abbott for sustainable [audio gap] difficult environment. And as Miles and Tom mentioned, we expect to again deliver double-digit ongoing earnings per share growth in 2011. With that, we will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan.
Michael Weinstein: Tom, can you just help us with what you think the acquisitions contribute to 2011 revenues and what that means for organic growth?
Thomas Freyman: Yes. Overall, again, we're forecasting high-single-digit sales growth, around 3% of that is Solvay and Piramal, the rest is organic. So very solid, mid- to upper-organic growth in 2011. As I mentioned, as we currently view it, the forecast has no exchange impact in 2011.
Michael Weinstein: Miles, while we've got you here, can you just talk about the sustainability of 10% earnings growth in your view? There seems to be a bit of a disconnect between how management's looking at its long-term outlook and how the street's modeling Abbott as we go out beyond 2011.
Miles White: Mike, we targeted -- as a matter of our investment identity, we've been able to do it on a very consistent basis. As you can see, our investment profile and R&D and SG&A is up. We have expanding margin. We're not burning any shingles, but we felt the impact of healthcare reform and all the regulatory actions that others have identified, the pricing pressures in Europe and so forth. There's awful lot of pressures on this industry. At the end of the day, you rely on new products, you rely on geographic expansion, you rely on share gain and you rely on managing. And I think the actions that we initiated today are part of that, things like healthcare reform don't come without consequences to a business. But at the end of the day, you manage all of these things. I think our investment identity is a double-digit grower and I don't see any reason at this point why we would shift away from that. I think it's harder, a lot harder than it used to be. It's hard to sustain. Obviously, a lot of companies in our industry are finding it very difficult to sustain that, but I think you take care of business and make sure your pipeline is robust and that you have good growth platforms in a lot of geographic markets -- and I think we've done that. With regard to the disconnect with the street, I don't know how to comment on the sentiment of the street. I think the company has consistently delivered against the expectations we've set that appears to not have been recognized on a consistent basis by the street. I don't know how to explain that, you know the sentiment of the street much better than I do. I think if there's a place where the investment community is disconnected from Abbott, it's an appreciating the other parts of the business. We tend to get an awful lot of focus on one drug and it's a wonderful drug and I think its doing terrific things for Abbott and it's a fantastic product. But the fact is, I think analysts under-appreciate the Nutrition business. I think they under appreciate the branded generics, our Established Products business and emerging markets. I think analysts, in general, are only beginning to learn about those markets in a real depth. I think there are smaller businesses here, smaller relative to others that are growing at a very rapid rate that have great growth potential. And when I look at models, of where the main disconnects are, it's not so much in estimating patented pharma, it's in estimating the performance of all the other businesses that represent the diversity of Abbott and in particular, in other geographic markets. So if I were going to advise analysts where to look for how sustainable is the growth future of Abbott, I would encouraged them to look not only at the patented pharma pipeline which I also think is underappreciated, but I would look at the Established Products business, Nutritionals, the Diagnostics, the Devices and in particular, the geographic expansion opportunities because that's where most of the disconnects are, Mike.
Michael Weinstein: The first quarter guidance was relative to where the street was at, was below the street you're looking for, as you said, a more even cadence of earnings growth over the course of the year. Just anything you can add to that -- your first quarter and the difference between where you guys are coming out in the street.
Thomas Freyman: Mike, obviously this is the first time we've provided guidance. As I look at the models in the first quarter, it's clear that they were very, very inconsistent with what the full year forecast that all the analysts are projecting. My only speculation is they really didn't have any information and to have growth rates far in excess of our full year growth rate, which is really what the street has is not reasonable. We've got health care reform lapping in the first quarter, we've got European price hitting us in the first quarter. And as John mentioned, the recall in nutrition in the U.S. is going to be a very difficult comparison in the first half of the year. So I think its a combination of just a lack of information by people modeling the quarter and a lack of understanding of some of these comparable comparisons to 2010.
John Thomas: And the other thing I'd add, Mike, is just from an IR perspective, we don't get all the numbers in the first quarter as you know and the data that we looked at picked up only eight or nine analysts and some of those had growth rates of 25%, 30%, and so there was a little bit of modeling adjustments that had to go on there as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Rick Wise from Leerink Swann.
Frederick Wise: Let me start with a big picture question. J&J and others have been sounding some pretty somber, serious notes about the outlook for the economy, pricing utilization. I think J&J yesterday said lower prices sort of the "new reality" it's not going to come back as the economy comes back. I'd just be curious your perspective on where you think we are in a recovery. Are you more concerned as you look at 2011? And just maybe your thoughts on incremental pricing utilization pressures.
Miles White: I think J&J and others have characterized it right, Rick. I think it is a tough environment. I don't expect it to get better. I don't expect the pressures to ease up. I think that the characterization of a tougher economy, pressure on utilization, pressure on budgets, pressure on pricing, pressure on access or the regulatory systems I think all of those things continue. I would not forecast they get better. I think the pressure then becomes do the companies know what to do to navigate and adapt to that environment. And I would tell you that at varying degrees, I think companies are very rational and figure out what to do to adapt to run their businesses. I think we've done that really well, I think that our performance over the last several years and particularly in positioning our company going forward demonstrate that. Whether that's widely recognized or not, that's kind of up to you guys to judge. But we've seen varying degrees of performance out of the companies in our industry. But I'll tell you, this industry has lost a lot of jobs in the United States and overseas. It may continue to do so. Companies will adjust their cost structures. They will adjust how they market their products. They will adjust where they invest. But what I don't think companies will do is give up or quit on the obligations they have to investors. Companies will be rational and we're the same. We know what to do to deliver against the expectations of the investors and the shareholders that we're responsible for. We know how to change and adapt our business. Some of that is short-term actions; some of that is long-term strategic shaping and positioning of the business. You'll hear a lot of companies talk about the future being in emerging markets. Several of us, not all of us, have positioned ourselves I think very well there. And I hit on that today because I think that it has been underappreciated. Where a lot of future growth opportunities are, segments are shifting. I think our U.S.-based investors primarily understand patented pharma, don't necessarily understand pharma in an emerging world. Don't understand diagnostics or other things. We have an education task there and an information task to inform investors and shareholders and analysts and so forth, more about what we know about those markets, more about what we know about our pipelines. I think all of us as companies are reshaping our pipelines to product areas where we believe that there is real medical opportunity and frankly, some prospect of navigating a regulatory system that currently says no more often than yes. And I think that we will all adapt that way. We are large companies. The R&D that we invest in is expensive; its years in the making, so that adapting isn't quick. It takes time. But I think the characterization of other companies who've described the market had characterized it properly. I think at the end of the day, what differentiates us all is how well we adapt to it and how well we manage to live up to our shareholders' expectations.
Frederick Wise: Tom, gross margins in 2011, I think if I understood, you said may be a little bit better or whatever your language was versus 2010. But shouldn't we see some meaningful gross margin improvement? Solvay is integrated, HUMIRA is continuing to grow, vascular is doing great, product mix is favorable. What could push gross margins to the higher end of the range?
Thomas Freyman: Really the environment, Rick. It's all the things we talked about. And we've got to do all of those things to offset these European pricing pressures, which hopefully we've had the bulk of them hit, and we're going to get back to normal levels. That is our expectation. This last lapping of U.S. healthcare reform and some of the comps on nutrition and things like that are slowing a bit, the rate of our improvement in gross margin. But I think we will see steady progress this year. We do think the ratio will be above 2010 and hopefully when we get through some of these transitional things, we can move that a little quicker.
Frederick Wise: Miles, since weve got you on the line, maybe you could just give us your latest thinking on your portfolio priorities in or out. And maybe specifically, are you interested in building out the Evalve business with a tabby offering? And I'm just going to put in a personal note here: Miles, if you feel like we don't understand the patented pharma pipeline, let's have a New York pharma analyst day and get the guys out. It's been a long time. I'd love to have that.
Miles White: Back to your original piece of this in terms of the portfolio, I would say right now, I like the portfolio we hold. I'm always, as I've told you in the past, always aware. And I'd like to think that we stay on top of where opportunities may exist for us. I would say in general right now, I don't see a licensing or M&A environment that's particularly robust. That's okay. We like the hand we're holding. There's a relatively small handful of things that might appeal to me or us should they be available at reasonable value or whatever the case may be. But were happy with the hand we hold, and I think right now, we're putting an awful lot of focus on operating well. In this sort of environment, if there were an opportunity, its probably a good time to take advantage of it. At the same time I think it's important to operate really well, because given all the pressures you highlighted earlier, it's your own execution and operating well that helps you to navigate it and meet the sometimes unrealistic expectations of investors. But whether they're realistic or not, our job is to meet them. And I think you have to execute well and operate well in all the operating aspects of your business, and that means for us integrate the businesses we have. Structure our business well, position them well in new markets, execute well in our pipelines and in our regulatory efforts and so forth. That's where we're focused. And that means that a lot of activity on the M&A or other fronts would probably be less. But as you know, I haven't passed a really good opportunity, if there's been a really good opportunity, and I think our track record there speaks for itself. I don't see a lot of that right now out in the market place, so I'm focused on our geographic expansion efforts and our execution. And the things you're talking about, margin improvement, et cetera.
Operator: Our next question is from David Lewis for Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: I apologize, Miles, but I may have a sentiment, single stock question. First starting off on HUMIRA. Clearly management has a view about the sustainability of HUMIRA that's a little different from sentiment or consensus, so maybe you just can share with us some of the things people are not appreciating about the sustainability of HUMIRA franchise? And related to that is, if managements correct and HUMIRA is more sustainable there's a dramatic amount of underappreciated cash flow from Abbott over the next several years, and considering it sounds like right now the M&A environment in your mind is not as robust, could we see some of that the cash flow begin to return to shareholders in the form of an accelerated dividend or increasing buybacks as we get a year or two out here?
Miles White: I'll give you a couple of things. First of all with regard to sentiment on HUMIRA, I don't know that there's anything a company can do to change the sentiment on a particular product or business, or whatever. I can tell you after 12 years in this job that there have been so many times that I've listened to sentiments and three-year later, that sentiment was clearly wrong. Ive never seen an analyst yet that went back and said, "Boy, I was wrong". I would tell you we're not whistling through the graveyard about any kind of futures here. We know that some of the competitive offerings coming will compete, they will have success, they will have some level of success and we also know it will take them some years to establish themselves to have that success. That's a fact. That's model-able. That's model-able by us, by them, by you, by any number of people. We know that Biosimilars will have some impact on the product over time. The question is magnitudes and trajectories. And HUMIRA is a very large product, as you know, and we've obviously studied all those things very carefully and in lot of detail. I think that the analyst community or the Street or investment community sometimes takes a fairly precipitous, sudden look at things and think that things happen very quickly when they don't. And I think that trends, whether it be competitive products or Biosimilars or other things that will affect the biologics market, will happen less precipitously than what you see happening to an Oral Solid that is a primary cure drug. The models are not the same; they're not going to be the same. That's not to say there won't be impacts on HUMIRA. There will be. Obviously HUMIRA's growth will slow, at some point it will begin to decline, but it will be a large and robust product, because it's a very, very fine product in terms of what it does. It will be successful for a long time. Now that said, it's also our job to replace the sales and profits of that product with others, and that's where I go back to our pipeline. I think pipeline is somewhat underappreciated. So the biggest difference I think that we may have with the Street over the trajectory of HUMIRA is what the shape of the trajectory looks like and over how many years. And whether pipeline offerings coming and so forth, obviously, replace and continued the growth in our patented Pharma business overtime. So, I would tell you, I don't think we've taken an unrealistic view of it, but I -- I don't know how to combat dueling models and dueling projections between what the company thinks and what analyst may think of competitive offerings. I think competitive offerings will be successful. I just don't think that they're going to be based on all of our analysis as immediately successful in such a precipitous manner, and I think when you look at the entire mix of products, whether it's in the coming portfolio or how HUMIRA does or the geographic mix, we don't happen to share Wall Street's view. So I think the only unfortunate thing to that well only be right once we've been right, which is years out and if investors choose to believe otherwise, well, they're going to miss a company that keeps steadily growing double digits. I can't say how many times I've had people project we couldn't keep doing this. And it's not smoke and mirrors and it's not magic, we manage. I guess we could do a better job communicating and explaining. At this point, I'd say I think a lot of the fears around HUMIRA have been overblown. It will face competition. It will decline at some point. The rate and timing of that will be, I believe, different than what has been projected and beyond that, there's an awful lot of very strong and powerful things coming in our pipeline to sustain our growth. So I think we've managed it. What was the second half of your question, David?
David Lewis: Just on cash flow to the extent that if youre correct and that trajectory is slower from a competitive perspective, the amount of cash it will generate for HUMIRA is fairly dramatic the next several years. The question is what would you do with that cash. . .
Miles White: We're definitely going to generate a lot of cash and you'd be right, we will generate a lot of cash and obviously, we've been a fairly steady dividend producer and we've allocated our cash, I think, pretty well overtime, whether it be share buyback or M&A activity or whatever it may be, we are fortunate that we have very strong cash flow and the last several years, we've exceeded the projections and frankly even our own plans for cash flow as we did again this last year. So, Tom, you want to comment on cash flow a little bit? And then obviously we're not going to project too accurately for David what he wants us to project, but...
Thomas Freyman: We have been growing cash flow very nicely, as we mentioned, well in excess of $8 billion in 2010, very nice increase over 2009. And I think to echo Miles, I mean, this balanced approach over the years, I mean, we've had steady dividend increases for 38 years. We have a very strong dividend payout. We do have a -- we've done share repurchase over the years. And from time to time, we build cash to maintain strategic flexibility in order to execute on the M&A, which I think most people would agree we've done an outstanding job on. And there will also be some investment in the business, organic as Miles mentioned, in terms of emerging markets investments. But this balanced approach has served us well and I think over time, as the business grows and improves and cash flow goes up, we'll continue to apply that.
Miles White: The one thing I would add to this, to your question, and I realize at the end of the day it's how much you can model and how much you can analyze, whether it's HUMIRA or cash flows or the rest of the businesses or anything else. The one thing Id suggest that is worth something here is track record. If you look at the track record or performance of the company and its management, we are consistently delivering. And whether we've projected it for you well enough in advance, I can't say. But up to now whether it's been capital allocation or the performance with our products and so forth, I think we've consistently delivered. So to the extent that track record matters, I'd say that's worth a little something looking forward even if we differ on our models.
Operator: Our next question is from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn Novarro: Two questions for Miles. One, just one more touching on the longer-term outlook. Some of the concerns that I hear center around 2012. Because in 2012, TriCor will likely face generics and the PROMUS contribution will be less. So I'm wondering, Miles, can you address the challenges and potential offsets? And can you still grow earnings double digits with those two headwinds? And then the second question I have, Miles, is regarding the...
Miles White: Glen, can we take them one at time or I won't even remember it. Id tell you, first of all, with regard to PROMUS, we're doing our best every day to take PROMUS with XIENCE. So I'm not sure that I would consider that a huge issue there. It's our objective to make XIENCE number one and it is. So let me come back to the headwinds in 2012. Yes, we obviously faced some things going generic. But as a portion of the entire company, I don't want to minimize the magnitude of any given product. It'll be significant, but we've navigated that in the past. We went through that with Depakote, when it went generic and nobody noticed, because the variety of growth sources that we rely on, whether they be new products or geographic expansion or anything else are significant. So I'd tell you that in general, whether it's sales growth, geographic expansion or margin expansion, at this point, now barring what I don't know which is environmental to a large degree, I have not changed our target in terms of 2012 which always starts with double-digit bottom line. So I haven't seen any reason yet to back off of double-digit earnings as a target for 2012. And I can tell you that after 2010, which I think was one of the most difficult and challenging years for this company and for all the companies in our industry because healthcare reform was not trivial, it was a huge impact on all companies in our business negatively and the European pricing pressures that all of us, as multinationals, experienced in Europe, regulatory issues, any number of things, devaluations in particular countries, you name it, recalls, products removed from the market. I mean, if you look across the industry, we all experienced these things. The cumulative effect of all of those was significant, and I emphasize that with a capital S. And we're all adjusting and adapting to it. Having said that, were forecasting double-digit growth for 2011 and at this point, barring the unforeseen, I'm targeting it again for 2012.
Glenn Novarro: And then my second question was on the lipid franchise. CERTRIAD has gone away. TriCor will face generics next year. Does the company remain focused on the lipid franchise longer-term or does this become de-emphasized beyond 2012?
Miles White: Yes, it's a mature product area, it becomes de-emphasized beyond 2012. Because frankly, the environment broadly defined is not supportive of a lot of innovation there. I think that's how I'd put it.
Operator: Our next question is from Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin: Miles, I just wanted to continue along the questioning that I think Rick began on portfolio strategy. I know you like your portfolio and your portfolio of businesses have clearly served you very well with respect to revenue and earnings growth. But you are not in any way getting paid for your diversified earnings stream. And I'm just wondering, when you were asked the question, you focused on potential for licensing deals, M&A. But you didn't talk about the potential to spin-off or sell some of these businesses for which you are not getting any credit for. And just -- one example is your Nutritionals business. Obviously, if you slapped on a Mead Johnson multiple, I would presume that you would capture far more value for that business than you are right now. I mean, that is one strategy that you might want to consider if you think the Street isn't appreciating your non-pharma assets. And I'm wondering if you could just comment on that.
Miles White: I don't make the strategic decisions for the company based on transactions the Street might like to see. I think the Nutritional business is an incredibly strong and attractive business. I think its my job, our job, to grow the business and to educate our investors about the value of that business. I think that it is a long-term, strategic growth driver, margin driver and cash flow contributor, and itll remain part of Abbott. I think that one of the things that we sort of suffer from is the success of HUMIRA. The more successful it is, which I like, the more worried others get. And the more people focus on, "Gee, this one product seems to dominate a lot of your performance." And I think that it's easy then for people not to pay a lot of attention to the other pieces of business. And while it might be easy for investors to say, "Gee, pure-play companies are a lot easier for us to value," et cetera, that is not what the identity or strategy of this companys been. One of the reasons that we can navigate the environment we are is because of the variety of sources of sales and/or growth that we have, whether it be devices or geography or whatever. I mean, if you look at the history of this company, there was a time when diagnostics or hospital products or any number of other things were the real growth drivers and pharma wasn't the big deal. Pharma became a big part of this company in the last 10 years. Before that, it really wasn't. And I take a longer-term view of the company rather than a short-term one- to two-year or three-year view. We have held our value far better than most of the companies in our industry over the last decade. Many of them have lost 2/3 of their value as PEs have collapsed, and we have not lost our value. Now we've grown, we've almost quadrupled the size of the company. We've held our value. It doesn't feel particularly good to say held, but it's better than the performance of most of our industry in terms of value. So I have to take the view in the long term as well. And because of the R&D life cycles in pharma and because of the time it takes to establish products or to establish presence and leadership positions in geographic markets, you can't look at it in one-, two- and three-year chunks. You've got to look at it in five-, 10- and 15-year chunks. We wouldn't be the leaders globally in the Vascular Device business if not for the fact that Rick Gonzalez and I started looking at that 12 years ago and putting the pieces in place to position ourselves for the opportunities we've had. You don't have the opportunities you have in pharma without looking out 10 or 12 years at where you're going to put your investments and going through those things in the pipeline. And I don't think you're going to be leaders in an emerging market by suddenly deciding to go there once they're established. You have to put your footprint in place early, and it's got to be a big footprint. You've got to put the infrastructure in place, the distribution, et cetera, and the manpower. And they pay off longer term. And as I've explained on previous calls, we -- in putting ourselves into emerging markets, in the fundamental way that we have, India, being a prime example, that's an investment that we expect to pay off in a five to 10-year timeframe and beyond, not in the next five. So while it might be reassuring to investors to break up the company or spin pieces or sell pieces, I think that flies in the face of the overall longer-term view of the company which is, we are a broad, multinational diverse company with a broad source of -- or group of sources of income and cash flow, and that's what's allowed us to thrive and do as well as we have over the last 10 to 12 years. I don't think that's been wrong. I think that's been proven to be right because so much of our industry has been merged out of existence in some fashion or another, or struggled with real volatility in terms of their ability to manage sustainability and stability in their businesses. While I think you're right to criticize how well we've explained or communicated the roles or the contributions of those other businesses in our portfolio, I don't think the answer is necessarily to separate them or spin them off. I've shown in the past, that where I think the situation is right and the circumstances is right, I'll do that. I did that with hospital products in Hospira, theres been a terrific, successful spin-off. At one point, I thought it was correct to sell our Diagnostics business, in retrospect I'm glad we didn't because this year Diagnostics turned in its highest profits and highest cash flow ever in its history and is doing extremely well. So I take your point. But I think the portfolio, Jami, is actually correct. And I think that in separating EPD or the emerging markets business there from patented pharma, we really have two very distinctly different pharma businesses. And I think that the growth that will be driven out of EPD is a very different kind of growth and profit than is driven out of our patented Pharma business. So I think we've got to do a better job of explaining where we see these businesses going, how we see the mix of the company shaping over time. I think all people are concerned about the long-term sustainability of the patented Pharma business because, frankly, it's not a very supportive environment out there in the Western developed economies for the kind of innovation that patented Pharma companies do. In our case, that means, we not only try to pay attention to what we're doing in the patented Pharma business, but we must also pay a lot of attention to the other growth sources in the company that are not patented pharma and. . .
Jami Rubin: Miles, I take that as a "no".
Miles White: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from Bruce Nudell from UBS.
Bruce Nudell: Just kind of -- you clearly have a very specific view of the competitive environment in the anti-inflammatory space. Could you just help people and maybe get on your soapbox and explain, specifically with regards to the JAK-3 inhibitors, like mid-decade or so, how you scale that threat relative to your current RA and Psoriatic Arthritis franchise with HUMIRA.
Miles White: I'm not quite sure I understand the question, Bruce.
Bruce Nudell: In our models like the U.S., the RA/Psoriatic Arthritis market in 2015 is going to be about $9 billion. Like, how much of an impact would the JAK-3 reasonably expected to have on the HUMIRA franchise in that timeframe?
Thomas Freyman: This is Tom. We've been talking some...
Miles White: I was going to say, "ask Pfizer."
Thomas Freyman: We've been telling some investors lately and just to put this in perspective, and you can never totally count on analysts' forecasts, obviously, but if you go out to 2015, if you were just to take the JAK's comp out from Pfizer and assume it gets through the regulatory process, which obviously these days is no slam dunk, the forecast for that on average were around $1 billion in 2015. Put it in perspective, we've had a lot of competition in the bio space. A lot of products have come in and gotten very little market share because it's really the big three products that tended to continue to maintain the majority of the share. And so this would be another competitor, but if you believe those forecasts, you believe $1 billion, then you look at Abbotts global market share in the space of around 25%, say in the 2015, on a multi-billion dollar product obviously in 2011, we're forecasting well in excess of $7 billion for this product given our growth guidance today. That's around $250 million of competitive impact on this product, that far. And that's the middle of the decade. So I do think that obviously, I think a bit of an emotional reaction, perhaps not totally consistent with the forecast in terms of what it means. And to Miles' point, we have so many other things going on and under-appreciated growth opportunities that  thats really minimal impact out that far. So hopefully that's puts you in perspective a little bit about this one product still in Phase III, not approved, could potentially impact the market.
Bruce Nudell: And one of the products -- I was very impressed with bardoxolone results. One of the questions people have raised is like with inotropes and cardiac failure, are you kind of burning out the kiln, could you speak to that? And also, you're scaling of the potential of a drug like that in ex-U.S. markets.
Larry Peepo: I haven't heard anything, Bruce, this is Larry, regarding your concern. What we've seen thus far in the Phase II data and certainly well see more of that Phase II data here, the 52 week data later this year, we haven't seen anything of that nature. In fact, obviously the efficacys been terrific and so have the safety profiles of the drug. As we look at the geographies that we have rights to with bardoxolone, you know that chronic kidney disease is a significant drain on all of the medical systems, and really a significant cost to all of the worldwide healthcare systems. And clearly, dialysis is about a $75,000 a year process. If you can forestall and/or eliminate that need, thats a considerable amount of savings. And as we look at the models, again for our geographies which x U.S. excluding some of the Asian markets, we have a significant profile of this product easily exceeding $1 billion in peak year just for our geographies.
Operator: Our next question is from Catherine Arnold from Crdit Suisse.
Catherine Arnold: I wanted to ask you guys if you could talk about Piramal on a couple points. You had given guidance that the business in India should achieve about $2.5 billion by 2020. And I'm wondering if we should be thinking of a very front-loaded growth curve. If you could comment on that first and I have a couple of follow-ups.
Thomas Freyman: This is Tom. We were very much on track with our expectations for the Piramal acquisition as we put the 2011 forecast together. And with a market that's growing 20-ish percent or a business we think is going to grow 20-ish percent, and as Miles indicated, the payoff of this, really, is in the second five years of a 10-year time frame. And obviously, at that type of growth rate, you're going to see the majority of the growth in the back period. But in the early years, off of a smaller base, its roughly a $0.5 billion at 20% a year. That gives you an idea of the types of growth we expect over the next two, three, four years.
Miles White: Just to correct that, Catherine, the business is actually a little bigger than that when you factor in all the pieces of the business. That was just Piramal. Abbott has a lot more Pharma business in India beyond that from Solvay, Knoll and Abbott legacy business. So you look at the growth rate on top of India for that business, it's a fairly steady growth rate. It doesn't all happen in a hockey stick at the end. It doesn't all happen right at the beginning either. It's a fairly steady growth rate driven by market expansion.
Catherine Arnold: So with that can you quantify or at least directionally or give us a sense for how much of your Indian business is Piramal versus Solvay versus Abbott?
Miles White: Well it's all Abbott now. . .
Catherine Arnold: Of course. But I think youve said that Piramal was around $400 million.
Miles White: Last year.
Catherine Arnold: So I'm just thinking about the base and taking the base and getting to $2.5 billion and that might be something that is not well understood and projections in the models as per previous conversations.
Miles White: You may be right because we haven't given a lot of visibility to the various pieces of that and as we integrated -- that's a good point. We'll take that as advice to explain not just India but frankly our position in the significant emerging markets that we're targeting. And I understand itd probably be easier for you to either understand it or model it if we could characterize what's well established, in place, et cetera, what's integrated, what's new product, et cetera, what's coming. I assume that's your point.
Catherine Arnold: It is.
Miles White: It's several hundred million dollars on top of the Piramal base.
Catherine Arnold: So Piramal is maybe slightly over half?
Miles White: Yes, I think thats fair. Yes.
Catherine Arnold: When Piramal reported recently, they had disclosed their discontinued operations and there was a pretty big reduction in net income and one of the key products, fencitital [ph].I just wondered, I assume that its some kind of weird inventory thing or something of a onetime nature. Could you elaborate on that?
Miles White: Well, they reported their quarter through the close date, which was in early September. So you were looking at a partial quarter for them. I know that caused some confusion in the fall, and I tried to clear that up with folks as questions came in. But again, it was more of a partial quarter concept going on for them in their reporting.
Catherine Arnold: So their quarter ended September 30 wasn't a full quarter?
Miles White: That's correct. It was two months only.
Operator: Our final question is from Tony Butler from Barclays Capital.
Charles Butler: Speaking with the same one as being misunderstood, if we stay with emerging markets, one of the areas that I think everyones puzzled about is really what the gross margins that get returned to the total business might be. And if, in fact, you look at the total business and you make the observation and margin on the gross side stay roughly flat or even move higher as you alluded to this year and I assume youll allude to in '12, the argument becomes -- given the growth in those markets, how is in fact that possible? And connecting those dots, if you will, on the margin side, can help us understand the value or the greater outside of volume and revenue for the entire EM business.
Miles White: Tony, we'll take a crack at it. Ill give you some background. First of all, it depends on the business. And if we take pharma first, because it's a branded, generic business, and a branded business where the breadth of product line and the offering is different than what I'd call a commodity generic business, the profitability of the business tends to be considerably higher and the gross margin of the business tends to be consistent with the kinds of gross margins we see in other Abbott businesses. That's true in pharma, that's true in Nutrition and those are the two single biggest growth drivers, and were selective about how we compete with our other products. I would tell you that in the base core of whether -- in Pharma in particular, costs are considerably lower in that business which contributes to that profile when you compare it to a patented or a developed market business. So the cost structure, the infrastructure, a whole lot of things are commensurate with the locale of the business, the kind of businesses it is, where we manufacture, where we source, et cetera. And that's a fundamental part of the business. Its one of the reasons why we separate the business completely from our patented pharma operations, in R&D, manufacturing regulatory sales, you name it. It's just got its own independent cost structure and so on. Similarly, we are moving in the same fashion with our Nutrition business, but we enjoy pricing in a lot of these emerging markets comparable to the U.S. and therefore, profitability comparable to the U.S. And then we're just very selective about the remainder of the businesses. So while the -- perhaps the historic notion has been that these are low-margin businesses, no, they're not. They're low cost and healthy margin. And you have to be selective about where you compete.
Thomas Freyman: And the only thing I'd add there, Tony, is certainly below the gross margin level, these are businesses that require over time, as Miles indicated, based on the lower cost structure and just the nature of the market's lower R&D and SG&A commitments, and so the op [operating] margin on these businesses are very healthy. Im going to give you an example. In India, the prices of a number of our products are very, very low and yet the margins on those products still very, very healthy. And it doesn't fit a Western model, it's a different model.
John Thomas: That concludes our conference call today. A replay of the call will be available after 11 a.m. central time today on Abbot's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com. And after 11 a.m. central time via telephone at (402) 220-2173, confirmation code 212-8692. The audio replay will be available until 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday, February 9. Thank you, all, for joining us and please call us if you have questions.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-05-05 16:45:00) =====
Executives:  Larry Betterley - CFO  Dave Martin - President and CEO 
Analysts:  Matthew O'Brien - William Blair Ernest Andberg - Feltl & Company  
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Quarter 1, 2010 Cardiovascular Systems earnings conference call. I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Larry Betterley, Chief Financial Officer. Please proceed.  
Larry Betterley: Good afternoon and welcome to our fiscal 2010, third quarter conference call. Before we begin I would like to remind you that during the course of this call we would make forward looking statements.  These forward looking statements are covered under the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include statements regarding CSIs future financial and operating results or other statements that are not historical facts. Please be advised that actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by our forward looking statements due to certain risks and uncertainties including those described in our most recent Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on form 10-Q. We suggest that you read these and other future filings that we may make with the SEC.  CSI disclaims any duty to update or revise our forward-looking statements as a result of new information future events developments or otherwise. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures because we believe they provide useful information for our investors. Todays news contains a reconciliation table to GAAP results. I will now turn the call over to Dave Martin CSIs President and CEO for comments.
Dave Martin: Thanks Larry and hello everyone. In fiscal 2010 we have five priorities, they are first, driving adoption in our existing accounts through customer education on the optimal protocol for the Diamondback 360 and increasing volumes in patient procedures below the knee. Second, launching ORBIT II our pivotal clinical trial to evaluate our technology for using calcified coronary lesions this is a new market opportunity for CSI. Third building a foundation of quality evidence staged data to confirm the clinical utility of the Diamondback 360 intruding peripheral arterial disease including advancing COMPLIANCE 360, CALCIUM 360 and additional clinical trials.  Fourth introducing new versions of the Diamondback 360 to improve EBIT use for physicians and enhance the price effectiveness throughout the patients leg. And finally balancing revenue growth and operating expenses to achieve profitability and positive cash flow. We will operate out amounts on these areas later in the call. Turning now to CSIs fiscal third quarter financial performance. Revenue of $16.5 million was up 9% over both the year ago period and sequentially from the second quarter of this fiscal year. This was in line with our expectations balancing revenue growth with expense management resulted in a reduction in our loss compared to last years third quarter. The net loss improved 11% excluding income for preferred stock warrants and auction rate securities valuation changes a year ago. During the third quarter, we made significant headway in educating our physician customer base in the optimal protocol for using the Diamondback 360 to safely change lesion compliance by removing hardened plaque while minimizing damage to the arterial wall and therefore preserving medial integrity. As a result, we are seeing improved patient outcomes in greater product usage of targeted accounts. Newly targeted accounts this quarter grew 13% sequentially over the fiscal second quarter.  While targeted accounts we focused on the second quarter continue to go as well. We're expanding this effort to additional accounts going forward by focusing on superior outcomes and increased usage of our current accounts base rather than broader account penetration were building on little customer base at sustainable revenue growth for the future. Diamondback 360 treats plaque throughout the leg and addresses many limitations of other treatments. In just over two and half years since the commercial launch the Diamondback system has been used in more than 25,000 cases.  At this early stage, weve captured the number one or the number two share in the above the knee atherectomy market in each region of the United States. And we have a leading number one share in the below the knee market and across the country. Our unprecedented safety profile means more patients upon the release and improved long-term outcomes with significant economic benefits. Traditions are adopting our technology as evidenced by increases of both hospital accounts and usage. We sold 4,870 Diamondback devices up from 4,559 in the third quarter last fiscal year, bringing the total number of devices sold nearly to 38,000 since the initial product launch. The percentage of revenue generated for the orders increased to 93% for the fiscal 2010 third quarter, thats up 84% in the year ago period reflecting our emphasis and driving adoption in existing accounts. Now Larry will provide more details of our financial results. Larry?
Larry Betterley: Thank you Dave. For the third quarter of fiscal 2010 compared to 2009 revenue grew to $16.5 million which was 9% increase over last year. Diamondback device sales continued to generate most of our revenue at 88% of the total.  Other products revenue grew more than $600,000 from sales of our vibrant product line and distribution partner products which have been introduced over the last year. We added 52 new accounts down from 87 last year, as weve focused on driving adoption and existing accounts. Adding fewer new accounts reduced revenue by $1.2 million between previous. However this is more than offset by increasing revenue from reorders from $2.6 million to 93% of total revenue up from 84% of total revenue last year. Gross margin improved to 77% from 74% last year due to product cost reductions manufacturing efficiencies and shipment of dealer controller units. Operating expenses rose 7% to $18.8 million, SG&A expenses increased 15% primarily due to larger sales organization, which includes more than 100 direct sales representatives as well as higher spending on education and training programs. R&D expenses declined 28% from the prior year due to cost reductions as well as the completion and timing of development projects and clinical studies. Net other expense was 349,000 for the quarter versus net other income of $2.7 million in the prior year period. Last years amount includes $2.5 million of income related to valuation changes in redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants, which were adjusted at the time of the merger in February 2009 and in auction rate securities.  Interest expenses also declined as a result of our debt refinancing in April 2009. The net loss was $6.5 million or $0.44 per diluted share this year compared to $3.8 million or $0.32 per share at last year. However excluding the other income from valuation changes last year the net loss improved 11% and loss per diluted share improved 27%. The number of diluted weighted average shares outstanding rose to $14.9 million and $12 million last year. The increase is due to the effects of reverse merger which included conversion of all preferred stock to common stock as well as the issuance of new common shares. Last years net income available to common share holders was increased by $25.8 in decretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock due to revaluation at the time of merger.  Adjusted EBITDA calculated as loss from operations, less depreciation and amortization and stock-based competition expense improved by 16% from last year to a loss of $3.9 million. The improvement was greater than the adjusted net loss improvement of 11% due to the higher stock competition expenses this year. For the nine months ended March 31, revenue rose $46.8 million a 15% increased over last year.  The gross margin was 77% up from 71% last year for reasons similar to the quarter. Operating expenses declined 5% to $54.6 million, investments in sales expansion and education training program were more than offset by reduction in R&D, primarily due to the timing and completion of product development projects and the ORBIT I coronary trial. Also fiscal 2009 included a $1.7 million write off, of cost related to our IPO withdrawal. Year-to-date net other expense was $896000 versus net other income of $2.4 million last year, which included net income of 3.8 million for valuation changes and redeemable convertible preferred stock warrants and auction rate securities including the put options with UBS related to our securities.  The first nine months net loss narrowed by 26% to $19.5 million, the improvement was 35%, excluding the net other income from valuation changes last year, net loss available to common share holders was favorably affected last year by $22.8 million of decretion in the preferred stock. Resulting net loss for diluted common share was $1.33 this year versus $0.57 last year. The average shares outstanding grew to $14.7 million from $6.1 million a year ago primarily due to the merger transaction. Adjusted EBITDA improved 50%, to a loss of $11.7 million year-to-date.  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of this quarter remain consistent with the end of the fiscal 2010 second quarter at $23.6 million and included $4.4 million of proceeds received from a term debt refinancing at the end of the quarter.  As we previously announced at the March we completed a $25 million refinancing with Silicon Valley Bank consistent of a $10 million growth capital term loan and a $15 million working capital line of credit, the term loan was founded at the end of the quarter bringing $4.4 million of new proceeds into the company after consolidating existing term debt balances. No drives had been made on the line of credit. In April we also completed a convertible debt agreement with partners to grow providing the ability then drive up to $4 million in debt over the next 12 months, in addition will announce over the next four years to the extent existing of that debt is converted to common stock.  Net closing $1.5 million was drawn. This financing enhances our financial flexibility as we continued to grow the business and work towards profitability and positive cash flow. Finally our auction rate securities declined $3.4 million quarter due to redemption by issuers. Proceeds were used to reduce the full part value loan UBS provided against those securities. The remaining $19.3 million par value of auction rate securities can be put back to UBS beginning on June 30, 2010. The remaining UBS loan will be paid off at that time. I will now turn it back to Dave for additional comments, Dave?
Dave Martin: Let me first recap our recent educational efforts. When we launched the Diamondback 360 it worked exceptionally well to treat lesions behind and bellow the knee. We delivered a tool with a specific protocol for predictable outcomes; however positions being using the product above the knee for which the optimal procedure protocol was not in place.  Customer satisfaction above the knee did not match the below knee results and usage suffered. We developed an optimal protocol for large vessels above the knee educated our sales organization on it and it focused on working with physicians and their staff to install this protocol, our efforts are paying off in key targeted accounts of higher usage rates and revenue.  We will continue to expand this effort while also placing greater emphasis going forward on increasing procedures below the knew, in order to improve outcomes to people inflicted with the slight limiting and threatening disease. Next I would like to bring up the date on recent development in our clinical trails program. At CSI we believe that clinical evidence is the path to leading market share. We are committed to obtaining quality prospective data that will confirm the clinical benefits of the Diamondback 360 in treating both peripheral and coronary disease.  Our growing body of evidence puts us in a unique leadership position to provide physicians with the information that they need to optimize patient outcomes and favorably affect the cost of care, as well as standardize practice guidelines. Based on known superior clinical outcomes in treating small vessels with the Diamondback 360, we intended to leverage the devices capabilities to expand into the interventional coronary market.  The coronary market is a large potential market opportunity for core technology. In April we announced unconditional FDA approval to begin the ORBIT II. A pivotal trial to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the Diamondback 360 and treating calcified coronary lesions will initially enroll up to 100 patients at 50 US sites, with the potential to enroll up to 429 patients. We are working right now in the internal review board submission that 15 initial hospitals across the United States expect to begin enrolling patients in the next few months.  During fiscal 2009 we complete at ORBIT I trail a 50 patient feasibility study which investigated device and safety in treating calcified coronary arterial lesions. The Diamondback was successful 98% of patients with calcified lesions and the acute procedural success rate including staff placement was 94%. We are confident that we can repeat these favorable outcomes in ORBIT II, upon FDA clearance of our products of coronary use we will have one of few new coronary product introduction in the last decade.  Additionally in the third quarter CSI made significant progress related to peripheral clinical research programs. Last week we've announced the completion of patient enrollment in our CALCIUM 360 study this compares the effectiveness of Diamondback 360 to balloon inflation in treating heavily calcified lesions behind and below the knee. Calcified plaque exists in about 75% of these lesions. In the fiscal fourth quarter we expect to complete enrollment in the COMPLIANCE 360 study. COMPLIANCE 360 evaluates the clinical benefit of removing hardened plaque while preserving medial integrity above the knee with the Diamondback 360. This study compares the performance of the Diamondback 360 plus low-pressure balloon inflation if desired with that at balloon inflation alone. Both of these clinical trials are prospective randomized studies, that will be core lab adjudicated each will enroll 50 patients or have enrolled 50 patients and up to 10 US medical centers and follow up will be 12 months. In addition we recently began a prospective multi-center registry called confirm to study more than 700 patients and their queue outcomes following the Diamondback procedure. With our continued commitments studying clinical and economic outcomes in conjunction with our landmark OASIS study coronary work and several physician initiated studies we have perspective data on more than 1100 patients.  Rigorous prospective evidence will accelerate market growth and enhance our leadership position. Now Id like to share our outlook for the fiscal 2010 fourth quarter ending June 30. We anticipate revenue in the range of $16.5 million to $17.5 million or growth of 5% to 11% over the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue at about the same as the third quarter of fiscal 2010 and a net loss ranging from $5.6 million to $6.2 million or $0.37 to $0.41 per share based on 15 million shares outstanding. We cannot exclude an expected stock compensation charge in the fourth quarter of about 80,000 or $0.05 per share related to the issuance or extension of stock option grants that had short original exercise terms. And on an adjusted EBITDA basis, we anticipate a loss between $3 million and $3.6 million; we believe that net loss and adjusted EBITDA will improve as revenue grows in the future.  So recap on our five fiscal 2010 priorities first driving adoption in our existing accounts from customer education on the optimal protocol for the Diamondback 360 and to increase the volume and patient procedures below the knee, second launching ORBIT II our pivotal clinical trials to evaluate our technology for use in calcified coronary lesions this is a new market opportunity for CSI, third building foundation of quality, evidence based data to confirm the clinical utility of the Diamondback 360 and treating peripheral disease including advancing COMPLIANCE 360, CALCIUM 360 and additional clinical trials. Fourth introducing new versions of the Diamondback 360 to improve ease of use for physicians and enhance the vice effectiveness throughout the patients leg.  And finally balancing revenue growth, and operating expenses to keep profitability and positive cash flow these initiatives position us well for significant profitable growth over the longer term as we continue to target fiscal 2011 to achieve our first profitable quarter. Now we would like to open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Matthew O'Brien with William Blair. Please proceed.
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask you a little bit about the training program that you have in place, I mean where are we at this point, are you 50% away through with your serving customer at 75%, where are you at this point?
David Martin: Yes, Matt, were about 50% through our target and installed the optimal protocol.
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair: Great. And then I'm looking at your unit performance in the quarter, it was up about almost 10% sequentially, was that really driven by the change to protocol in fiscal Q1 that now you are seeing the benefits of this?
David Martin: Yes, results are lagging activities for sure, we really focused on this in Q2 fiscal and we are seeing the result now.
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair: Okay. And so then what I look at extra Q4 guidance kind of a mid point of the range, it looks like unit sequential growth is about 5% and then that assumes flat other revenue, are you incorporating in some kind of competitive impact or it just seems like the guidance is a bit conservative looking into the next?
David Martin: It is conservative and no, were not expecting, we expect fierce competition as we always do, but nothing in particular.
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair: Great. And then question for Larry, in terms of the debt any sense for when you expect, you seem like you had a reasonable cash position at this point, but any sense for when you may start to?
Larry Betterley: Im sorry Matt, you broke up right at the end, could you restate it.
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair: I apologize. Just any sense for when you might start taking down additional debt associated with the revolver or the other facilitated cap?
Larry Betterley: We dont have additional plans in the near future to drive down additional amounts.
Matthew O'Brien - William Blair: And then one last quick one you are making great progress on the clinical product things and we going to get any kind of interim looks at CALCIUM 360 or ORBIT II before the full data is released?
Dave Martin: Yes, the CALCIUM 360 we would like to present acute results so we are planning on doing that the next six months and then we will have that critical one year follow up about this time next year. So we will come back at it with those results, clinical and economic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ernest Andberg with Feltl & Company. Please proceed.
Ernest Andberg - Feltl & Company: I guess address the ORBIT first, what are the primary end points that you guys are looking to meet in the ORBIT Dave?
Dave Martin: Yes, its a safety end point 30 days mace.
Ernest Andberg - Feltl & Company: Are there any what kind of procedural success or end points are they secondary kind of end points?
Dave Martin: Well, 30 day mace would be made up of cardiac debt, MI or QA and TLR and the ORBIT I we had a 6% rate for ORBIT II the target for approval is 13.6.
Ernest Andberg - Feltl & Company: How about in terms of any end points on opening the lumen or size of the lumen at 6 or 12 months in terms of success that way as opposed to add those cardiac events.
Dave Martin: Yes there are primary efficacy end points but no 6 month or 12 month it is the last patient enrolled plus 30 days. It is a true safety trial. For procedural success we are looking for achievement of 20% residuals stenosis of the target lesion after stenting without an in hospital mace.  
Ernest Andberg - Feltl & Company: Okay, so the FDA is primarily looking at safety in the coronary arteries and at 30 days? 
Dave Martin: You bet with a really difficult patient population so on of the 1.2 to 1.3 million catheter based procedures in the US and 0.5 million cardiac surgeries. We estimate 15% to really benefit from a device that could take the classified plaque out in preparation for stent placement and I want to correct something too I just, quoted you the less than 20% residual stenosis that was the ORBIT I trail for the ORBIT II in the US procedural success will be defined as facilitating stent delivery with less than 50% residual stenosis and without in hospital mace.
Ernest Andberg - Feltl & Company: Okay, have you got any further insight as to whether your trail sites will be able to be reimburse for this because there is a atherectomy code out there that is general not specific to another device. 
Dave Martin: Yeah, you bet we do believe that it will reimbursed and throughout the trial we worked with our sights we have done a lot free work with our sites. Weve identified the first 15, we got a list of 50 plus that we pre-qualified so were excited to start reimbursements part of that package.
Ernest Andberg - Feltl & Company: Okay. Last on ORBIT II, how long you said a few months to get the trial up and going, any better idea what that might mean Dave, its few three?
David Martin: Yes, we think that we will have the first patients enrolled next quarter. Weve done every the free work to make that happen, so thats the expectation.
Ernest Andberg - Feltl & Company: Okay. And then if the FDA allows you to go ahead with the whole trial, can we look at that as a milestone that the FDA thinks this thing is working?
David Martin: Yes, you bet. We have worked closely with them with all of our trial, the ORBIT I. We really do believe any of that we would know the answer in advance of this based on the ORBIT I. And we think that ORBIT II will confirm that we will work closely with them and I think that would be a great endorsement for them to allow us to go from 50 to 429.
Ernest Andberg - Feltl & Company: All right. Dave you made some comments about above the knees success in targeted accounts that in the first quarter and the second quarter, I wasnt quite sure what youre referencing there. Can you go over that again please?
David Martin: Yes, the set quarters of fiscal we took a small number of accounts and we are really focused on installing the proper protocol and the number of touches in specific education with that set it worked and I think we reported in the last call that those accounts that we targeted in fiscal Q2 grew well over 50% sequential basis so we stand with that program we expanded that program into another large group of targeted accounts and got a similar great result.
Ernest Andberg - Feltl & Company: Okay, but did you say something about plus 13%, in targeted accounts did I miss it, what did that mean?
Dave Martin: It means that sequentially the accounts that we targeted grew 13% from fiscal Q2, to. 
Ernest Andberg - Feltl & Company: Alright I understand, last question Larry, how is the interest income and the interest expense line going to change as we have added $6 million of additional debt into the balance sheet and youre going to presumably have the interest you are earning, on the pardon me lets leave it there, how is that going to change the interest expense line?
Larry Betterley: Yeah the interest expense just on those pieces of debt would increase about $100,000 per quarter though we have some interest expense that is declining on a couple of other things including long term lease obligations so the net impact for fourth quarter would be fairly mutual to where we are in the third quarter.
Operator: (Operator Instructions), it appears there are no further questions at this time.
Dave Martin: The Diamondback 360 is raising the standard care for patients with peripheral disease which is an underserved market. We believe minimal evasive peripheral market is growing driven by the need for effective new treatments to remove plaque and modify compliance and lesions above and below the knee. We see an opportunity also for this technology to apply to the small vessels in the coronary arteries that is a new opportunity for CSI.  In fiscal 2010 were making great progress towards our goal and are optimistic about our future we look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. Thank you everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator instructions). This call is being recorded by Abbott, and with the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations and Public Affairs.
John Thomas: Thank you and good morning and thanks everyone for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and Larry Peepo, Divisional Vice President, Investor Relations. Tom will review the details of financial results for the quarter and the outlook for the year. I'll then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, Tom, Larry and I will take any questions that you may have. Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbot cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1-A, risk factors to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31st, 2009, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. In addition will include operational sales results today, which are given on a constant currency basis that is excluding foreign exchange. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Freyman: Thanks, John. As you can see from our earnings news release this morning we had a strong first quarter as our major businesses are healthy and our fundamentals remain strong, and we enhance our long-term growth outlook with the closing of the Solvay Pharmaceuticals acquisition and the announced acquisition of Facet Biotech, reporting our emerging market strategy, adding to our R&D spending base, and also adding to our late stage pharmaceutical pipeline. In the quarter, we delivered double-digit sales growth across each of our fourth major global businesses, and we reported ongoing EPS of $0.81, up 11% and at the high end of our previous guidance range of $0.79 to $0.81. Included in our ongoing EPS this quarter was the negative $0.03 per share impact related to US healthcare reform, which I will discuss more in a moment. Excluding the impact of healthcare reform, ongoing earnings per share were $0.84, up 15%. Sales growth in the quarter was 14.6%, including a favorable 4.1% impact from exchange rates. The first quarter included six weeks of Solvay sales in the US and only two weeks of Solvay international sales given our standard one-month lag in reporting of international sales. Sales in the quarter were reduced by approximately $50 million due to the impact of higher Medicaid rebates required under recently enacted US healthcare reform legislation. Excluding this impact, sales would have increased 15.5%. The adjusted gross margin ratio was 57.4%, ahead of our forecast for the quarter driven by strong performance across several businesses, including vascular and diagnostics, and less of a negative impact from foreign exchange than originally forecast. We also had double-digit growth in investment spending in the quarter with R&D up nearly 15%, reflecting continued progress in our broad-based pipeline. This includes programs in biologics and vascular, as well as promising Phase I and Phase II clinical programs in HCV, oncology and neuroscience. SG&A expense increased nearly 10% as we invest in programs to drive growth in 2010 and beyond. The ongoing tax rate of 15.3% was in line with our previous forecast. As you may recall, when we provided guidance in January, the outlook for the enactment of US healthcare reform was unclear. Accordingly, we and most other companies did not include the impact of this legislation in our 2010 guidance. As you are aware, we now have a new law which will expand access to millions of patients over the coming years. The resulting law is complex as many provisions that are important to our patients, our company, and our industry. As a healthcare company, there are commitments required of our industry to help pay for this effort. Beginning this year, the legislation includes an increase in Medicaid rebates, primarily as a result of the increase in the basic Medicaid rebate from 15.1% to 23.1%, and an extension of rebates to drugs provided through Medicaid managed care organizations. As a result, we are forecasting a negative impact of US healthcare reform legislation on 2010 sales of approximately $230 million. This translates into a full year 2010 ongoing earnings per share impact of approximately $0.11 per share, including the $0.03 per share impact reported in the first quarter. Favorable performance in the underlying business is expected to partially offset this impact. Therefore we have adjusted our previous guidance range by $0.07. This results in our updated ongoing earnings per share guidance range for the full year 2010 of $4.13 to $4.18, which of course excludes the specified items. The midpoint of this guidance range reflects growth of nearly 12% over 2009. As you know, healthcare reform is being phased in over several years. In 2011, additional aspects of the bill become effective, including the fee on the pharmaceutical industry and additional rebates related to the Medicare Part D donut hole, and in 2013 the Medical Device Tax [ph] becomes effective. As I indicated, these regulations are complex and are subject to further interpretation. However, based on what we know at present we are forecasting the impact of healthcare reform on 2011 sales to be a little more than $200 million on top of the 2010 impact. Turning back to our outlook for the full year 2010, we continue to expect strong double-digit sales growth, including nearly $3 billion in sales from the Solvay Pharmaceuticals acquisition. Our 2010 sales forecast reflects an estimated favorable impact of foreign exchange of 1% to 2% based on current exchange rates. We continue to forecast an improvement in the full year gross margin ratio over 2009 with a ratio of around 59.5%. This increase reflects the favorable impact of product mix and efficiency initiatives, as well as the addition of Solvay Pharmaceuticals. Also in 2010, we are forecasting continued investment in research and development programs to drive future growth with R&D up approximately 9.5% of sales. We continue to forecast SG&A expense somewhat above 27% of sales in 2010. Regarding other aspects of our outlook for the year, we continue to expect less than $100 million of other income, net interest expense of approximately $450 million, and the full-year tax rate of between 16% and 16.5%. Now let us turn to our quarterly outlook. For the first time we are providing second quarter ongoing earnings per share guidance of $0.98 to $1, including $0.03 negative impact from Medicaid rebates required under US healthcare reform. The midpoint of this EPS range represents growth over the prior year of more than 11%. We are forecasting strong double-digit sales growth in the second quarter, including Solvay. We expect the favorable impact from exchange on sales of approximately 3% to 3.5% and an ongoing gross margin ratio approaching 60%. So in summary, our global diversified business strategy is continuing to deliver strong sustainable results. The market leading product within our core franchises and the strategic actions we have taken all provide a strong foundation from which we will continue to grow despite changes in our operating environment. Our outlook for double-digit ongoing EPS growth in 2010 continues to have its reputation as a leader among our healthcare peers, and with that I will turn it over to John for the business operating highlights.
John Thomas: Thanks Tom. This morning I will review the performance of our major business segments, pharmaceuticals, nutritionals and medical products. Let me start with our global pharmaceuticals business, where worldwide sales in the quarter increased 13%, driven by strong double-digit growth through our immunology, as well as our lipid management franchises. In immunology, global HUMIRA sales increased 36% to nearly $1.4 billion. Performance was driven by strong international sales growth of almost 40%, and US growth of more than 32%. The US growth rate benefited from a favorable comparison to the prior year. Underlying demand for HUMIRA continues to outpace the overall market with particularly strong growth in dermatology and gastroenterology, and new competitive entrants continue to track in line with our modest expectations for these products. Internationally strong double-digit growth continues in the major European countries, where HUMIRA holds the number one share position. We anticipate that HUMIRA will eventually become the number one anti-TNF worldwide surpassing the current global market share leader. We are continuing to launch new indications into new countries around the world. Earlier this year, HUMIRA was the first biologic approved for the treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in Japan, and we also recently received approval for RA in China. The growing awareness of HUMIRA among physicians and patients, the expanding body of best-in-class clinical data and further market penetration across indications and geographies will continue to drive demand in the years to come. We continue to expect a reported global sales in 2010 of approximately 20% for HUMIRA. Moving on to our lipid franchise, where Niaspan sales were $205 million, up nearly 15%, significantly outpacing the growth of the total cholesterol market. The Arbiter-6 HALTS study presented last year have helped Niaspan prescription 	share reach an all-time high that we continued to maintain. We will be initiating new promotional activities for Niaspan in the second quarter, which we expect further increase patient awareness to Niaspan and drive incremental share gains. We continue to anticipate FDA approval this year for two new dosage strengths of Simcor that include 40 milligrams of simvastatin. When approved, the new dosage strengths will provide additional flexibility for physicians as almost half of simvastatin prescriptions are written for the 40-milligram dose. Global TriCor/TRILIPIX franchise sales were $291 million in the quarter, and that is up more than 15%, including a modest partial quarter contribution of international fenofibrate sales following the close of Solvay Pharmaceuticals. TriCor/TRILIPIX franchise prescription growth continues to exceed the growth of the overall cholesterol market and TRILIPIX now accounts for more than 30% of total franchise prescriptions. Last month, Astrazeneca and Abbott announced that the FDA issued a complete response letter for the new drug applications for CERTRIAD, which is our fixed dose combination of CRESTOR and TRILIPIX. We are working with Astrazeneca to prepare a response to the agency. We continue to have a high degree of confidence in CERTRIAD, and believe it represents a promising treatment for patients with mixed dyslipidemia. During the quarter, we completed the acquisition of Solvay Pharmaceuticals business as Tom mentioned, bolstering our presence in key emerging markets, and providing us with significant incremental R&D spending capacity to drive future pharmaceutical growth. Immediately following the February Solvay close, we began to integrate the business and were pleased with the results to date. Solvay brings to Abbott nearly $3 billion worth of successful, consistently performing global products, approximately three quarters of which are in international and emerging markets with a mix of products that are predominantly stable, branded generics. Recall that Solvay has a significant footprint in key emerging markets such as Russia, India and Brazil. Our focus on emerging markets is driven by the strong opportunity for growth, which is expected to be three times the growth rate of developed markets and account for 70% of pharmaceutical growth in the next five years. This rapid growth is being driven by evolving demographics, rising income, monetization of health systems and increase in the treatment of chronic diseases. Clearly these markets represent one of the greatest growth opportunities not only in pharmaceuticals, but across our broad based business segments today. So as we look into the second quarter, including a full quarter of contribution of the global Solvay sales, we expect double-digit reported sales growth in both the US and international pharmaceutical businesses. Turning now to our global nutritionals business, reported sales in the quarter increased nearly 12%. U.S. sales increased nearly 6% driven by continued strong growth in both our adult and pediatric businesses. In a adult nutrition business, Ensure and Glucerna brands continue their strong performance. In our infant formula business, our innovative products continue to resonate in the hospital and retail settings, helping us to maintain a strong share lead over our nearest competitor. We are also expanding our proprietary Early Shield brand to our infant formula tolerance line. Tolerance formulas designed for sensitive baby stomachs make-up 30% of the infant formula market, and Abbott will be the first to market with this innovation. International nutritionals sales in the quarter increased 18%. We continue to see very strong growth across geographies, including emerging markets, which is the fastest growing segment of our international nutritional business. In China, for example, Abbott is growing twice the market rate and we're now the number three player in pediatric nutrition in the countrys top tier cities. We are increasing our footprint in key emerging markets, and we are launching next generation products across many of our brands. So as we look ahead to the second quarter in our global nutritionals business, we expect continued double-digit reported sales growth, with mid single-digit sales growth in our US business and double-digit reported growth internationally. Turning to our medical products businesses, let us start with worldwide diagnostics, where reported global sales increased 12% in the quarter. In our core laboratory diagnostics segment, which includes immunochemistry and hematology, reported sales increased nearly 10%. Sales were primarily driven by double-digit growth of our architect and prism platforms, and especially strong performance in emerging markets such as China. We have expanded our presence in small and mid-sized labs with our new ARCHITECT ci4100 system, and US PRISM [ph] sales were also very strong fuelled by continued uptake of our HIV blood screening assay. We have also submitted two new ARCHITECT assays in the US, one for HIV and one for rapid detection of acute kidney injury. Both assays will be the first of their kind in the US, and two of several key essays we plan to launch on ARCHITECT this year. In both our point of care and molecular diagnostic businesses for the quarter, global reported sales grew double-digits. In molecular, reported sales were up 30% driven by our m2000 platform. We also continued to pursue our strategy in pharmcogenomics, where we now have multiple collaborations underway for unique cancer diagnostics that help determine what patients may benefit from certain therapies. In our point of care business, reported sales were up 20%, driven by the continued success of our Chem8 test in cardiac menu. So as we look ahead to the second quarter in our worldwide diagnostic business, we expect high single-digit reported sales growth. This includes mid-single reported sales growth in our core laboratory business, where we expect continued profitability and cash flow improvement throughout the year. We are forecasting double-digit growth in both molecular diagnostics, as well as point-of-care. In our other medical products businesses, our diabetes business reported worldwide mid single-digit sales growth this quarter. In our international business reported sales increased nearly 5%, and in the U.S. sales growth was nearly 3%. We also continue to focus on improving profitability in this business similar to our diagnostic business. So looking ahead to the second quarter in our global diabetes business, we expect mid single-digit reported growth. Let me move on to vision care and AMO where sales were $260 million in the quarter. In January we launched our new TECNIS Multifocal 1-Piece intraocular lens for cataract patients in Europe, followed by the US launch earlier this month, which we expect to drive share gains for this segment for our business over the course of the year. We also continue to anticipate 2011 US launch for our new Synchrony accommodating IOL based on the likely timing of panel review in the second half of 2010. Synchrony is designed to mimic the eyes ability to change focus, delivering improved vision at all distances and eliminating the need for glasses and contacts. We expect high single digit sales growth for AMO and our vision business in the second quarter. Turning now to our vascular business which delivered very strong growth this quarter. Worldwide reported sales were $747 million, and that is up nearly 16%. This was driven by international vascular sales growth of 33% and the continued success of XIENCE V and XIENCE PRIME in international markets. Global DES franchise sales in the quarter were nearly $400 million, and that is up approximately 20%. As a reminder global franchise sales include XIENCE, XIENCE PRIME, as well as our other third-party DES product revenues. We launched XIENCE in February in Japan with results that exceeded our expectations. In just one month XIENCE claimed the number one market share position, exceeding 40% market share. With the addition of Promus, total XIENCE platform share in Japan now exceeds 50%, which is the second largest DES market after the US as you know at $500 million to $600 million. With the success and promotion of XIENCE, we also saw share improvements in our core products in Japan, including bare metal stents and balloons. Keep in mind our international business reports on one-month lag and included the only February Japan sales. So the strength of our international business was primarily driven by the continued success of our next generation DES XIENCE PRIME in other international markets in Europe, where the XIENCE family remains the market share leader. And in the US the XIENCE platform, which also includes Promus maintained market leadership with approximately 60% share in the first quarter. We look forward to the publication of the (inaudible) results in a top tier medical journal here in the second quarter. The publication of this data, which shows the superiority of XIENCE over Taxus in real-world patients will further increase awareness of the XIENCE clinical profile among physicians. In the US DES market, PCI [ph] volume was up modestly in the quarter versus the prior year. DES penetration was approximately 78%, up a few points over last year. The continued success in the US and Europe, as well as the impressive launch in Japan the XIENCE family has become the number one DES worldwide. This strong top line growth has led to continued improvements in the operating margin of our vascular business as expected. We also had a strong showing at the ACC meeting last month for several of our vascular pipeline products, including our MitraClip device, which I will discuss when I review the pipeline in a moment. So looking ahead to the second quarter in our global vascular business, we expect continued double-digit reported sales growth. Now moving on to our broad-based pipeline. In 2010, we expect to see continued advancement of our pipeline, including the anticipated approval for several new products or indications. In our pharmaceutical pipeline, we have a number of unique compounds in early and mid-stage development for oncology, immunology, HCV, neuroscience and pain management. In oncology, ABT-869, a multi-targeted kinase inhibitor has already generated early data in liver, lung and kidney cancer. It is currently in Phase III for hepatocellular carcinoma, and in Phase II for additional cancer types. ABT-263, our Bcl-2 family inhibitor is in Phase II for chronic lymphoid leukemia and other solid tumors. And ABT-888, our PARP inhibitor is being evaluated in a number of cancer types, including a Phase II study in metastatic melanoma, which could potentially serve as a registrational study. And we recently added an early stage biologic to our oncology pipeline as you may recall through a worldwide licensing agreement with Pierre Fabre to develop and commercialize a novel antibody for the treatment of cancer. In immunology, we are leverage our experience with HUMIRA to identify new mechanisms with the potential to treat an array of immune-mediated diseases. Our pipeline includes early stage work in oral DMARD therapies, as well as a number of biologic candidates, including ABT-874, our IL-12/23 for psoriasis, currently in Phase III and on track for regulatory submission this summer. In HCV, we recently initiated a Phase II trial investigating three additional HCV compounds with the goal to markedly transform current treatment practices by shortening therapy duration, improving tolerability and increasing cure rates. In neuroscience, we are developing compounds to address Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia, pain and other neurological conditions. We currently have two compounds from our NNR, and H3 platforms in Phase II development for Alzheimer's. We recently expanded our pain portfolio with an innovative anti-nerve growth factor biologic in development for chronic pain. In the first quarter, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire Facet Biotech, which will enhance our mid and late stage pharmaceutical pipeline. The acquisition further expands our biologics pipeline in two of Abbotts key therapeutic areas, immunology and oncology. Daclizumab is a next-generation biologic candidate, expected to enter Phase III development for multiple sclerosis in the second quarter. And there are two oncology compounds in early to mid-stage development. Facet also brings a broad-based expertise in the area of biologics that will complement our existing biologics programs. And also in our broad-based pipeline, in our vascular pipeline we expect to bring more than 10 coronary technologies to market over the next five years, making it the most robust pipeline in the industry. These include new devices such as MitraClip, XIENCE NANO small vessel DES, XIENCE PRIME in the US, and ultrathin metallic DES, next-generation balloons, as well as our bio reabsorbable vascular scalpel or BVS. We have completed enrolment of our XIENCE PRIME US clinical trial, which is evaluating a range of stent sizes, including small vessel and long lengths. We remain on track for a US approval of XIENCE PRIME in 2012. In March, at the American College of Cardiology or ACC meeting, we announced pivotal data for our MitraClip device from the landmark EVEREST II trial. MitraClip is in development for the treatment of mitral regurgitation, which is the most common heart valve insufficiency in the world. It affects more than 8 million people in the US and Europe, and is four times as large as aortic valve disease. Mitral regurgitation is currently managed with medicine are treated with rested [ph] open heart surgery with less than 20% of patients having surgery. At one year of the MitraClip device compared to surgery met its primary safety and efficacy endpoints and demonstrated meaningful clinical benefits for patients, including improvements in heart function and quality of life and a decrease in cardiac symptoms. The EVEREST II results demonstrate that the MitraClip is a potential new option for treatment of mitral regurgitation. MitraClip is on the market in Europe, and we submitted the final PMA module for FDA review in March. We expect approval for MitraClip in 2011 based on the likely timing of a panel review in the second half of this year. We also expect to present additional data from EVEREST II at PCR here in May. Also at ACC, we presented new data from our BVS clinical trial. Positive 30 day results from the second phase of our ABSORB trial demonstrated no stent thrombosis, no TLR, and a very low MACE rate. This phase of the trial enrolled 100 patients, and incorporates device enhancements designed to improve deliverability and vessel support. These results build on the long-term success we have seen with the BVS technology in the first phase of the ABSORB trial, which has generated positive data on 30 patients out of 3 years. Abbott is the only company with long-term clinical data evaluating the safety and performance of a BVS. We plan to show six-month data from cohort B at PCR. We are also advancing our balloon offerings with the goal to recapture the number one share position in balloons over the next few years. In 2009, we launched our VOYAGER NC balloon and gained approximately 6 share points of the total US balloon market. We plan to launch our next-generation balloon in the front line segment, the larger segment of the market, later this year did the expectation for continued market share gains. So in summary, we are pleased with our better than expected performance in the first quarter. We delivered ongoing EPS at the top end of our range at $0.81, and excluding the impact of healthcare reform as Tom mentioned, EPS would have been $0.84 or a growth of 15%, betting the First Call Mean by $0.04. We effectively raised our full-year ongoing earnings per share outlook excluding healthcare reform. With healthcare reform, the midpoint of our newly updated guidance range reflects approximately 12% EPS growth over the prior year. We also had a better-than-expected gross margin in the quarter, and double-digit investment spending, including nearly 15% in R&D. We delivered double-digit sales growth across our four broad-based businesses, including strong performance of our immunology and lipid franchises in line with our expectations, impressive performance of our international vascular business, broad-based growth across our global nutritionals business, and double-digit growth in diagnostics, and we saw continued productivity and movement within our broad-based pipeline. We are also looking forward to upcoming data publications and data presentations from our vascular business, including PCR in May. And over the next several months, we will be participating in several upcoming healthcare conferences with our senior management team, Tom Freyman and Miles White. And with that operator, we will now open the call for your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And our first question is from Mike Weinstein from JP Morgan.
Mike Weinstein: Thank you. Good morning.
Tom Freyman: Good morning.
Mike Weinstein: Let me start with healthcare reform, which took a little bit of wind out of your sales this quarter. Obviously you would have beaten by $0.03 absent reform, and you are taking a $0.11 out of this year. If I look at 2011, and the comment that it should be a little more than $200 million incremental impact over 10, is that roughly $0.11?
Tom Freyman: Yes, I mean, Mike this is Tom. The  obviously, the majority of this adjustment is basically in the revenue line. So there is a pretty heavy fall through. So I think using a ratable estimate would be appropriate. Obviously, you know, we've got a lot of things going our way in 2011. Certainly, this is going to be part of our mix as we plan for that. As always we target double-digit growth as we go into our planning cycle and as you know next year between improvements from Solvay and various other margin improvement initiatives, we've taken on over the last two years, I think there are lot of good things going our way to help mitigate what is a new cost of doing business.
Mike Weinstein: Right. Tom, can you talk a little bit about HUMIRA growth in the US, you obviously had a new comp this quarter, and so you put up the very good numbers, can you give us your thoughts on how growth looks from here, and while we are talking of the US, can you talk internationally as well?
Tom Freyman: Well, our international continues to be very strong as you've seen. I mean, we continue to be in the strong double-digit area and we are very much in line if not as you know, with our expectations for the quarter and I think with investor expectations, and we expect to see that rate of growth continue throughout the year. So we don't really see a slowdown in international. The product continues to be competing in markets that are less penetrated and they continue to gain share and our execution continues to be outstanding. As you know, the US market has been a slower growing market in the last couple of years just because it's more penetrated, but still very good growth and I think you've seen scrip rates you know, in the upper single to low double-digit range depending on the period you look at, and we would expect growth in that product continue pretty much in line with scripts.
John Thomas: And I'd add to that Mike that the penetration rates obviously remain fairly low across the globe, in particular they are low outside the US where we have only low single-digit overall penetration rates in dermatology, low double-digit type rates in gastroenterology and in the mid-teens in rheumatology.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. Let me as just one last question, then I will drop. TriCor/TRILIPIX post the presentation, if I missed that, I apologize. Did you have any discussion with the FDA about an advisory panel, and just talk about script trends in your view of the product in the wake of that data?
Tom Freyman: Let me first comment on the ACCORD data. The FDA did indicate after the NIH presentation of ACCORD that they would take a look at that and are doing that. We've had no further discussions with them about a panel. Don't believe that a panel would be necessary, but obviously that's always the prerogative of the agency. As we mentioned before with regards to CERTRIAD, we are working with Astrazeneca to have a meeting set up with the agency and report on that. We still have a lot of confidence in that product as well as ACCORD. I would tell you that following ACCORD, there has been no change in position prescribing patterns or behavior. In fact, the overall script trends have been consistently strong and well above the market rate. Larry would you have anything to say.
Larry Peepo: Yes, I would say, you know, Mike we've seen for weekly data points. You know, post ACC for the TriCor/TRILIPIX script trends and they do look very consistent across those four weeks.
Tom Freyman: Okay.
John Thomas: Hello.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Glen Novarro from RBC Capital.
Glen Novarro: Hi, hey, thanks. Good morning. Two questions on Solvay, one you reiterated you expected 2.9 billion in revenues for this year, yet the dollar continues to strengthen. So is that, as you look at that 2.9 billion are you saying that you are seeing better growth or you are feeling more optimistic about some of the products that you have acquired in that portfolio. That is question one, and then obviously we have all looked at the $0.10 are accretion this year, and we thought some of it would be spent away via acquisitions, and given the impact of healthcare reform, I'm wondering if that cushion now going to be used for Medicare reform or should we still see the company active in acquisitions this year? Thank you.
Tom Freyman: Glen, this is Tom. I'd say at this point you know, obviously in the quarter we only had a very small portion of Solvay activity. Fundamentally we don't really have a different view on the sales performance of the underlying products, and I think when we put our plan together we had exchange rate assumptions that were not too different from even where we are right now with the dollar. I mean, obviously there is more to the world than just the euro, and certainly the euro has been a little weak, but a number of the other currencies have been stronger, and as I indicated in my remarks, our basic view on exchange impact on the top line for the company continues to be for the full year in that 1% to 2% range. So not a lot of change for our outlook on exchange, and I think we'll have a little more color on the Solvay product performance by the second quarter as we get more than you know, for example, the two weeks we had in this quarter in terms of performance and the numbers. So, no fundamental change there. Obviously, the question on spending, I mean, you know, with the Solvay acquisition, we are bringing a lot of their spending into our P&L. We've been very outspoken about the R&D that we are bringing in the $500 million, our ability to increase investments over time, reallocate those to high-priority opportunities, and you have seen some licensing over the last 3 or 4 months in pharma as we augment our pipeline, and certainly some of those programs which John talked about in his remarks will be partially funded by the increased opportunity we get from Solvay. So I don't think fundamentally Solvays impact on our 2010 results is much different than we thought about back in January, and I think what you're seeing with absorbing part of healthcare reform is basically better performance across our businesses so that the entire $0.11 impact is partially offset by better performance.
Glen Novarro: So just a follow up on the M&A side. Will 2010 be somewhat of a similar year to 2009, where we see more tuck-ins than something on the larger side?
Tom Freyman: Obviously, we were very active in 2009 culminating in the closing of Solvay this quarter, and when you have that much activity, I think it is important for the most part to focus on integration, and I think perhaps and you know, be sure that the assets weve acquired are going to perform at the level we expected when we acquired them. That said as you know, you know, we are always looking at opportunities. I think your characterization is correct that if we were to do anything more it would tend to be augmentation of pharma pipeline, which I would characterize as tuck in and we also continue to be interested in emerging markets and geographic expansion complimentary to the product lines we have. So I think the way youve characterized, if there is more activity this year as more tuck in I think that is appropriate.
Glen Novarro: Okay, thanks Tom.
Tom Freyman: Thanks Glen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Good morning.
Tom Freyman: Hi, good morning.
David Lewis: Tom, it is pretty clear that obviously core operating performance is helping to offset the impact of reform, can you just walk us through some of the primary drivers of operating improvement here in 2010?
Tom Freyman: Yes, I think fundamentally at least in the quarter and I'm hopeful we do a little better during the year. We're just seeing a little bit better gross margin performance, a better product mix, a little more efficiency in our manufacturing operation. I'd say fundamentally that what we saw in the quarter, we are expecting a little bit more than the forecast and we'll see if we can do better as the year progresses.
David Lewis: Tom, just a follow up to that, obviously GMs are very strong this quarter versus our expectations, but then obviously core spending as you told was also higher as well, how should we think about those gross margin expenditure as playing out throughout the remainder of the year?
Tom Freyman: While the forecasts I provided in my remarks were totally consistent with what I said back in January around 9.5% of sales in R&D and a little over 27%. As we talked about back at that time for SG&A, as we talked about back at that time our SG&A profile, we do believe will pick up this year because of the addition of Solvay. Solvay spends more per dollar sales than our average and so we do expect that to pick up, but as weve also said we are planning very few efficiencies during 2010 related to Solvay. It's going to take time for us to complete our integration plans and begin to execute, and we do expect that trend to reverse in 2011, and as I responded to the first question on the call, you know, part of our mix as we go into 2011 is the return to SG&A leverage and improving gross margin and I think you're going to see that trend go back the other way next year.
David Lewis: Okay. Very helpful, and just last question Tom, just speaking about cyclical recovery, many kind of peer group companies were talking about some level of cyclical recovery. In certain areas of your business whether it be AMO, and specifically in diagnostics, it seems that there may be some evidence that you are seeing similar trends. Maybe just talk just about, have you seen material evidence that we have some evidence of cyclical recovery or is it too early to tell?
Tom Freyman: In general, as you recall from last year, we generally had relatively modest impact of economics even in our diagnostic division, which perhaps some companies had some economic impact but because we are not capital intense in that business and we tend to  the vast majority of our business is disposables. We really didn't see much change due to the economy there as well. I think we are seeing, I characterize it as just slightly more optimism for example in the LASIK area, but nothing that we would bank on as a significant recovery this year. As you recall in our guidance call in January, we were not counting on much economic recovery. So from our perspective we are just starting to see a little not significant to our forecast. We are hopeful as we move into 2011 that that will pick up on some of these businesses that are little more sensitive that the cycle will start performing better.
David Lewis: Okay, thank you very much.
Tom Freyman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rick Wise from Leerink Swann.
Rick Wise: Hi, good morning.
Tom Freyman: Hi Rick.
Rick Wise: Couple of things, one, briefly back to HUMIRA, just to make sure I'm understanding  thinking about it correctly, so the report you had guided us to 20% HUMIRA growth, reported sales growth, but now currency trends are less favorable than when you originally issued the guidance at January. So in essence maybe you are  is it fair to think that your guidance actually better operational growth for HUMIRA and absorbing the less favorable currency? Is that a fair statement?
Tom Freyman: Rick again I, I mean, HUMIRA is growing just fine, and it's growing in line with our expectations, maybe a little better, but again when we put our plan together relative to currency forecast, perhaps we were a little more conservative than others. For the full year we're not seeing net across all the currencies much change from our initial expectations. So, hopefully, you know, it's kind of steady as you go as far as we are concerned. The product continues to perform extremely well, but I wouldn't characterize currency as being a big driver in this forecast.
Rick Wise: Okay. So, complete response letter, can your update us there and you know, as Tom said, change your view at all of what peak sales could be just given the timing of generics in 2012?
Tom Freyman: Well, you know, as I mentioned in the call remarks, Rick, you know, we have  we are working with AZ to prepare this briefing package in response to the complete response letter. We'll share that with the FDA at the appropriate time and then request the meeting as would be the normal sequence of events in this. We still have a high degree of confidence in the product as does AZ. I don't think we have had any difference in our expectations for peak year sales. Obviously for modeling purposes, all the guidance we gave today, we're not assuming any sales this year, which wouldn't be the prudent thing to do, but we do have high expectations for the product going forward. We haven't given a peak year sales forecast per se, but given the data that we've seen the fact that theyre too strong products both involved in that product, you know, as you know any information that weve shared so far, we feel good about that and so that's where we go. We go forward from there.
Rick Wise: Okay, couple of last quick ones. Just to make sure I understood your comment Tom, you expect SG&A as a percentage  or you hope, you are trying to get SG&A as a percentage of your sales in 2011, less than wherever you end up in 2010. So however we are modeling it, you think it should be similar?
Tom Freyman: That's correct. Again we expect as the Solvay integration gets into a true cost-reduction mode that well be able to take cost out there without impacting investment in the business or the things that are going to drive longer-term growth and start seeing leverage again in SG&A, the way we thought in 2008-2009.
Rick Wise: Okay, and then just last on diabetes, you talked about the improving margins, maybe just give us some perspective on where we are and where we could go or what is happening and when you expect to see a rebound there, back to some kind of normalized growth? Thank you.
Tom Freyman: So, the diabetes care overall we are seeing you know, a nice steady performance as we talked about in my remarks. I think the main focus there as weve talked about in the past year recently is approaching that business more like we did the diagnostic business a couple of years ago and improving the profitability of that business, and focusing on the right patient mix and more profitable patient mix and we've been more disciplined about that and we are seeing the results of that. So, you know, the outlook is steady. You know, that market does see some impact from the economy and there has been some decline in price and volume as a result as people become more price conscious, but we're starting to see that improve slightly as we go forward here.
Rick Wise: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sara Michelmore from Cowen.
Sara Michelmore: Great. Thank you. You know, Tom, I was just hoping you could comment on the operating margin trends in the vascular business, there was a huge pickup for you in 2009 and I'm just curious that we're this year looking out, and if you could just talk about some investments you are making there in new products, and now the shapes out in terms of the margin trend there?
Tom Freyman: Sure Sara. As you know, in 2009 we moved the op margin for that business to around 20%. I mean that's gone from basically a loss position two years ago to a very nice profitable situation, And as always included in that 20% of amortization expense from the deal. So there would be cash out margins, if you think of it that way are actually higher. We have forecasted for 2010 a move into the mid-20s, the volume we are getting out of markets such as Japan and continued growth in Europe and improvements in share in the US are continuing to drive efficiencies in that operation and they continue to do an outstanding job from a manufacturing perspective and from an efficiency point of view as well. I think there is room to go further in that business as we go into 2011, and as I said earlier you know, part of our thinking on 2011 is when we look across these businesses whether it's SG&A leverage or manufacturing gross margin improvements, we see pretty much margin improvements across all of them and we think vascular will be one, which is going to be an important part of our planning as we go into 2011.
Sara Michelmore: Okay, and I HUMIRA is another one, or there are other product areas or specific products that we should be thinking about that has that type of trend?
Tom Freyman: Well, it's pretty much across  you know, pretty much across the businesses. You know, we expect  we talked about diabetes a minute ago, we expect better op margins there from some efficiency programs. Diagnostics, you know, we've gone through this fairly significant you know, efficiency plan has taken a couple of years to implement. The savings of that really started kicking in 2011, and our nutrition business, we expect to see some improvements there as well. So it's pretty much across the board and you know, with the product mix in pharma improving, we'd hope to see a little bit there as well. So it's really across all the businesses there.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And John thanks for going through some of the pipeline details, just curious, are there any upcoming data presentations that you would point out to us, either Phase II programs that might be at ASCO or any additional look at the 874 Phase III clinical trials coming up in the next couple of months?
John Thomas: Yes, we do have a number of those. I talked about some of them. Ill let Larry describe a few of those. We don't have specifics on some of those yet, but there are a number of data presentations from some of these earlier stage programs that we're really excited about that are moving more rapidly through the pipeline now. Do you want to expand some of that?
Larry Peepo: Sure. Hi Sara. Yes, at ASCO we will see data across three of our oncology programs, a combination of Phase II data for 263, ABT-888 as well as 869. We will see also 874 data. There is a final Phase III study that should be presented later on this year at a fall derm meeting. Well also see HUMIRA ulcerative colitis data. We've seen the induction data already. So that will be again presented at DDW here in May. We'll also see for the first time the maintenance data at a conference later in the year. I don't have the specific venue or timing for that just yet, but I should see that later in the year, and then you know, on the other side of the business, don't forget to add PCR in late May. Well see some additional one year results for MitraClip. John mentioned BVS data six month data from cohort B will be presented at PCR. We'll also see some additional XIENCE data there, and in the back half of the year, you know, we've got the MitraClip panel as well as the synchrony panel and that the synchrony panel that would be the first presentation of the pivotal data for that product.
John Thomas: And then of course as I mentioned in my remarks, the spirit four [ph] data being published in a major medical journal will also be a catalyst if you will looking for those things.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And then lastly if you could just  are there any items from the Solvay Pharmaceuticals pipeline that you have highlighted?
Tom Freyman: You mean, in terms of data presentations?
Sara Michelmore: Just in terms of products that you guys are focused on or think that are interesting.
Tom Freyman: Yes, you know, the two big products there are Creon and Androgel, both doing very well. You know, we, because of the close of the deal, we werent in a position yet to break those out, but we might do that going forward. Creon has really done very well, gained significant market share over the last year, and then Androgel has been surprisingly strong as well. So we are going to talk about that more as we go through the next quarter.
John Thomas: Obviously, you know, a partial quarter on those products wouldn't have been very meaningful.
Tom Freyman: You know, you've probably seen that you know, the partner on gabapentin ER discussed the recent filing of the US NDA for that product. So that's another piece from their pipeline that's moving forward.
Sara Michelmore: Great, thank you.
Tom Freyman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sebastian Paquette from Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin: Good morning. This is (inaudible) Jami Rubin. How are you?
John Thomas: Good morning. Good.
Jami Rubin: All right. First off, can we just talk about additional pricing details for the DES business in the US, Europe, and Japan?
Tom Freyman: What information are you looking for?
Jami Rubin: Just in terms of how the first quarter pricing trends, for drug eluding stents, you know, in those various geographies.
Tom Freyman: Okay, well we haven't seen any incremental overall pricing pressure as you know, this market has always been competitive. There has been some price being taken by some of the other competitors, older technologies in certain select accounts. You know, we are pretty good sequentially year-over-year. As you probably know the overall pricing is down in the marketplace, which was expected, but you know, as we go through the year and as weve launched PRIME ex-US and now XIENCE in Japan, both of those are premium priced products into premium markets, where we are getting the premium for the technology and the kind of data results that weve shown with XIENCE. So, US declined as expected, but the volume obviously increasing significantly, and the bottom-line performance of the business increasing significantly, and then premium pricing outside the US.
Jami Rubin: On a sequential basis in the US then, drug-eluting stents XIENCE pricing has been roughly flat sequentially in the US?
Tom Freyman: It is down probably low single digits sequentially.
Jami Rubin: Okay. And then have we been able to take price in Europe with PRIME?
Tom Freyman: We have. Yes, we are getting a premium price with PRIME in Europe as we move to supplement our product portfolio in those markets.
Jami Rubin: Okay. So as we look forward to the like the 5 points of operating margin improvement in the vascular business in 2010, if pricing will be flat to down likely on a sequential basis, and especially year-over-year, will that operating margin improvement be driven mostly by the roughly, let us say $850 million in additional geographies for 2010, or there are other kind of metrics there we should be looking at?
Tom Freyman: Yes, this is Tom. Were getting a lot of leverage from the incremental sales in Japan, Asia the markets weve launched in this year. You know, relatively fixed expense phase and a more efficient manufacturing operation, very sensitive to volume increases. So the dynamics there continue to be very good as we continue to expand geographically with the products.
John Thomas: And Id also keep in mind that we planned for a US lower pricing environment this year that was in our expectations and continues to be as we talk about these businesses and the growth rates.
Jami Rubin: Okay, great. And then for the HUMIRA pricing environment in Europe, are you not seeing a significant pricing pressure from EU markets such as Germany, Spain, Turkey, and UK? Or is HUMIRA offsetting these prices entirety with share gains?
Tom Freyman: Yes, this is Tom. Certainly, for decades we've been dealing with government programs that the general trend is downward prices you know, very low single digits type over the years and doing very well in those environments. If you went into our 2010 planning cycle, you know, we were cognizant because of the economic downturn and the pressure on taxes [ph], but there potentially would be a little more pressure on European healthcare budget in particular, and we planned for that going into 2010, and you know, the news headlines have been there, and you referred to them in your question. Certainly we have seen a little more pressure. That's pretty much in line with our expectations and our forecast that we provided today, you know, the updated guidance et cetera, take into account what is happening in Europe with some of those budget issues.
Jami Rubin: Okay.
Tom Freyman: Whether it is that product or any other.
Jami Rubin: Okay, and then finally, I know we've touched on M&A already, but maybe just it as a fact of kind of bigger picture five years down the road, we have seen a flurry of kind of small to mid-sized deals lately, but is there kind of an estimation or a goal for achieving estimated M&A revenues as kind of a percentage of total revenues five years down the road or what is the larger strategy that Abbott is employing with kind of its increased deal activity?
Tom Freyman: No, I mean, our forecasts and expectations, our baseline assumes no significant M&A activity. I know we've been pretty active over the last two years and I think the assets we brought in portfolio have been truly outstanding, and it really accelerated the baseline, but our expectation going forward is to deliver the types of growth people expect largely from organic sources, and then if we can opportunistically find things to add, to bring a little more accelerated growth. You know, we will consider that from time to time, but we're not counting on M&A to deliver the growth we are expecting.
Jami Rubin: All right. Thanks a lot.
Tom Freyman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Bruce Nadel with UBS..
Bruce Nadel: Good morning. Just  first question is to the very topic that you discussed that no one doubts the acumen of the management team of the kind of earnings power of the company as configured today. I think people are you know less certain about the trajectory of the top line, you know over the mid-term with kind of the products that are through Phase III or progressing through Phase III. So, just to put the number on the baseline, top line that you guys expect to deliver with what you know is pretty firm, or could you just articulate that?
Tom Freyman: Well, you know, I think there tends to be when people are looking at our overall top line, you know, it tends to be a little more focused on pharma when they are doing that math in their head, and obviously pharma is important for us, but we've got 40%, 45% of the business that is non-pharma that is totally different from a portfolio perspective, from a growth rate perspective, from a durability perspective, and you know, it's not just the product mix that people have to consider, but it's also the geographic mix which you know, we are becoming more and more an international company. John talked extensively in his remarks about the various emerging markets initiatives across the businesses, and for us you know, that's not only pharma but it is nutrition, diagnostics, vascular, and all of these markets where, you know, there is a tremendous amount of geographic growth potential in the mix for Abbott, and when we put that all together, I think we have to have a baseline revenue growth in the upper single digits to achieve what we expect to do from an earnings perspective, and I think that's very achievable when you look broadly across the portfolio, when you look at some of the, you know, our pipeline starting to progress and products coming out in three, four years and, you know, the growth potential of the product in the mix already being very strong over the next three-four years and so we bring stronger pharma growth to the mix. So there is a lot going on here, emerging markets, geographic, its key, and I think those revenue forecasts are achievable.
Bruce Nadel: And just one follow-up on HUMIRA, you know, the markets are relatively opaque for us, but do you foresee just given the potential geographic rollouts, an indication of expansions around the world, do you see that that deceleration, which is inevitable to be kind of gentle going forward?
Tom Freyman: Yes, I mean, this is Tom Again. I mean, tremendous quarter again this year, this quarter, 37% HUMIRA growth in the quarter, 30% excluding [ph]. Very strong quarter and obviously it's going to be another great year for HUMIRA, but as you indicate there theyre tough to grow at that rates forever, but we do see very strong double-digit growth for many years to come, and declining somewhat year-over-year, but still very strong, and it's just going to become a little bit less important element of our growth over the years as these other businesses and geographic expansions, et cetera, contribute more and more going forward.
Bruce Nadel: Thanks so much.
Tom Freyman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Derrick Sung from Bernstein.
Derrick Sung: Hi, good morning. Thank you.
Tom Freyman: Good morning.
Derrick Sung: Let me just follow up really briefly on that last point that you are making on  that Bruce was making on the HUMIRA US growth, you know even in this quarter, while you talk you did see very strong growth of 27%, there was a kind of step down from the low 40s that has been sort of the run rate that we have been after for the last few quarters. Was there  do you have the visibility to point to any new indication expansion or any event that we are kind of anniversarying leading to that step down, and then more importantly sort of moving forward, are there any sort of indication expansions, new entries into countries that we can be aware of to sort of help us model, how that step down might occur going forward?
Tom Freyman: This is Tom. I think I can't identify anything specific to your question. I mean, I think it is a bit of a lot of large numbers. I mean, it's a very significant product for us outside the US, but  and certainly I think there is a little economic impact in there and some of the price discussions we had before. Certainly some of that rolls through the growth potential as these European budgets tighten down a little bit this year. That's probably the one thing that's a little different than last year, again which we planned for and have reflected in our forecast. But I think it's really just the fact that the businesses has gotten large, and I still think 27% of the very strong rates and we expect strong double digits continue in this international market.
Larry Peepo: Yes, in terms of new geography Derrick, this is Larry. You know, John mentioned that we did get in Japan the psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis indication approval here early in 2010. You know, that is something that will expand our opportunity in the Japanese market over time. You know, RA continues to move up in Japan for us as well. You know, we just got approval for that in mid 08, but as you know, that market takes a little while for all products to evolve, and so now we are kind of just hitting you know, the stronger portion of the run rate for RA in Japan. We also have other countries we mentioned RA in China. We continue to rollout Crohn's disease in some of the Latin American countries that haven't gotten it yet. We are ruling out psoriasis across you know, some Eastern European countries, South Africa, et cetera. So there still is geographic expansion for the product going on.
Derrick Sung: Okay, great. And going back to healthcare reform, can you maybe run us through kind of the key pharmaceutical products that have exposure to Medicaid, that are going to hit on the rebate this year, and then also next year the Medicare products that will be exposed to donut hole fill?
John Thomas: You know, virtually every product has  in our release it's basically allocated by products. So every single product had some impact of the higher Medicaid rebates in the quarter. I'd say generally speaking the antivirals are a little bit more. Lipids are a little bit more. HUMIRA is probably a little bit less. So  and we even have some residual. As you know, Depakote, the neuroscience products tend to be a little, quite a bit higher Medicaid and while that did go generic last year and our sales were down to $300 million last year that is still you know, a baseline which we did give up some additional rebates for Depakote in the first quarter. So I think that characterizes, but I think one thing to keep in mind as you look at our sales growth numbers for the quarter, is virtually every product has some impact from these Medicaid rebates.
Derrick Sung: Okay, and then as we think forward to 2011 are there certain products that might have more exposure to the donut hole fill than others?
John Thomas: That's very hard to tell because the mechanics of how the doughnut hole is going to work, and which products you could actually have some relatively low-cost products once you're in the doughnut hole getting rebates. So it's a pretty tough thing to estimate at this point of time.
Derrick Sung: Okay, and then just lastly, when can we expect to see some operating leverage in the nutritionals business? You mentioned that there is some opportunity there
John Thomas: Yes, I don't think you're going to see much. I don't think you're going to see much operating leverage in 10 because you know, given the strong top line growth you're seeing there, it's being driven by continued SG&A investment and basically feet in the street in a number of these markets, and 2010 is another year where were doing that. I am hopeful we can see some op margin in 2011 as that stabilizes a little bit, but the reason nutrition has been fairly flat is because that's been a relatively higher SG&A investment business for us.
Derrick Sung: Great. Thank you very much.
Tom Freyman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Catherine Arnold from Credit Suisse.
Catherine Arnold: Good morning.
Tom Freyman: Good morning.
Catherine Arnold: Obviously, gross margin is an important feature of this year and you had given us guidance of consolidated levels, and you expected some expansion. I wanted to ask you two questions for gross margin, one is when you gave that guidance, did you anticipate healthcare reform, and had you incorporated some element of risk to your outlook for gross margins, except that you had already factored that in, or should we be thinking about the fact that your optimism suggests that despite healthcare reform, you are still comfortable with the gross margins. And then the second piece, which I know might be a little bit detailed, but I really am asking kind of for the summary version of this, if you sort of look through your divisions, if you could kind of talk about what the key drivers are, positive or negative, in terms of gross margins that will get that consolidated. Is there any division that is not going to see improvement. There are lots of things going on with mix and volume and reforms, and so I thought if you just stepped back, and kind of went through that that would be helpful?
Tom Freyman: Sure Catherine. I think you have captured really a good point in terms of our gross margin forecast for the year. As I indicated in my remarks, when we did guidance the outlook for healthcare reform legislation was very unclear, and we did not incorporate that into our gross margin forecast. Despite that in the quarter, and the fact that we did have $60 million sales effect of healthcare reform, they outperformed our forecast in the quarter. And for the full year, we pretty much held it steady despite the fact that you know we are getting around $230 million sales impact for the full year. And so that indicate underlying across the business better performance than our baseline expectation at the beginning of the year. So I think you captured a good point, and I think it shows, once we get through this phase of transition in healthcare reform, the trends in our business continue to be good. And I have talked often about a number of these during the call this morning. We talked extensively about vascular with the volume impacts being very beneficial to their gross margins. When you strip away healthcare reform, between Solvay coming in which is positive to our margin and the mix effects of lipids and HUMIRA and the like, the trends there are positive as well. Diagnostic is clearly one that is going through particularly in 2011 at a nice step function in gross margin, as the savings from these cost reduction programs initiated a couple of years ago start kicking in. So those are the big ones that are going to be driving improved margin performance in 11, and you are already seeing some of it in 10.
Catherine Arnold: And Tom, just as a quick follow-up is there any comment to be made about nutritionals or ophthalmology businesses?
Tom Freyman: Yes, nutritionals, I would characterize as fairly steady. Because of the nature of the manufacturing processes, they are being much more material than labor or you know overhead. It is a little tougher to move cost savings into that business. You know, the margins are more impacted by geographic mix and product mix, and I figure that one as being steady to only slightly up. And in eye care, in AMO, I think the key one there is going to be when the LASIK business picks up. A little more profitable piece of that business is volume increases. We are not seeing much this year as I indicated in my remarks. They are fairly steady there, and hopefully if we get some economic impact that one will start moving the right way in 11 as well.
Catherine Arnold: Great. That is helpful. Thanks.
John Thomas: Thank you.
Tom Freyman: Thank you.
John Thomas: And operator, I think we have time for one last question if there is one.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Hi, good morning. Thanks for fitting me in.
John Thomas: Good morning.
Larry Biegelsen: I apologize if this is  if you already talked about this, I was jumping between calls. But Solvay contribution in the quarter, did you give that out, the dollar amount?
Tom Freyman: Yes, I mean on the top line, and this is very ratable with the full-year $3 billion number we provided. It was a little more than $200 million in the quarter.
John Thomas: And remember that was the two weeks of international and six weeks of US.
Tom Freyman: Exactly. So if you do that math, you'll find that it is very consistent with the $3 billion forecast for the full year.
Larry Biegelsen: And second, XIENCE share in the US and Europe, I thought I heard John at 60% number. I wasn't sure if that was US or Europe or both?
John Thomas: Yes. That was platform share in the US. The combination of XIENCE and Promus.
Larry Biegelsen: And Europe?
John Thomas: And Europe, we are  I think we are over 30 now total share.
Larry Biegelsen: I got it. And then lastly, again on the M&A front, like a lot of pharmaceutical companies, you know your late stage pipeline has had some setbacks recently. The Facet deal looks like it brings you a nice asset there. But that is more likely a 2014 launch. I think I have heard you say. So how likely are you or how compelled do you feel to add something a little bit near term for your late stage pharma pipeline? Thanks.
Tom Freyman: Well, you know we like our pipeline. We think we have a lot of good things going on, progressing from our internal pipeline and to your point, Facet brings some very nice compounds in oncology and immunology. This is a portfolio that particularly with daclizumab later stage. And so we should see those coming to market in the not too distant future. And in this business, it never hurts to have more bets, and we continue to be very vigilant and look at opportunities, primarily licensing opportunities to put more into the mix and increase the probability of getting more and more products out. So we are very open to that, and I would say that  that is a focus area for us as I indicated earlier in my  some of the Q&A on this call.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks Tom.
John Thomas: Okay. Thank you Larry. That concludes our conference call today. A replay of this call will be available after 11 AM Central Time today on our investor relations website at abbottinvestor.com and after 11 AM Central Time via telephone at 203-369-0548, confirmation code 138-1449. The audio replay will be available until 4 PM on Wednesday, May 5. Thank you all for joining us today, and please call us, call Larry if you have any questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator instructions). This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's express written permission. I would like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations.
John Thomas: Thanks, Elan. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide his opening remarks and Tom will review the details of our fourth quarter results and outlook for 2010. I'll then discuss the highlights of our major businesses. Following our comments, as we always do, we will take your questions. Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbot cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1-A, risk factors to Abbott's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2008, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as we do always, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors and analysts understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. With that, I will now turn the call over to Miles. Miles?
Miles White: Okay. Thanks, John and good morning. I'll review our 2009 performance as well as our outlook for 2010 across our diverse mix of health care businesses. Tom and John will then walk you through the details of our fourth quarter and full-year results, as well as our 2010 outlook. And then we'll take your questions as always. As you can see from our earnings news release, Abbott reported another year of industry-leading results in 2009. When the industries finish reporting, our 12% ongoing EPS growth rate should again lead all U.S. pharmaceutical companies. Abbott's sales performance in 2009 included double-digit operational sales growth in our international pharmaceuticals, global nutritionals and global vascular businesses as we ended the year with total Abbott worldwide sales of nearly $31 billion. As we did in 2008, we raised our earnings guidance in 2009 as we progressed throughout the quarters and gained additional clarity and greater momentum in our businesses. We delivered industry-leading performance in the face of some difficult headwinds, challenges that faced every multi-national company and each of our health care peers as well. The two that stand out, of course, is the global recession and early on, the impact of currency headwinds. In addition, Abbott faced one of its toughest internal challenges ever, the expected loss of nearly $1 billion in sales of Depakote to generic competition. As evidenced by our results today, we managed through these external and internal challenges and still exceeded our goals for the full year. In many ways, 2009 was a year in which Abbott's investment identity was further solidified as that of a durable, sustainable growth company, one that investors can depend on year in and year out despite external uncertainties or company's specific challenges. Our management team approaches every year with that financial brand identity clearly in mind. We take that commitment seriously and 2009 was no exception. At this same time last year, we committed to delivering top-tier double-digit EPS performance and we were one of only a few health care companies to commit that level of performance and to ultimately deliver on it. And that's what our shareholders expect from Abbott and it's what we intend to achieve again in 2010. As we announced this morning, our ongoing earnings per share guidance range for 2010 of $4.20 to $4.25 reflects accelerating double-digit EPS growth. The midpoint of this range reflects EPS growth of approximately 13.5%. I'll talk more about 2010 in a moment. 2009 demonstrated the balance within our diverse mix of businesses and the strength of our financial position. We generated record operating cash flow of more than $7 billion; returned approximately $2.5 billion in cash to shareholders in the form of dividends, reflecting an 11% increase; and we repurchased more than $800 million of Abbott stock. 2009 also represented our 37th consecutive year of dividend increases, making Abbott one of only a handful of U.S. that's increased its dividend this consistently over so many years. Our return of cash to shareholders through dividends together with Abbott stock price appreciation generated for our investors a total shareholder return of 20% over the last three years compared to a decline of 16% to the S&P 500 over the same period. That level of performance led all U.S. large-cap companies in the pharmaceutical industry while our five-year total shareholder return of 32% was among the top two companies and full 30 percentage points higher than the S&P 500's total return of 2.1%. To help maintain this performance, last year we took long-term strategic actions to augment and reshape our business portfolio. We added new growth platforms and new late-stage pipeline technologies and we did it without passing on EPS solution to shareholders. These non-dilutive strategic actions have enriched our mix of diverse businesses for the near and long term. So here is a reminder of what we accomplished in 2009. In medical products, Evalve brought a new category of growth to our vascular business for the leadership position structural heart repair. It's one of the fastest growing sectors in cardiology. Ibis expanded our portfolio of technologies in molecular diagnostics. Advanced Medical Optics provided entry into the attractive vision care market, adding a leading diverse and sustainable new long-term growth platform. We augmented this business later in the year with Visiogen, adding a new late-stage pipeline technology with an accommodating lens. And in our global pharmaceuticals business, we took a range of significant strategic actions from the expansion of our early-stage pipeline with the addition of a novel biologic for the treatment of chronic pain through to through acquisition of Solvay Pharmaceuticals. Solvay brings to Abbott a portfolio of  a pharmaceutical portfolio of more than $3 billion worth of successful, consistently performing global products, a number of which had reported sales of $100 million or more. Approximately three quarters of these sales are in international markets, predominantly from stable, branded generic products. The acquisition bolsters our presence in key emerging markets where we will leverage our distribution channels to accelerate growth, taking both Abbott and Solvay products into new and faster-growing geographies. As we noted at the time of the agreement with Solvay, we expect more than double Abbott's overall presence in emerging markets by 2013 from nearly $3 billion in 2009 to more than $6 billion. Solvay also enables us to step up our R&D investment, giving us approximately $500 million of incremental R&D investment capacity. We will use this extra funding power to drive future pharmaceutical growth. Finally, the Solvay acquisition was highly attractive from a financial standpoint. In addition to adding more than $600 million in operating cash flow by 2012, Solvay has a very attractive ongoing EPS accretion profile. This accretion is assumed in our 2010 guidance range. We still anticipate this accretion will ramp to more than $0.20 by 2012 and then increase further in subsequent years. Each one of the actions we took in 2009 was strategically attractive, strengthening our technology base, our geographic mix, and overall financial position. In addition to these actions, Abbott continues to maintain commercial leadership positions in a wide range of attractive growth markets. So let me discuss a few of these. HUMIRA, our biologic for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, delivered growth of more than 20% to the full year 2009 and we are well positioned for continued double-digit growth over the long term including another strong year in 2010. We anticipate that HUMIRA will eventually become the number one anti-TNF worldwide, surpassing Enbrel's global market share. HUMIRA's safety and efficacy profile compares favorably to any competitive product on the market or on development to date and there continues to be plenty of room for further penetration in all market segments. This is particularly true internationally where a significant number of patients remain untreated. In cholesterol, Niaspan remains the number one therapy for raising HDL or good cholesterol. The Arbiter-6 HALTS data has helped Abbott's Niaspan prescription share reach an all-time high. And our TriCor/TRILIPIX franchise includes the best therapies for reducing triglycerides as TRILIPIX continues to gain market share. Our nutrition business is one of the strongest globally and we are the market share leader for the majority of the categories in which we compete. This includes infant formula where we've made significant strides versus the competition in the U.S. Outside of the U.S., we are the fastest growing international nutritional company and we expect to maintain our pace of double-digit growth over our long range plan as we further penetrate emerging markets such as China, Brazil, and India. In vascular, we are the market leader in drug-eluting stents where the XIENCE platform is clearly number one in both the U.S. and Europe and we expect to launch XIENCE in Japan in February after receiving final regulatory approval earlier this month. Japan is the second largest DES market in the world, representing a $500 million to $600 million market opportunity. The success of XIENCE has also contributed significantly to this division's operating profits, which more than doubled from 2008. We expect continued steady margin improvement in our vascular business again in 2010, as well as over our long range plan. And in diagnostics, our core laboratory business remains the global leader as we significantly improved operating margins and returns in 2009. The team in this division has outperformed our expectations executing on our previous plan to expand margins and increase cash flow. We continue to grow our point-of-care and molecular businesses at a double-digit pace as well. We are using our financial strength to continue to invest in our research and development across our pharmaceutical and medical device platforms and pipelines where we have a balance of near-term lower-risk opportunities, as well as earlier-stage biologics, small molecules and medical devices that have real potential to change how diseases are treated. Let me highlight a few of particular interest. First in nearest term is CERTRIAD, which is our fixed dose combination product that combined AstraZeneca's CRESTOR with Abbott's TRILIPIX. It provides comprehensive lipid management, targeting all three lipids in a single pill. Given the size of the market and the strong attributes of this product, we have high expectations for CERTRIAD long term. U.S. approval is expected in the first half of this year. In the earlier stages our pharma pipeline, the PanGenetics biologic that we acquired last year as a potential game changer in its ability to treat pain. It's also complementary to our in-house neuroscience portfolio where we have recently moved two compounds into Phase II for Alzheimer's disease. And we have proprietary research technology that could lead to combination biologic therapies with potential application in a number of therapeutic areas including immunology and oncology. In our oncology pipeline, our compounds continue to move through development with two compounds in advance clinical trials and several more in earlier stages. In HCV, we have a multipronged approach to our research base on our  based on our foundational work in the development of protease inhibitors, as well as an internal program focused on additional viral target. We currently have three compounds in human studies and we will see data on each of them this year. We expect data from about a dozen different pipeline programs through  throughout 2010 including data from several programs within our medical device portfolio. In our medical technology pipeline, vascular continues to be a source of opportunity with 10 coronary technologies over the next five years. Of course recent XIENCE approval in Japan will allow us to compete in a large $500 million to $600 million market that's PRIME for Everolimus-based DES product. We will also be launching several new DES products in the U.S. in the coming years including XIENCE Nano in 2011 and XIENCE PRIME in 2012. We also have our bioabsorbable drug-eluting stent, which is slated to launch in Europe during 2013. And finally, we have two new late-stage medical device technologies that we added last year. Synchrony is a new Accommodating Intraocular Lens or IOL technology that allows the eye to move and focus like a natural lens. We anticipate approval in 2011. And the Evalve MitraClip technology will be the first of its kind in the United States to treat mitral valve disease where there is a significant patient population that has only one treatment option and that's open-heart surgery. We also anticipate approval for MitraClip in 2011. Innovations such as these will help us remain a leading health care company in the years to come with new medicines and devices that can make a real difference for people with cancer, chronic pain, Hepatitis C, Alzheimer's disease and heart failure, life threatening diseases where successful treatment options can have a major impact on the quality of life. As we look back on 2009 a the significant impact we absorbed from Depakote, the difficult currency fluctuations earlier in the year and one of the worst global recessions ever, we still managed to meet our major strategic and financial commitments while investing in new opportunities that will help us achieve our targets in the coming years. As we enter 2010, we have good visibility on Abbott's future. We are pleased with our momentum and the fundamental performance of our businesses. We have well defined leadership positions across multiple growth areas with significant growth to come. We are also confident about our financial position with record operating cash flow and a well diversified base of reliable earnings growth drivers. As a result, we anticipate another year of top-tier double-digit EPS growth in 2010. We remain confident about our long-term strategic direction and we are optimistic about Abbott's future. With that, I'll turn it over Tom and John for a more detailed look at our fourth quarter, as well as our outlook for 2010. Tom?
Tom Freyman: Thanks, Miles. As you can see from our earnings news release, we had a strong fourth quarter, delivering double-digit sales and earnings growth. And we are very pleased with our overall performance in 2009 as we delivered results ahead of original expectations for the year. Our fundamentals are strong and our major businesses are healthy. During 2009, as Miles indicated, we accomplished a number of strategic objectives that helped position Abbott for a sustainable double-digit EPS growth. For the fourth quarter, we reported ongoing diluted earnings per share of $1.18, an increase of 11.3% over the prior year and at the high end of our previous guidance range. Sales growth in the quarter was 10.6% including a favorable 2.4% impact from exchange rates. The adjusted gross margin ratio was 58.3%, reflecting improved operating performance of the diagnostic and nutritional businesses, offset by expected lower Depakote sales due to generic competition, as well as the negative impact of foreign exchange on the ratio. We also had strong investment spending in the quarter with SG&A expense up nearly 7%, higher than originally planned as we took advantage of opportunities to accelerate programs that we expect will drive growth in 2010 and beyond. R&D investments reflect continued progress in our broad based pipeline including programs in biologics and vascular, as well as promising Phase I and Phase II clinical programs in HPV, oncology and neuroscience. The full-year 2009 ongoing tax rate of 16.8% reflects continuing favorable trends. We expect these trends to continue into 2010 as I'll discuss in a moment. The fourth quarter ongoing tax rate was 14.5%, reflecting the mix of income by taxing jurisdiction. We took advantage of the tax rate in the quarter to increase our investment spending and SG&A above our original forecast as I indicated. Overall, as we look at the full-year 2009, it was a very successful year. We exceeded our original EPS targets, delivering 12% EPS growth despite the loss of nearly $1 billion in sales from generic Depakote. We also showed improvement in the operating and net margin ratios, while continuing to invest in the business to drive future growth. As Miles indicated, today we are issuing 2010 ongoing earnings per share guidance of $4.20 to $4.25, reflecting another year of strong double-digit growth. This guidance includes the impact of Solvay Pharmaceuticals acquisition, which is expected to close by the end of February. Regarding sales in 2010, we expect strong double-digit growth including nearly $3 billion in sales from the Solvay Pharmaceuticals acquisition. In our sales outlook for 2010 was also reflected the negative impact to our business in Venezuela from the devaluation of the Bolivar that occurred earlier this month. We had sales of more than $350 million in Venezuela in 2009. In addition, we've also included realistic expectations for sibutramine, known by the brand names Reductil and Meridia, based upon ongoing regulatory reviews of the product including the European recommendation last week to suspend the product in the EU member countries following the review initiated in November of last year. Sibutramine sales were more than $300 million globally in 2009 with somewhat less than half in the EU. Our 2010 sales forecast reflects an estimated favorable impact from foreign exchange of 1% to 2% based on current exchange rates including the impact of the devaluation of the Venezuelan Bolivar. Also for 2010, we are forecasting an improvement in the full-year gross margin ratio over 2009 with a ratio of around 59.5%. This increase reflects the favorable impacts of improved product mix and efficiency initiatives, as well as the addition of Solvay Pharmaceuticals. Also in 2010, we are forecasting continued investment in research and development program to drive future growth with R&D of approximately 9.5% of sales. This includes the incremental R&D capacity from Solvay. In 2010, we will be adding Solvay, which had a higher SG&A to sales ratio than Abbott to the expense base. This will increase SG&A as a percent of sales in 2010 to more than 27%. As we said when we announced the Solvay acquisition, our 2010 estimate of accretion assumes no significant efficiencies in SG&A, but we would expect to see efficiencies in 2011 and beyond. Regarding other aspects of our 2010 outlook, we are modeling less than $100 million of other income for the full year 2010 related to the ongoing payments from our previous joint venture. This reflects in part the latest performance expectations for the Takeda products that are associated with these royalty payments. In addition, we expect no milestone payments related to Takeda products  pipeline products in 2010. As a reminder, in addition to the royalties and milestones of Takeda products, we also receive the Lupron franchise which continues its steady performance as part of the equal split of the joint venture. We expect net interest expense in 2010 of approximately $450 million. For 2010, we are forecasting a full-year tax rate of between 16% and 16.5%. This rate is based on growth of key products and the related mix of income across various taxing jurisdictions. Now, let's turn to our quarterly outlook. For the first time, we are providing first quarter ongoing earnings per share guidance of $0.79 to $0.81 including a partial quarter of impact from the Solvay acquisition. The midpoint of this EPS range represents growth over the prior year of approximately 10%. Expected EPS growth in the first quarter is negatively impacted by the comparison to the prior year when other income was $156 million, reflecting royalties and milestone payments related to our previous joint venture. Recall that our international business reports on a one-month lag, so the first quarter of 2010 will only include a very small portion of Solvay's international results. Looking forward to the remaining quarters of 2010, EPS growth is expected to be in the low-teens in each of the remaining three quarters. We are forecasting strong double-digit sales growth in the first quarter including Solvay. We expect a favorable impact from exchange on sales of approximately 3% to 3.5% and an ongoing gross margin ratio approaching 57% in the quarter. So in summary, our global diversified business strategy is continued  continuing to deliver sustainable results. In 2009, we met or exceeded our goals and continue to shape Abbott for the long term. Our diversified mix  business mix, the market-leading products within our core franchises, and the strategic actions we've taken all provide a strong foundation from which we expect to continue to grow. With that, let's turn to the business operating highlights. John?
John Thomas: Thanks, Tom. This morning, I'll review the quarterly performance of our major business segments pharmaceuticals, nutritionals, and medical products including diabetes care, diagnostics and Abbott vascular. So let me start with our global pharmaceutical business where worldwide sales in the fourth quarter excluding the impact of Depakote increased approximately 9%. Fourth quarter's reported sales, 5.2%. For the full year, excluding the impact of Depakote, operational sales increased approximately 9%. In the immunology, global HUMIRA sales in the fourth quarter increased 23% to more than $1.6 billion. Performance was driven by strong international sales growth of 48%. For the full year, global reported HUMIRA sales increased 21.4% to more than $5.4 billion, exceeding our previous guidance for HUMIRA of 18% to 20% reported sales. In line with our expectations, U.S. HUMIRA sales growth in the quarter was impacted by the comparison to the fourth quarter of 2008 when sales growth exceeded 40%. Underlying demand for HUMIRA continues to outpace the market with particularly strong growth in dermatology and gastroenterology segments. During 2009, HUMIRA continued to gain total prescription share in the U.S. anti-TNF market and we are building a strong share position across all indications. Internationally strong double-digit growth continues in the major European countries. We continue to enhance our number one share position in Western Europe and Canada and we are well positioned to expand our number one position into new regions in 2010. Today, more than 425,000 patients worldwide are being treated with HUMIRA. The growing awareness of HUMIRA among physicians and patients and the expanding body of best-in-class clinical data and further market penetration across indications will continue to drive demand in the years to come. Recently, HUMIRA was the first biologic approved for the treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in Japan. As you may recall, HUMIRA received approval for rheumatoid arthritis indication in Japan in 2008. Additionally, we have completed regulatory submissions in Japan for both Crohn's disease and ankylosing spondylitis, and review is currently underway. We also anticipate approval for RA, our first indication in China during the first half of 2010 and we are continuing to launch the psoriasis and Crohn's disease indications in new countries around the world. HUMIRA continues to represent a strong and steady growth driver and we remain confident in our outlook for continued double-digit sales growth. So for the full year 2010, we anticipate reported global HUMIRA sales growth of approximately of 20%. Moving on to our lipid franchise, where Niaspan sales in the quarter were $254 million, up nearly 15%, significantly outpacing the total cholesterol market, which as you know, is growing in the mid-single digits. Full-year Niaspan sales were more than $850 million. We expect double-digit growth for Niaspan to continue in 2010. As Miles mentioned, the release of the Arbiter-6 HALTS study data at AHA November has had a favorable impact on Niaspan prescribing trends. The data add to a consistent body of evidence supporting the role of Niaspan in reversing plaque buildup in the arteries and also underscore the importance of looking beyond LDL to address other lipid targets such as HDL. Also during the quarter, we filed an application with the FDA for two new dosage strengths of Simcor that include 40 milligrams of simvastatin. When approved, the new dosage strengths will provide additional flexibility for physicians as approximately 50% of simvastatin prescriptions are written for the 40-milligram dose. We anticipate approval for these new dosage strengths during the first half of 2010. TriCor/TRILIPIX franchise sales in the quarter were $419 million. Sales growth this quarter was impacted by the comparison to the prior year when sales increased around 16% and then included nearly $40 million related to the initial TRILIPIX launch. In addition, growth in the quarter reflects the temporary reduction in net price associated with broader managed care access and expanded patient assistance programs that were initiated in the third quarter of 2009 as we previously discussed. Total prescriptions for the TriCor/TRILIPIX franchise continue to grow in the high-single digits exceeding the growth rate of the overall cholesterol market. So in 2010, we expect low-double digit growth for the total TriCor/TRILIPIX franchise. Also, as Miles mentioned, we continue to be on track for a first half 2010 approval and launch for CERTRIAD. The regulatory filings for the product is supported by data from multiple studies of TRILIPIX in combination with the most commonly prescribed dosages of CRESTOR in large controlled clinical trials. Given the size of the market as well as the impressive clinical data and product profile, both companies, us and AZ, believe CERTRIAD represents a significant long-term opportunity. For 2010, we expect continued strong double-digit reported growth for our total lipid franchise. So as we look ahead to 2010 and our overall global pharmaceutical business including the addition of nearly $3 billion in sales from the Solvay acquisition, we expect strong double-digit growth. This includes more than 15% growth in the U.S. for the full year 2010 and more than 25% growth internationally for the full year. Turning now to our global nutritionals business, reported sales in the quarter increased almost 9%. U.S. sales in the quarter increased nearly 7% where we've gained market share in the retail sector, driven by the launch of numerous new formulations and line extensions as we've discussed in the past. In our infant formula business, specifically our innovative products continue to resonate in the hospital and retail setting, helping us to maintain a strong share lead over our nearest competitor. Many of our other U.S. products including Glucerna for diabetes and our EAS performance nutrition brand also reported double-digit growth in the quarter. International nutritional sales reported in the quarter were 11% versus the prior year reported period when sales increased nearly 20%. We saw a double-digit growth across geographies including Latin America, Japan and the Pacific Asian market, as well as broad based growth across both pediatric and adult product categories. This was a result of launching next-generation products across many of our brands, which we are continuing to roll out in 2010. So as we look ahead to 2010 on our global nutritional business, we expect continued double-digit reported sales growth with mid-single digit growth in our U.S. nutritionals business for the full year and mid-teens reported growth internationally for the full year. Turning to our medical products businesses, let me start with our worldwide diagnostics business where reported global sales in the quarter increased nearly 9%. In our core laboratory diagnostics segment, which, as you know, includes immunoassay  immunochemistry and hematology, reported sales increased about 6.5%. We continue to reduce overall cost, improve efficiencies, and expand operating margin in this business. During the quarter, we achieved an important milestone as we placed our 10,000 ARCHITECT systems globally. The ARCHITECT family of analyzers offers immunoassay, clinical chemistry, and integrated modules with sizes that fit the needs of any clinical lab. Its unique ability to process samples has changed the way customers process critical test results and how patients receive care. Abbott launched a new ARCHITECT test for ovarian cancer in Europe and submitted a new HIV combo assay for ARCHITECT to the FDA. In the fourth quarter, we also strengthened Abbott's competitive position in the global diagnostic market with the acquisition of STARLIMS, a leading provider of laboratory information management systems. STARLIMS will enable Abbott to provide advance web-based software applications to help laboratories efficiently store, retrieve and analyze data. We plan to complete this acquisition here in the first quarter. In both our point-of-care and molecular diagnostics businesses, reported global sales in the fourth quarter grew again double digits. In molecular, reported sales were up more than 30%, driven by our m2000 platform performance. This quarter, we launched a real-time assay for colorectal cancer on the m2000 in Europe. This DNA-based test provides a less-invasive option to colonoscopies and is the first cancer test available on the m2000. In our point-of-care business, reported sales were up more than 10%, driven by continued success of our Chem8 test in cardiac menu. So as we look ahead to 2010 in our worldwide diagnostic business, we expect mid-to-high single-digit reported sales growth. This includes mid-single digit sales growth in our core laboratory business, where we expect continued profitability and cash flow improvement. We are forecasting double-digit reported growth in both molecular diagnostics, as well as point-of-care. So let me turn quickly now to our other medical products businesses. In our diabetes business, worldwide reported sales in the fourth quarter declined modestly. While the market has been negatively impacted by the economy, we continue to focus on growing our retail prescription share through expanded consumer outreach and patient education. Similar to what we've done in our core laboratory diagnostics business, we are focused on improving the profitability of diabetes care as we look to 2010 and beyond. So as we look ahead to 2010 in our global diabetes business, we expect mid-single digit reported growth. Let me move on to vision care and AMO where sales were $317 million in the quarter. AMO results in the quarter included December international sales, reflecting a transition to calendar year reporting for AMOs international business. There was no significant profit contribution associated with these sales given that it also included operating costs in December. Therefore, the bottom line impact was negligible. In addition, we closed our acquisition of Visiogen in the quarter, bringing us to late-stage pipeline technology Synchrony. Synchrony is an accommodating IOL which is designed to mimic the eyes' ability to change focus, delivering improved vision at all distances and potentially eliminating the need for glasses and contact. Synchrony is on the market in Europe and we anticipate U.S. approval, as Miles said, in 2011 based on the likely timing of panel review in the second half of this year. We expect sales of more than $1 billion for AMO in 2010. Turning now to our vascular business where worldwide sales in the fourth quarter were $723 million and that was up approximately 9%. Global DES franchise sales in the fourth quarter were more than $370 million. DES franchise sales include XIENCE, XIENCE PRIME, as well as our other third-party DES product revenues and we were up double digit sequentially, as well as year-over-year. Sales performance was driven by the continued success at our drug-eluting stent XIENCE, as well as the international launch of our next-generation product XIENCE PRIME, which as Miles mentioned, we are launching in the U.S. in 2012. Two important clinical trials, SPIRIT IV and COMPARE were presented at TCT at the end of September as you know. And earlier this month, COMPARE results were published in the medical journal, The Lancet. In this 1,800-patient investigator-led study, XIENCE demonstrated statistically superior outcomes in key safety and efficacy measures compared to TAXUS Liberte. In the coming months, we anticipate SPIRIT IV will be published in a top-tier medical journal as well. The publications of these two studies, COMPARE and the other publication, will further increase awareness of these trials among our customers and physicians. Since TCT and the disclosure of these data, we've seen positive market share moves for XIENCE and the XIENCE platform in the U.S. and we expect that to continue over the course of this year. From the third quarter of 2009 to the fourth quarter, end of the year 2009, we saw approximately 3 to 4 points of market share move to the XIENCE platform share, which includes PROMUS with roughly equal gains from both products. In Europe, with this data and the launch of the next-generation DES XIENCE PRIME, we are seeing positive market share trends as well. In the U.S. DES market, PCI volume is up low-single digits year-over-year and DES penetration is approximately 77% and that's up about 4 points versus last year. As Miles mentioned, we received approval XIENCE in Japan and we expect to launch in the first week of February immediately following final reimbursement authorization. In addition to our leading stent portfolio, we have expanded our business to include structural heart repair through the acquisition of Evalve, a leader in mitral valve repair. Evalve's MitraClip device is minimally invasive option for treating mitral regurgitation, which is approximately four times more prevalent than aortic disease and is currently treated through open-heart surgery. The MitraClip is on the market in U.S.  in Europe and is anticipated to be approved in the U.S. in 2011. We are on track to submit MitraClip to FDA this quarter and also expect to see the U.S. pivotal trials of EVEREST II at the upcoming ACC medical meeting this March. So as we look ahead in 2010 in our vascular  global vascular business, we expect double-digit reported sales growth as well as continued strong improvement in the operating margin. Moving on to our broad based pipeline overall, we took a range of strategic as Miles and Tom mentioned in 2009 to bolster our early and late-stage pipeline, as well as continued  as well as continue to see progress with many of our internal programs. In 2010, we expect to see continued advancement of our pipeline including the anticipated approval for a number of new products or indications in data from more than a dozen pipeline programs. In our pharmaceutical pipeline, we have a number of unique compounds in early to mid-stage development for oncology, immunology, HCV, neuroscience, and pain management. Our oncology program is comprised of breakthrough research focused on unique, less toxic treatments. Our compounds in development employ unique mechanisms to inhibit tumor growth and improve the response to common cancer therapies. Abbott continues to progress ABT-869, our multi-targeted kinase inhibitor, which is already generating compelling data in liver, lung and kidney cancer. We recently initiated a Phase III trial of 869 in hepatocellular carcinoma and additional Phase II studies in other cancer types are ongoing. ABT-263, our Bcl-2 family inhibitor, is currently in Phase II for chronic lymphoid leukemia. And ABT-888, our PARP-inhibitor, is currently being evaluated in a number of cancer types including metastatic melanoma. Abbott is also evaluating a number of additional promising mechanism in our  mechanism in our preclinical pipeline. In immunology, we are leveraging our experience with the development of HUMIRA to identify new mechanisms with the potential to treat an array of immune-mediated diseases. Our pipeline includes early-stage work on oral DMARD therapies, as well as a number of biologic candidates including ABT-874, our IL 12/23 for psoriasis, currently in Phase III. And our proprietary DVD-Ig technology represents a promising approach that could lead to combination biologic therapies with potential application in a number of therapeutic areas including immunology and cancer. In HCV, we are currently at three compounds in human studies, expanding multiple mechanisms of action with the ultimate goal of developing a best-in-class combination treatment. We have ongoing work in three different target classes, each of which is shown to be effective in humans. We are well positioned to explore combinations of new therapies, a strategy with the potential to markedly transform current treatment practices by shortening therapy duration, improving tolerability and increasing cure rates. In neuroscience, we are developing compounds to address Alzheimer's, schizophrenia, pain and other neurological conditions. We recently advanced two compounds from our NNR and H3 platforms into Phase II development for Alzheimer's as Miles mentioned. And in our vascular pipeline, as we've discussed recently, we are working on more than 10 coronary technologies over the next five years, making it the most robust pipeline in the industry. These include new devices such as XIENCE Nano, small vessel DES, XIENCE PRIME in the U.S. in 2012, an ultra-thin metallic DES, next-generation balloons, as well as our bioabsorbable drug-eluting stent where we are several years ahead of any competitor in the DES space. We recently presented three-year data from our bioabsorbable clinical trial, which showed impressive efficacy and safety results, consistent with our two-year data. And we've initiated a trial called ABSORB EXTEND, which will enroll up to 1,000 patients with more complex disease. Outside of DES, we are continuing to update our product portfolio. We recently received CE Mark for MULTI-LINK 8, our next-generation bare metal stent, which serves as a stent platform for XIENCE PRIME. We anticipate launching MULTI-LINK 8 in the U.S. later this year. We are also reshaping our balloon offerings with a goal to recapture the number one share position. In 2009, we launched our VOYAGER NC balloon and we've gained about 6 share points of the total U.S. balloon market. We plan to launch our next-generation frontline balloon later this year with the expectation for continued market share gains. So in summary, we are pleased with our overall performance in 2009. We've got momentum as we enter 2010 and prepare to close our Solvay Pharmaceuticals acquisition. With that, Elan, we'll now open the call to questions.
Operator: Thanks, John. (Operator instructions). Our first question today is from Mike Weinstein from JPMC.
Mike Weinstein: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Miles White: Good morning.
Tom Freyman: Good morning.
Mike Weinstein: Let me ask this first. The two big swings on the income statement in 2010 for your guidance or the big drop-off that you are assuming in your payments from Takeda, which is fairly meaningful to the bottom line and then that is offset or even more so by the tax rate. Could you just spend a minute on the two and is there a linkage between the two, is there a tie there because the payments are coming down from Takeda that brings your tax rate down as well, is that contributing?
Tom Freyman: No, there is no direct linkage, Mike. This is Tom. What's happening with the tax payments is the development of the product, which as you know, would have been part of the joint venture and we would have been participating even more if the joint venture has continued. The progress of those pipeline products just has not been what was expected a couple of years ago. And as a result, the amount of other income associated with the split-up of the joint venture is going down. I think one way of looking at that is certainly over the next three or four years  and we all knew this was going to decline and we've now taken this out of the mix and it's something that people can pretty much, given the modest level we are running at here, take out of their radar screen in terms of something to be concerned about in the future. So that's the situation there. Totally independent of that, we continue to see, given the growth of key products, just continuing positive trends in the tax rate. You saw that as we left 2009 and we pretty much just carried forward the trends we saw as the year progressed into 2010 with very slight improvement from those levels. So two independent things, but I think you are right. They tend to offset each other. From a modeling perspective, it really means that the fundamentals of the business and the growth that we are projecting for 2010 are sound.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. Let me ask a few others and take it in the order. I guess the number one, as you've gotten further into your Solvay planning, have your thoughts around accretion from that transaction changed at all plus or minus? Two, you talked about HUMIRA, but could you talk a little bit about your thoughts about U.S. versus O-U.S. performance in 2010 and then I'll others jump in. Thanks.
Tom Freyman: I'll take the Solvay question. I mean, we still have not closed, although that is fairly eminent, we expect that by the end of February as we indicated in our remarks. And its  I think it's too early to say given that we haven't fully rolled up our sleeves and work with the management of Solvay to work on improving profitability. Certainly, as I indicated in my remarks, we do expect some efficiencies in SG&A, can take a while for those to pick in and really will be more of a 2011 opportunity. And I just think it's too early to say whether there is any additional potential in 2010. But certainly we have high expectations for this deal, both commercially and from an efficiency point of view as we progress over the next couple of years.
John Thomas: Okay. Mike, yes, on HUMIRA, we are obviously very pleased with the outlook for the product through 2010 with global reported sales growth of approximately 20%. So we are doing very well internationally where penetration rates are low and lower than U.S. and we continue to expand our outlook there, is robust for 2010 as I talked about in my remarks. In the U.S., remember, we have this oddball [ph] situation from last year that is affecting kind of the overall performance as reported  on a reported basis, but the growth of the product  underlying growth is still strong, the scrip trends are in the double digits. We continue to see steady improvement, we expect as Miles said, to become the number one anti-TNF. Eventually, that might not happen this year, but maybe shortly thereafter. Some of the market obviously is skewed by Enbrel and their decline. So we continue to see good progress there. Our data, as you know, is best-in-class and so the new entrants to the market, some of the anti-TNF and then the other IL 12/23have had limited impact, in line with our modest expectations and we expect that will be the case as we go into 2010 here as well. And we've obviously accounted for those in our approximately 20% guidance for growth for this year. So overall, we feel good about where we are at. And Miles, do you want to add anything to that or  ?
Miles White: No, the only thing I'd say, Mike, is if you recall the uneven quarter-to-quarter look of HUMIRA last year from the fourth quarter of '08 to the first quarter of '09, sort of presents an uneven comparison for this year as well. So that looks a little bumpy, but the underlying fundamentals of it are what's more important and I understand that's what you are asking about here. I think the bottom line is  I  clearly, a lot of factors in the market affected anti-TNF last year, biologics of all kind, and HUMIRA. But underlying that, I think we can do better and I think we can do better in our marketing performance of the product in the U.S. and frankly, I expect to see us do better with it this year any way. So I  adding on to what John said, I think there was a number of factors affecting it, but part of it  part of it is what I think we can do.
John Thomas: And we continue to grow faster than the market, which I guess is the bottom line.
Mike Weinstein: Thanks, Miles. I'll let some others jump in.
John Thomas: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jami Rubin from Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin: Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions. On the topic of U.S. HUMIRA sales this quarter, Tom, if my memory serves me right, I think you had called out about a $100 million in stocking fourth quarter of '09, so  or rather fourth quarter of '08. If I adjust for that stocking, is it correct within the U.S., HUMIRA sales would have been up around 19% this quarter? And on that topic of inventory levels, you also had $40 million in TRILIPIX a year ago. So as you head into 2010, what sort of color can you provide around inventory levels going forward because that obviously was a factor in your 2009 numbers? And just question. The guidance for the first quarter of $0.70 to $0.81, which is below the consensus forecast, I would have thought easy HUMIRA comparison should have been a pretty significant tailwind going into the first quarter. What are some of the factors that we should be thinking about in adjusting our models? Thanks.
Tom Freyman: Okay. I'll go through those questions. I think I'll start with TRILIPIX. Clearly, what happened in 2008 is we launched the product in the fourth quarter. So certainly there was some launch quantities going out the door for TRILIPIX and that really is what made the comps difficult between the fourth quarter of '09 and the fourth quarter of '08. So that was really very much a product launch phenomenon and very normal type of thing. HUMIRA stocking, there is probably a little confusion about this. Certainly, in the first quarter of '09, we saw roughly a $100 million of destocking that really affected that quarter. I would say that was even more than the advanced buying or the additional buying the wholesalers did given the strong demand we had in the fourth quarter of '08. It was even more than we saw in that period. So I think I split the fourth quarter '08 more in the $60 million to $70 million range and certainly I think that 19% you quoted is a little high, but certainly as John indicated, if you look at the fundamentals of this business, it's moving in a scrip basis in the low-double digits and probably a little bit more than that overall. So hopefully that gives you the math in negating between the two quarters. And again, as I mentioned in my remarks, I think the big in the fourth  in the first quarter of '10 that is a comp issue because we had some pretty significant milestone payments under the Takeda arrangements in 2009. And as I indicated in my remarks, we are not expecting any milestone payments in 2010 and that really is the big comp issue I think and when I say that, we are still talking roughly 10% growth in the first quarter, but it's slightly less than the latter quarters, mainly because of that comp issue. So I still think the growth in the first quarter is very solid and there is really nothing else notable to factor into the mix there.
John Thomas: Yes. The other thing, Jami, I would mention is  this is John, is be a little careful with that  those estimates in the first quarter. There was a few people in there at 20%, 30% growth rates, which obviously skewed the number. So that's not  it's not quite a trued-up number.
Tom Freyman: Yes. Usually, as you know  as we go into the New Year, the quarterly estimates which  this is the first time we provided any quarterly forecast, they are not very well refined and they really are somewhat dependent on us giving guidance. So I think John makes a good point.
Jami Rubin: Thanks.
John Thomas: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Glenn Novarro, RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn Novarro: Hi, thanks guys. Two questions.
Tom Freyman: Hello.
Glenn Novarro: One, Tom, you gave a lot of guidance in the middle of the income statement for 2010, gross margins going higher, SG&A ratio going higher. A lot of this is being skewed by the Solvay deal. And today, a lot of us will be publishing our 2011 forecast as well. So can you help us how we think about what's kind of a sustainable gross margin is going forward, what a  sustainable SG&A ratio should be going forward so that we can kind of get our 2011 model at least close to how you are thinking about 2011? That's my first question.
Tom Freyman: Okay. Talking about 2011 is the challenge today, but as we look forward at gross margin, the mix of our business continues to improve and I would characterize our gross margin as steadily improving over the next two years, similar to the improvement you are seeing in 2010. SG&A, certainly there is a step-up this year as we add the Solvay business, which has a higher SG&A ratio as I indicated in my remarks. But as we are looking at efficiencies in 2011, I am hopeful that we can bring that ratio down and start seeing the type of leverage again as you've seen in 2009. I would  I'd say one more thing about 2009 going  and really it affects 2010 a little bit as well. Exchange, as you know, as it positively impacts our top line, it does put a little pressure on the margin ratio given the mix of our business and that has had a little bit of the impact on the margin ratio in 2009 and even in 2010. Hopefully, that will normalize out and really the fundamentals of the business will come true a little more clearly.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. And how should we think about that R&D ratio to longer term?
Tom Freyman: As we indicated in our remarks, that's going up quite a bit in 2010 to around 9.5% and certainly we are committed to maintaining at least that ratio going forward. Miles, you may want to chime in here, but we are very committed to very sustainable R&D spending over the long term.
Miles White: Yes. The thing I would add to that, Glenn, is we  as we continue to build our pipelines and the company continues to perform well, I think the thing that I look at long term is obviously wanting to put more and more  I don't know that I'll ever want to stop that, put more and more in the engine room for sustaining the company long term. So personal intent than goal here, which of course 80,000 other people now share, to increase the spending in R&D and we are going to increase that profile. So we will be increasing that profile and that spending in '10 and my goal would be to continue to increase and improve that profile over time. And I  actually, SG&A kind of depends. It depends on the  I think we are in a good balance in our sales and marketing. There is a lot of opportunities to spend on, I think, for market growth where we can measure the return we are going to get. And so I think that kind of depends on where we see the opportunities, but I'd like to have the power to do that and right now the earnings power of the company and the cash flow of the company are such that that we can. We are going to turn out a pretty healthy double-digit growth this coming year and be able to improve our spending in both R&D and SG&A and that's a pretty strong position to be in.
Glenn Novarro: Just one quick follow-up. The shares outstanding ticked a little bit higher than we thought in the quarter. What's a good shares outstanding for 2010?
Tom Freyman: For us, we do plan share repurchase in 2010. We  the shares outstanding for diluted purposes tend to go up and down with the stock price a little bit. That's just the way the formula works. So I think something roughly in the current level is a reasonable expectation for next year as the share repurchase at least offset the  any dilutive effective options, et cetera.
Glenn Novarro: Okay, great. Thank you.
Miles White: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Lewis, Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Good morning.
Miles White: Good morning.
David Lewis: Tom, just on  coming back to tax rate here for a second, I would assume Solvay would have increased the tax rate sort of year-over-year. So can you talk about the specific dynamics on the core business that are resulting in sort of that net lower tax rate for '10?
Tom Freyman: Yes, it's very straightforward and you know what products are rapidly growing for us that tend to benefit  we have benefits from certain tax jurisdictions. So it's pretty much the mix of the business is driving the continued success of our key products.
David Lewis: Great. So more of the same?
Tom Freyman: Yes.
David Lewis: Okay. And then last quarter and this quarter, you talk significantly about, specifically John did  the pipeline. Are you in any better position here Solvay coming up  closing here in a month? Talk about where this relative level of R&D investment is going to go, maybe help us sort of priority rank. Of all the things that John talked about in the pipeline, where we could see the greatest investment for the business here over the next couple of years?
Tom Freyman: Well, again, our plan is to  once we close the Solvay, to do a more thorough review, a very, very thorough review of that pipeline and continue to invest in the programs there that have good opportunity and to the extent we have better opportunities either in-house where we are getting more and more products out of our development pipeline or our discovery pipeline or even external opportunities similar to the PanGenetics deal we did or other things we continue to look at. Its really going to be a process we will work through  really throughout the year and that's the way we are going to approach that.
John Thomas: David, you asked us specifically about a particular business or the company as a whole?
David Lewis: You just did a nice job of laying out the pipeline more definitively now than you had in prior quarters. So I'm just wondering, given the increased investment, if you could help frame up for investors where we can expect more significant investment versus sort of less significant investment given your throughout kind of myriad of programs?
Miles White: Well, Id say just by sheer balance of size in the businesses, obviously pharma is going to be a place to get the disproportionate amount of R&D investment in absolute terms because its just a much bigger business, but Id tell you also we remain pretty bullish on our pharma business, and the categories, therapeutic categories that we are in. And so consequently Id say overtime here that will get a fair amount of incremental investment, which Id like it to, and one of the most effective things about the Solvay acquisition was the ability to redeploy some of that spending to things we want to spend on either new products coming out of discovery into our clinic or, frankly things we want to accelerate. So I like having the spending power and flexibility to do that. At the same time were putting some attention behind the expansion of products in emerging market. And thats kind of a  its a newer for us, it hasnt gotten a lot attention, it will going forward, you heard from Tom that there is a significant number of opportunities emerging in our device businesses. And while I think there is a lot of opportunities there, and we could put a fair amount of investment behind them, pharma tends to be a fairly big consumer of spending as a generality. And as I said, weve done really well with pharma last 10 years, and we continue to, and we like our position, and remain bullish on the specific opportunities there. So Id look to that kind of a proportion at balance.
David Lewis: Okay, just one last question, Ill jump back in queue, but John, you talked about TriCor  the TriCor/TRILIPIX sort of back on track with pretty good growth rates for 2010. Is there a conversion percentage that the company is striving for here by the end of 2010?
Tom Freyman: Yes, obviously we want to keep moving it up steadily which is what we have been seeing in the marketplace, and as we have talked about in the past that level of TRILIPIX continues to increase in the most steady pace, and so no specific targets I can give you other than steady improvement.
David Lewis: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tom Freyman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sara Michelmore from Cowen.
Sara Michelmore: Great. Thanks. Miles, what we have here is the interest in kind of your thoughts in terms of long-term picture here and where your growth drivers would be coming from? Today, if I look at the portfolio, a lot of the key growth drivers, or a number of them anyways, come from products that you have acquired externally, and it sounds like the company is, maybe, shifting more towards internal innovations, and I am just wondering if you could comment on that? And then also, now that you have got close to closing the Solvay deal, is that  should we think about that being kind of the acquisition that you are focused on for 2010? Does that preclude you from doing other things, et cetera? Thank you.
Miles White: Okay. Well, I will tell you the notion of where your products come from kind of ebbs and flows, as you point out a number of those products that are growth drivers today were the result of acquisition. Of course, they were in development at the time of acquisition, and in a lot of cases, we have already forecasted success for those products. We have been pretty fortunate that a number of those products have been extra successful in a lot of ways, and I think we have done a great job with the development of those products in taking them to market which, I credit my management team with. So we have been beneficiaries of that. The developmental of a pharmaceutical type may not, frankly today, even a very innovative device pipeline takes a lot longer than it used to, or at least on the device type, and your organic pipeline takes years to evolve and develop, I am very pleased by what I see coming out of discovery now into Phase I and Phase II. But I am also mindful that investors are a little more impatient in waiting 10 years to see a product develop. So you have got to try to stage your pipeline than your products in a steadier fashion for the investment committee and so consequently a supplement what should do with licensing and to our acquisition. Now having said that, I dont think any company  at least this company should rely  should not rely on just licensing and acquisition. You got to have a pretty good organic engine room that can innovate, discover, develop, design etcetera, new products. I am pleased by what I see there but I put an awful a lot of emphasis on that internally because I dont want to just be reliant on external sources of new products. So it ebbs and flows there. We look pretty comprehensively at both. Weve got a pretty good idea of what's coming out of our own innovation, but at the same time I dont think we can ever feel satisfy that there is enough and so consequently we push ourselves to look not only internally but outside and until there is a balance. Now with regard to the future I think there is things I see in pharma, there clearly will be growth drivers. Were paying attentions to the long-term there. Theyre five to 10 year out period because and not all products are sustainable. There is thing that go generic etcetera. Were mindful of that, were mindful of the timing. This year we weathered a largest product that ever gone generic in our history. That was difficult and I would suggest in some ways nobody even noticed because we had so much growth out of other new products that we managed to maintain double-digit growth in this tough economy with the biggest generic, our product going generic we ever had. We have to plan that way for the long-term future and so we do. And I think we balanced the investment in external opportunities with the internal very well, but I wouldnt skew too far in any one direction. Remind me again the second part of your question.
Sara Michelmore: Yes. Just on M&A, I mean do you feel like your plate is full at least in the near-term for large deals with Solvay and kind of how should we think about your appetite for M&A going forward? Thanks.
Miles White: Well, we did a lot in 2009, as you know, we had I think six significant additions to the company, some more significant than others in terms of your size. Were obviously focused on the integration preparation for Solvay, when it closes  I would tell you that we had so much experience with the rapid integration of a midsize company like that that I think were well prepared and well organized for that. AMO is fully integrated, we are sort of done with that and up and running and fine, and the smaller things that we added to the company whether Evalve, Visiogen, et cetera. They are all I think well integrated. So Solvay is getting the preparation right now. I dont in anyways think that that consumes our activity so much that we are unprepared for anything else. I wouldnt tell you that we are so busy and at capacity that we cant do anything else. That said were being rather opportunistic and selective as we look at what  what kinds of things we continue to be interested in. I think its an opportune time last year and going forward for a while in the external role. I think there are opportunities there, we are keeping  were keeping our eyes open for things that would be additions to or expansions of our existing franchises or businesses around the world, were mindful of further geographic footprint. I have mentioned before that the emerging markets are clearly a priority for us, and our footprint there important to us in a number of our businesses. So I wouldnt rule out any kind of licensing activity, I am always looking for things to enhance our pipeline. And I think thats a constant effort and I dont feel constrained from an activity standpoint or capacity standpoint at this point then. And I think from a financing standpoint we are just prudent. We try to keep things in balance because we know that it's important for us to maintain certain flexibility and maintain a certain financial profile to our investors. So, kind of long-winded answer of saying, no I dont feel overly constrained.
Sara Michelmore: That's helpful, Miles. Thank you.
Miles White: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rick Wise from Leerink Swann.
Rick Wise: Hi, good morning.
Tom Freyman: Hi, Rick.
Rick Wise: How are you doing? Let me start with the EPS guidance one more time. If you look at the low end, the $4.20, $4.25, if Solvay is going to add roughly $0.10 this year, it would seem  clearly, you are more cautious on maybe, let's call it the core of the '09 core Abbott, is that all Takeda and the Meridia impact? I mean, is that the major delta in the context of  I know you are always desirous of being conservative to start the year?
Tom Freyman: Well, certainly, you are right, it's beginning of the year, but I wouldnt characterize it that way, Rick, at all. I mean, let's look at the basic areas. If we didn't have the $0.10 to Solvay we would be growing, again, double digit even excluding the Solvay addition over the 2009 numbers. So, again, very, very strong earnings growth regardless certainly we had a couple headwinds that I mentioned early in the year where we factored those into our guidance and we are still delivering guidance that is very consistent with what have been saying for a long period of time and very specifically what weve talked in the third quarter call despite these events. So, I think that shows how strong the underlying business is, our ability to withstand things that happened, and I think our growth forecast, at this point in time, are very solid even before the addition of Solvay.
Rick Wise: Okay. So I just try this differently. ABT-874 could you update us a little bit? I dont think I heard you mention it, an early  any early signs from the competitive anti-IL-12 that have been launched about half of this type of drug you think received in the market? And maybe just talk about timing of the data in launch? Thanks.
Tom Freyman: Hi, Rick. Yes, I did mention in my prepared remarks that 874 continues to progress in Phase III development, so the timing there is the same as what we talked about before. Our target is to continue to look to file their product in the first half of this year. That of course, as always with any of these products you have to meet with regulatory authorities and prove youre pre-NDA submissions and so forth. So nothing really new there. I would tell you that the other IL 12/23 product that you mentioned, which did come to market, has had about the impact we expected, which is modest, and thats explainable, particularly given that its psoriasis product in terms, as we talked about before, it tend to be more conservative in their treatment. And probably we'll wait to see more data and get more comfortable with these new mechanisms of action and their safety profile as we go through time. That contrasts obviously with the anti-TNF and HUMIRA in particular, which has not only strong robust efficacy data on the psoriasis side, but also many, many years of safety thats also go with it. So I think there is more of a comfort there. So as I mentioned in my remarks about the 20% global reported growth for HUMIRA this year that does factor in these new mechanisms of action which tend to be used in a more for failures to begin with match the expectation we have going forward.
Rick Wise: Got it. And just last, may I if I could follow-up on the earlier question that asked little differently but just, maybe just update us on your latest talks about cash used or how your priorities or your thoughts are changing as you look out this year and next. And maybe broadly, would you rather if you could acquire would you  get the right price, would you rather would be doing on the pharma side or in the rest of the franchise? And maybe any thoughts on where we stand with health care reform as well. Thanks so much.
Miles White: Okay, well that should take the next hour. I would tell you this. On the cash use, first of all we get a very strong cash flow. And we've maintained a steady dividend growth to the delight of many investors now from 37 years as we pointed out, and double digit dividend growth. So thats a healthy thing I think for investors, and particularly the kind of investor that we often appeal to. Secondly, we repurchased shares. So our cash return to investors is very strong. I think we are prudent investors of capital, our cash flow is strong enough that we can do all of that. And still have the flexibility to whether its in licensing or certain selective acquisitions and so forth, we can do that. We try to maintain a particular balance with all of that. To add on to Toms point earlier about our forecast coming into the year, I think we've given investors a very strong forecast, this is an accelerating double digit earnings forecast, on top of a double digit performance in the prior year that many companies did not deliver and owing to clearly economic factors and specifics to their companies and so forth. So I think what youre seeing here is a very steady strong and even accelerating financial and economic performance, and the underlying balance sheet and cash flows contribute to that. My desire is to keep all that in balance; we try not to extend any particular extreme. And then with regard to M&A activity we try to just keep it balanced, and so that we can respond to opportunities. I wouldnt say our priorities have changed; I wouldnt say we are shifting in any particular direction other than what we have done. If you look at last year, we were able to do all other things that we did and passed through no dilutions. I know our investors, particularly in this environment, are concerned about that. They want steady, reliable, you told me you were going to do this, please do it kind of forecasting and thats what we have given them. We said we are going to do X. We went on and did our strategic investments and we didnt alter X. We didnt disrupt our investors with changes in our earnings or earnings forecast or our long-term earnings or earnings forecast or returns forecast going forward. We havent altered our dividend profile or our cash profile or our return to investors profile. And I think if you do that, if you maintain a certain balance, and  we have to maintain a little bit of contingency planning in there. You can call it conservatism, you can call it whatever, but we always enter a year understanding that we are going to need some sort of contingency planning for the unknown whether its the Venezuela devaluation or suspension of a product or these things happen. And yet, we have not passed those through to the investors, we have managed them, and that's what we are supposed to do. We are supposed to manage them so we can remain a reliable, steady, predictable investment for our investors and I would add to the top of that, if you go back and look over the last four or five years, I'd say pretty consistently or at least probably 70% to 75% of the time we have beat our forecast in the quarter. And I'd say, that given our investor confidence, I remember, Rick, you used to ask me if we were  if we had a stronger performance, would we reinvest it or give some back to the investor and I used to tell you we do both and thats exactly what we have done. We have done both. We passed some of that back to the investor and we have also invested either to M&A or the investment in our profile. So I think we had been really good story for investors and a good balance. Weve done what we said we were going to do and more. And were forecasting to continue to do it.
Tom Freyman: Are you there, Rick?
Rick Wise: No problem. Thats why I didnt want to stop him out.
Miles White: John was giving me the hook  anything else, sir?
Rick Wise: Thank you very much.
Miles White: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bruce Nudell from UBS.
Bruce Nudell: Good morning. I have a very tactical question and then I have a more strategic question. Looking at your 70 million stocking at 4Q '08 around 7% price out of the 10% less is what we were guessing, that would imply perhaps a little bit of destocking this quarter, are we just over-optimistic on the price component. Could you just give us little modeling guidance there?
Tom Freyman: Yes, you are very high estimating that. As you know there maybe a wholesale adjustments but when you net it down to rebates, et cetera, you get to a pretty low-single digit-type number. So I think youre very much over estimating that. I think thats the situation.
Bruce Nudell: That would explain it. Thank you. And then on the strategic level dynamics in the drug-eluting stent market in aggregate are bad. Pricing is more than offsetting any volume growth. In terms of an investment opportunity, do you see that market turning around? And can you contrast that with the structural heart disease opportunities through your vascular business, either the mitral one or perhaps an aortic one down the road? Thanks a lot.
Miles White: Bruce, Ill give you some overall just sense of the market, I think a lot of markets took a lot of pressure in the last year or two, largely because of the economy, and to a degree some consumer discretion and then on top of that some pretty intense price competition. If I look at the DES market in particular, Id say this. The market has tougher conditions but we couldnt be in a better position in that market. Both in terms of XIENCE and the XIENCE/ PROMUS platform, we go head on against our competitor Boston Scientific against our own product. And thats an interesting dynamic in the market, but frankly its benefiting a product. And if you are going to be in any kind of a market at all whether its under pressure or not to having the superior product, superior medically, technically and from a scientific standpoint et cetera, thats a pretty strong position to be in. I dont think the need for these products is going to go away. I dont think the concern about the cost that health care is going to go away. But in a market where there is pressure on cost et cetera, there is always going to be opportunity for superior products that make a real difference. And thats what XIENCE/PROMUS is, and frankly thats what the pipeline is like coming out of our vascular business. So, Id say we remain pretty optimistic about the opportunities in that segment. I think if you just got a me-too product or an inferior product, you are going to struggle in these markets. And we see that, and we see that a couple of our businesses, not this one. We see that in some other companies and their products. So I think we are in a pretty strong position, we are in a position where we can afford to be pretty, I guess, strong in terms of our investments and our expansion. The way you look at market like this, if you want to take as much share as you can with your products while you got a strong position, and that's what were doing, and we see that happening and weve got geographic expansion on top of that, and then a pipeline of improved products coming behind it where we are way ahead of our competition, like bioabsorbable stents, et cetera. We just are way ahead of everybody else in terms of things that are coming. So, I think that remains a pretty attractive market. Remind me again the second half  about Evalve.
Bruce Nudell: But more broadly, Evalve is probably the first of many things that you could do and thats based overtime?
Tom Freyman: Yes, I will tell you, Bruce, right now we are very excited about the mitral space. Thats, as I mentioned, a space thats about four times the size of a aortic. Its about $3 billion market opportunity. We are there first; we've got a considerable lead. It's a pretty exciting technology; as you know, and the alternative is open it up your chest with open-heart surgery, so obviously a critical patient need. We will be presenting data at ACC. In fact, as we were talking, we just found out that our late breaker EVEREST II has been accepted as a late breaker presentation at ACC. So, that, I think is a focus area for now. There is no other plan to expand beyond that in any significant way at this time, but that's what we can tell you so far.
Bruce Nudell: Thanks so much.
Tom Freyman: Okay. Well, operator, we will take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from Derrick Sung from Sanford Bernstein.
Derrick Sung: Hi, good morning.
Tom Freyman: Hi, good morning.
Derrick Sung: Miles, just staying at the high level first, HUMIRA has been driving tremendous growth obviously as we all know for the company over the last few years and we'll probably continue to do so certainly this year and maybe next year. But inevitably that growth is going to slow and you're going to be facing potential generic competition in 2014 and maybe the oral kinase  things that are going to be  competition before that. How comfortable do you feel in terms of the positioning of the company as it stands today that you will be able to fill that gap when that inevitable slowdown in growth happens and how do you get investors comfortable with your ability to do so?
Miles White: Well, a couple of things. Am I comfortable, I am comfortable that we will address that dynamic when the time comes probably, because we are working on it now and we have been and I would tell you if an investor is looking for a single product that replaces the slowing down of a HUMIRA it's probably not a single product. I think you can count on a single bullet thats going to miraculously somehow replace a product like HUMIRA. HUMIRA patterns last until 2018 outside the U.S., early 2017 in the U.S. And we look at that and we say okay, we're going to need, it's going to be a different dynamic I think with the biologic than your typical oral med in the U.S. I think what we're going to see is a decline that would be more gradual than a typical small molecule. But even then, I think we have to prepare for a number of other growth drives across the board that would replace the growth being driven by HUMIRA, and we are. We are not counting on any one thing. We are not counting on only a couple of things. So we are addressing a lot of growth drivers from a lot of sources. Some of thats pharma, actually some of its geographic, some of its devices. We are well aware of what the profile could look like out there. I dont think its a statant type profile when the time comes, but nevertheless we are planning and preparing and making our strategic moves with the notion that it will be a combination of factors. Now, as how do I get the investors confident about that. There is a lot of investors Derrick that are confident so they can see something in the rearview mirror behind them. But I would say this, a lot of times investors gain their confidence by the track record and the performance of the company. And if you look at what we've done over the last six or seven years, and how we navigated Depakote going generic by AxSYM and chloroeremomycin going generic, et cetera. As I said earlier, you didnt even notice that Depakote went generic because there were other growth drivers in the pipeline, and they arrived and launched and drove growth at exactly the offsetting time as Depakote. And I would tell you that was not an accident. That had been planned, that had been managed, that had been prepared for years earlier, and the same is happening here with the anticipation that some day HUMIRA will not be the growth driver that it is today. And all I would tell you  all I could tell you is, to the extent that there is not crystal clear crystal ball visibility to what those drivers maybe when the time comes, I think the investor has to take some confidence that the management and the strategies of the company historically have repeatedly done that. If you go back to what this company looked like in say 10 or 11 years ago, we were about $12 billion in sales. We spun off Hospira and about four to $5 billion worth of pharmaceutical products went generic in the interim. That leaves us a company with about a $5 billion base stack then, and this year we projected you 36, $37 billion in sales. That wasnt an accident, that was managed, and I would say to investors that we are obviously much broader base company today, we've got more growth drivers today. It didnt happen to us like an active god, we planned ahead for the things that would go generic and that we would have to replace. We invested in our pipeline accordingly and the things that we brought to the company, and we will do the same going forward in that five to 10-year period when HUMIRA will slow and other things will obviously go generic. A company like ours has to keep replacing itself with new technologies, new products, new growth drivers and we are. We are not sitting back just watching HUMIRA and enjoying the growth. In fact, that's part of what we do today, and that's part of where investors are focused today because you look for an answer every 90 days. We are spending a fair amount of our time on our investments and our pipeline, and our research and development and we are planning and plotting years six through 10 out there in the LRP. I think that right now, absence  detailed visibility and forecasting of elements of our pipeline of new products coming, that's probably the best we can ask of investors as to keep believing in us because of what we have already done and delivered on a fairly consistent basis and better than most over the last 10 years.
Derrick Sung: Okay. Thank you. A follow-up to the HUMIRA pricing question, so you have been taking maybe 5% to 6% price increases annually, and I understand that pulls up pricing with rebates that may not flow through, but, my question is how sustainable is that moving forward? How much of that is built into your guidance for 2010 in kind of given the cost containment environment? Do we continue to assume that that continues on for the next few years?
Tom Freyman: Yes, certainly  I mean, we were pretty realistic about the markets, and its clear that in all of our health care business across the Board, we generally dont count on price. We recognize that this is a competitive market and we have to be efficient and thats fundamentally the way we put our long-range forecast together. So, fundamentally we can't count on it going forward. In a way we have not built expectations of it into our forecast going forward.
Derrick Sung: Okay, one real quick one. Your guidance for TriCor and TRILIPIX in 2010, what is that assume about results from the ACCORD trial, positive impact, negative impact neutral impact and when are we expect to see those results? Thank you.
John Thomas: Yes. Okay. Well, I was waiting an hour and a half before I could take questions. So for the uninformed, the ACCORD trial as we talked about in the past is an NIH study and was designed back in the late 90's, started enrolling patients shortly thereafter, not our study. I think the key things to remember with that its a base line patient population that has near normal trig levels. So clearly not our target patient population, which tends to be patients who have trig levels that are quite a bit more alleviated in that 200 to 300 in most cases. The other thing is that most of those patients that were in that trial were already at goal and taking a statin as well. So there is a number of confounding factors there. I think the expectation is that most people understand that now that that not something that would typically start be set up at least from our view point to try to demonstrate the efficacy of the product that been well demonstrated through other studies and so forth. So, the only thing I would tell you on that is we dont control the study. We dont when it's coming. ACC would seem like a likely venue but it's completely for all of NIH. And the other I'd say is as we with any clinical trial result I think it's important to look at the full context of the data, look at the full body of the data with some total. That can be the primary endpoint, that can be secondary end point, safety, efficacy. So well see, but we are obviously aware of that, we factored it in. We dont expect any significant impact on that I guess is the bottom line. And if you remember the field study, which got a lot of attention at that time, we actually grew our scrip share quite nicely from that base. So thats the story.
Derrick Sung: Thank you very much.
John Thomas: Okay, you are welcome. That concludes our conference call today. A replay of this call will be available after 11:00 a.m. Central Time on our Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com, and after 11:00 a.m. Central, via telephone at 203-369-3535, confirmation code for that is 2762342. And as always, the audio replay will be available until 4:00 p.m. next Wednesday, February 3rd. Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-14 09:00:00) =====
John B. Thomas: Good morning and thanks for joining us.  Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.  Tom will review the details of our financial results for the quarter and outlook for the remainder of the year.  I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses.  Following our comments, as always, we will take any questions. Some statements made today may be forward-looking.  Abbot cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.  Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, and are incorporated by reference.  We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help our investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance.  These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today which will be available on our website at www.abbott.com.  In addition, we will include operational sales results today which are given on a constant currency basis, i.e., excluding foreign exchange. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas C. Freyman: Good morning.  Today we are pleased to report strong third quarter results with ongoing earnings per share of $0.92 reflecting growth of 16.5%.  This was above our guidance range of $0.88 to $0.90 for the quarter.  Based on our strong performance, today were raising our 2009 EPS guidance range to the $3.70 to $3.72 reflecting nearly 12% growth at the midpoint.  This was particularly strong growth given the full impact were absorbing from generic Depakote this year, currency head wins, and the global economic environment.  Weve exceeded the midpoint of our guidance range each up to three-quarters this year reflecting the fundamental strength of our diverse portfolio. In addition to our strong operating performance, we are very active this quarter in terms of positive news flow with outstanding scientific data on Xience, two important new technology acquisitions in medical devices and the strategic and highly accretive acquisition of Solvay Pharmaceuticals which Ill recap in a moment. First, let me provide some additional color on the third quarter.  Regarding sales, operational growth that is foreign exchange was 8.4% reflecting double digit growth in our global nutritional business, international pharmaceuticals and international vascular business.  Exchange was unfavorable at 4.9%, so on a reported basis, sales increased 3.5%.  Recall that our international businesses report sales on a one-month lag, so our exchange impact reflects year-over-year currency changes for the 3 months ended August 31st. Excluding a 3% negative effect from the decline in Depakote sales from generic competition, operational sales growth was 11.4%.  Depakote negatively impacted global pharmaceutical growth by 5.5% and US pharmaceutical growth by 10.5%. The adjusted gross margin ratio in the quarter was 57.1% in line with our forecast reflecting margin improvement in nutritional and diagnostic businesses offset by lower Depakote sales and the negative impact of foreign exchange on the ratio. Regarding spending levels in the quarter, both SG&A and R&D were in line with our forecast.  Ongoing R&D expenses reflected timing of investment in our broad-based pipeline including programs in vascular devices, biologics, neuroscience, oncology, and HCV.  Ongoing SG&A expense was 25.4% of sales in line with our forecast for SG&A leverage in 2009, particularly in the second half of the year.  The tax rate in the quarter was 17.8%, in line with our previous guidance. Before I turn to the outlook for the remainder of the year, let me give you a quick overview of our recently announced Solvay Pharmaceuticals acquisition.  The acquisition is both strategically and financially attractive further diversifying our pharmaceutical growth and adding more than $3 billion in sales for our global pharmaceuticals business next year.  This includes the portfolio of durable, sustainable on-market products that complements our current offerings.  It bolsters our presence in fast-growing, key emerging markets where well leverage distribution channels to accelerate growth taking both Abbott and Solvay products into new geographies. The acquisition adds more than $500 million of R&D investment capacity next year.  As a result, wed expect Abbotts overall R&D as a percent of sales to increase at least half a percentage point from its current level.  This incremental R&D spending is expected to further accelerate Abbotts longer term pharmaceutical growth. The acquisition establishes Abbotts presence in the global vaccines market and includes a smaller molecular diagnostics business.  Importantly, the transaction offers a very attractive ongoing EPS accretion profile and strong operating cash flow.  We are forecasting ongoing EPS accretion of approximately $0.10 in 2010, ramping to more than $0.20 accretion by 2012 and increasing thereafter. So, overall, the acquisition advances our growth strategies and enables us to significantly add to our R&D investment, strengthening our pipeline in both the near and long-term.  Were confident the acquisition will further enhance the growth of our pharmaceutical business over the coming years. Turning to our outlook for the remainder of the year, as I mentioned earlier today, were raising our 2009 earnings per share guidance reflecting strong double digit growth over 2008.  Regarding the 2009 sales outlook for the full year we expect low to mid single digit growth on a reported basis including the incremental sales from AMO. Our sales forecast for the full year includes an estimated negative impact from foreign exchange of somewhat more than 4% based on year-to-date performance in current exchange rates.  As a result, we expect operational sales growth for the full year that is excluding exchange in high single digits.  We expect the full year gross margin ratio of approximately 58%. As I mentioned, we expect to deliver SG&A leverage in 2009 with SG&A as a percentage of sales and somewhat above the 26% for the full year which reflects a reduction of more than 100 basis points this year.  We continue to forecast R&D as a percentage of sales for the full year of approximately 9%. Regarding other aspects of our 2009 outlook, we expect ongoing other income approaching $300 million primarily related to the conclusion of the TAP joint venture and were forecasting net interest expense of roughly $400 million including financing costs associated with the AMO transaction.  As a result, when you look at the overall P&L for 2009, we expect further improvement in our operating margin ratio as well as our net margin ratio. The P&L profile results in our full-year 2009 EPS guidance range of $3.70 to $3.72.  This includes a forecast for fourth quarter reported sales growth in the high single digits including an estimated favorable impact from exchange of approximately 2%.  We expect an ongoing gross margin ratio of approximately 58% in the fourth quarter reflecting the impact of Depakote and the rapid movement in currency rates that weve seen recently, particularly when related to a move in the opposite direction in 2008. Overall, were pleased with our third quarter and our performance year-to-date.  Were delivering strong operating results while taking strategic actions to ensure our top tier performance over the long term.  This includes the medical technology acquisitions of AMO, Ibis, Visiogen, and Evalve; our acquisition of Wockhardts nutritional business in India and most recently who sold pharmaceuticals acquisition.  In addition to these new platforms, our core businesses continue to perform well and remain important contributors to our sales and earnings growth outlook. With that, let me turn it over to John for the business operating highlights.
John B. Thomas: Because weve had significant activity over the last month and several chances to communicate with our investors as well as our analysts, Im going to try to keep my remarks somewhat brief today. As I review the performance of our major business segments including pharmaceuticals, nutritionals, and medical products, Im going to focus primarily on operational sales which as a reminder is performance before the impact of foreign exchange and for reference our earnings news release contains a review of sales results before and after the impact of foreign exchange both on an operational and a reported basis. So, let me begin with pharmaceuticals where worldwide operational sales excluding the impact of Depakote increased more than 9%.  Including Depakote, operational sales increased approximately 4% and reported sales declined approximately 1.5%. In Immunology, global Humira operational sales increased approximately 32% worldwide to nearly $1.5 billion.  Performance was driven by strong international operational sales growth of 41.5% and strong US growth of 21%, actually more than 21%.  Given the performance of Humira year-to-date, today were raising our full-year global Humira forecast for operational sales growth to 28% to 30% worldwide and for reported global sales growth to 18% to 20%.  Humira continues to grow faster than the self-injectable anti-TNF market.  Internationally strongly double-digit market growth continues in the major European countries where earlier this year Humira advanced into the number one market share position. Humira clinical data continues to compare favorably versus existing agents or potential new competitors.  In fact at the upcoming American College of Rheumatology or ACR meeting, well present data regarding Humiras ability to inhibit joint destruction out to 8 years in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.  Based on outstanding clinical data across our full range of indications and more than 12 years of clinical experience, were well positioned for success in what is an efficacy driven market.  Humira continues to represent a strong and steady growth driver for Abbott as penetration rates in the global anti-TNF market remain relatively low.  Currently penetration rates for RA are in the mid 20s in the US and mid teens internationally. Crohns disease penetration in the US is in the low 20s and low teens internationally, and in psoriasis, penetration both in the US and internationally is in the mid-single digits.  We expect penetration rates across all indications to continue to increase over the next several years.  Moving onto our lipid franchise where Niaspan sales were $250 million in the quarter, up more than 10%, continuing to outpace the total cholesterol market which is growing in the mid-single digits.  TriCor Trilipix franchise sales were $330 million similar to the prior year.  Sales growth this quarter was impacted by the comparison to the prior year when sales increased double-digit as well as a temporary reduction in net price associated with broader managed care access and expanded patients assistance program that is temporary.  The launch of Trilipix is on track with prescription growth for the franchise growing faster than the overall cholesterol market, and growth of new patients resulting in total market share gains for the TriCor Trilipix franchise. During the quarter, AstraZenecas sales force began co-promotion of Trilipix in the US, expanding reach and brand awareness to additional physicians.  As you may recall, Abbott began co-promotion of Crestor last year.  Both agreements strategically positioned Abbott and AstraZenecas sales forces for the first half 2010 expected approval of Certriad, the fixed dose combination of Trilipix and Crestor.  As a reminder, Trilipix is our next generation fenofibrate and the first and only approved product for combination use with statins.  Also during the quarter, we initiated a Trilipix branded consumer awareness campaign which has driven increased patient increase across all channels.  The campaign will continue in the fourth quarter when we are expected to drive incremental share performance. Earlier this year and ahead of schedule, Abbott and AstraZeneca announced the FDA regulatory submission for Certriad which provides comprehensive lipid management targeting all three lipid parameters HDL, LDL, and triglycerides in a single pill.  The filing for Certriad is supported by data from multiple studies of Trilipix and combination with the most commonly prescribed doses of Crestor, the 5, 10, and 20 mg in large controlled clinical trials. In these studies, combination therapy improved HDL and triglycerides compared to Crestor alone and improved LDL compared to Trilipix alone.  Given the product profile and the size of the overall market, both companies believe Certriad represents a significant sales opportunity.  As I mentioned, we expect FDA approval during the first half of next year.  There are more than 100 million adults in the United States with lipid problems, and prevalence is expected to rise given increasing diabetes and obesity rates.  Approximately 35 million patients currently take lipid medications with fewer than one in three reaching treatment targets for all three key lipid measures. Abbotts lipid product portfolio is uniquely positioned to address the growing need for adjunctive and combination therapies, treatments that help patients achieve recommended lipid goals, and there continues to be significant opportunity for patients to benefit from adjunctive therapies as penetration rates remain low so as we look ahead to the fourth quarter in our worldwide pharmaceutical business, on a reported basis which includes the impact of foreign exchange, we expect sales growth to be in the mid to high single digits including the continued negative impact of generic competition on Depakote sales. Moving on to our nutritionals business where operational sales increased 13% this quarter.  US sales increased more than 4% in the quarter where we are beginning to see strong market share gains in the critical retail sector driven by the launch of numerous new brands, new formulations, and line expression as we have discussed in the past.  In our infant formula business specifically, we continued to leverage superior innovation and hospital and retail execution to hold a commanding share lead over our nearest competitor.  In our adult business, our core brands Ensure and Glucerna reported double-digit growth in the quarter as a result of our successful targeted marketing and promotional campaigns. We also launched a new zone perfect product in the third quarter called  ZonePerfect Indulgence Nutrition Squares.  The remainder of our medical adult nutrition portfolio including our growing specialty nutrition products moved double-digits in the third quarter.  International nutritional sales this quarter increased 22% operationally, driven by 27% growth in pediatric nutritionals and 15% growth in adult nutritionals.  We continue to expand our presence in emerging markets which represents a high-growth opportunity over the long term, so as we look ahead to the fourth quarter in our nutritionals business in the US, we expect to mid-single-digit sales growth.  In our international nutritionals business on a reported basis which includes the impact of foreign exchange, we expect double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. Let me now turn to our diagnostic business where worldwide operational sales in the quarter increased 6%.  In our core laboratory diagnostics segment which includes immunochemistry and hematology, operational sales increased 3.6%.  We are also reducing overall cost in this business, improving efficiencies, and continuing to expand operating margins.  During the quarter, we launched our ARCHITECT c4000 system for low to midsize laboratories.  We also received CE Mark ARCHITECT test that detects NGAL, a protein that is an early indicator for patients at risk for acute kidney injury.  We also recently launched an assay for HIV in our PRISM blood screening system, completing the PRISM infectious test panel.  In both our Point of Care and Molecular Diagnostic businesses, operational sales in the quarter grew double digits. In August, we announced an agreement with Pfizer to develop a molecular test to screen non-small cell lung cancer tumors for the presence of particular genes.  This follows a similar partnership we announced with GSK last quarter.  Both agreements advance our strategy to develop companion diagnostics for personalized medicine, and as Tom mentioned, we acquired IBIS earlier this year which brought us the PLEX-ID molecular diagnostic system.  This technology which had the potential to detect unknown or new disease strains was recently named the overall gold medal winner among 500 entrants in the Wall Street Journal's Technology Innovation awards which has recognized ground breaking innovations over the last decade. So as we look ahead to the fourth quarter in our worldwide diagnostic business on a reported basis which includes the impact of foreign exchange, we expect mid-single digit sales growth.  This includes low single digits sales growth in our core laboratory business and double-digit growth in both Molecular Diagnostics as well as Point of Care. In our other medical products businesses, worldwide operational sales in our diabetes business declined 4%.  While the market has been negatively impacted by the economy, we continue to grow our retail prescription share through expanded consumer outreach and patient education initiatives.  In the fourth quarter in our global diabetes business on a reported basis, we expect sales to be essentially flat compared to the prior year. Let me move on now to the vision care where sales in the quarter were $263 million which was in line with our expectations.  As Tom mentioned in September, we announced the acquisition of Visiogen which will add a late stage accommodating IOL technology called Synchrony to our vision care pipeline.  Synchrony is on the market in Europe, and we expect approval in the US in the second half of next year.  Accommodating IOLs represent the next wave of cataract technology and move more like the eyes natural lens providing a full range of functional vision.  Cataract surgery is one of the most frequently performed surgeries in the world and the leading cause of blindness.  It is expected to steadily grow over the long term with the aging baby boomer population in the US as well as growth in emerging markets. Turning now to our vascular business where worldwide operational sales were $666 million or an increase of 8%.  Last month, as you know, we hosted an investor meeting in webcast at the TCT conference or meeting in San Francisco.  Our vascular senior leadership team updated investors on their business and the pipeline as well as highlighted impressive clinical data for our drug-eluting stent XIENCE V.  The data from SPIRIT III and SPIRIT IV trials as well as the compare trial showed XIENCE significantly outperformed Boston Scientifics TAXUS Express as well as TAXUS Liberte drug-eluting stents on both safety and efficacy endpoints. Statistically superior results were once again achieved on the primary endpoint of SPIRIT IV with a 38% reduction in target lesion failure and our three-year results from SPIRIT III demonstrated that the clinical advantages of XIENCE continued to increase over time compared to TAXUS.  The safety data was even more impressive.  For the first time, we saw statistical difference on safety between XIENCE and TAXUS, with an 80% reduction in stent thrombosis for XIENCE and SPIRIT IV. In addition, SPIRIT III showed an impressive 2% rate of very late stent thrombosis, 0.2% rate, and finally data from the 1800-patient compare trial demonstrated statistically significant better outcomes for XIENCE in key safety and efficacy measures compared to TAXUS Liberte which is Boston Scientific's latest PES offering.  These collective results support XIENCE best in class reputation.  As you would expect, our sales and marketing organization is sharing this new data with their interventional cardiologist customers.  We expect to maximize this good news to drive additional market share gains for the XIENCE platform both in the US and in the international markets over the next six months, and regarding US market share, XIENCE remains the number one drug-eluting stent with initial third-quarter market share in the high 20s, and preliminary September monthly market share data suggest that XIENCE only share increased several share points since August. Initial third-quarter data shows the XIENCE platform which includes both XIENCE and PROMUS accounts for more than half the total US market.  The share data is starting to show the impact of the data presented at TCT although it's early, and we would expect both XIENCE and XIENCE platform share increase as we exit the year in the fourth quarter. The US DES market dynamics remain very positive.  PCI volume is up in the low single digits, increased in the low single digits year-over-year as reported by third party data sources and confirmed by our own internal data.  US DES penetration is approximately 75% and that is an increase of four percentage points year-over-year.  Sales performance was driven by the continued success of our drug-eluting stent XIENCE as well as the international launch of our next generation product XIENCE PRIME, and global DES franchise sales which includes XIENCE as well as other third party DES product revenues for more than $330 million in the third quarter, an increase of approximately 10%. Early physician feedback for XIENCE PRIME has been outstanding as we continue to expand international markets.  XIENCE PRIME uses the same step material, cobalt chromium, well-studied drug, Everolimus, and proven biocompatible polymer as our market leading XIENCE V.  In addition, it offers a novel stent design and modified delivery system for greater flexibility and improved deliverability.  It is available in a broad size matrix including long lengths. Were also expanding in the new geographies.  In the third quarter, XIENCE was approved in China as well as Canada.  China is the second largest DES market in the Asia Pacific region where PCI volumes are growing double digits.  We expect an early 2010 launch in Japan as we said before which is more than half billion dollar total DES market, so as we look ahead to the fourth quarter for Abbott Vascular, we expect reported sales to increase mid single digits. Most importantly, we continue to see significant operating margin expansion in this business, and as we stated in our TCT investor meeting, we expect mid to high single digit topline growth and double-digit bottom-line growth for Abbott Vascular over the five-year long-range plan for that business. Finally in our vascular pipeline, we are working on more than 10 coronary technologies over the next five years making it one of the most robust pipelines we believe in the industry.  Our new technologies include new devices such as the ultra thin metallic DES, our XIENCE NANO small-vessel DES in the US, next-generation balloons, as well as our bioabsorbable drug-eluting stent program.  Were several years away from any competitor in the bioabsorbable DES space, and will have 3-year data from our first cohort at AHA in November. Also as Tom noted, we announced the Evalve acquisition in the third quarter which gives Abbott the leadership position in mitral valves structural heart repair and another late stage pipeline technology.  Structural heart is one of the fastest growing sectors in cardiovascular disease.  Evalves minimally invasive MitraClip device treats mitral regurgitation which is approximately four times more prevalent than aortic disease and is currently treated through open heart surgery alone.  The MitraClip is on the market in Europe and we expect it to be approved in the US sometime in 2011, so in summary, you're obviously very pleased with our strong operational performance here in the third quarter, our ability to raise our EPS outlook for the full year and with the strategic actions we have taken to enhance our long-term growth. Abbott Vascular will leverage the compelling data on XIENCE to continue to drive DES share gains while executing on the leading vascular pipelines in the industry, and our acquisitions of Evalve and Visiogen add two competitive late stage pipeline technologies in large and growing markets for the future, and finally the acquisition of Solvay as Tom mentioned diversifies the sources of our pharmaceutical growth and expands our presence in high-growth emerging markets.  At the same time, it accelerates our R&D investment and is highly accretive to Abbotts ongoing EPS beginning next year. In short, we believe we are well positioned for sustainable long-term growth, and with that, we will be glad to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions).  Our first question today is from Frederick Wise - Leerink Swann, LLC.
Frederick Wise: Excellent quarter.  Just trying to understand a little better, gross margin, if you could start with that, tell me if I understand your 58% guidance now for the full year, wasnt that 58.5% before, youve never given fourth quarter gross margin before, does this imply a little more caution?  Maybe you could help us understand some of the moving pieces there
Thomas C. Freyman: Theres only one significant moving piece in that, really how much currency has changed since we talked on the second quarter call.  As you recall the way were positioned internationally, as the dollar weakens while it helps the topline and certainly theres some profit impact because of the mix effect from the countries it puts a little pressure on the ratio and on top of that when it moves very rapidly there are lags between the immediate impact of topline and as it moves through the earnings statement through the gross margin; so, between the two thats probably costing us about half a point this year on the gross margin just because of the exchange; thats really whats changed since the last time we talked.
Frederick Wise: On Humira, the third quarter US growth was 21%; the fourth quarter youve got a tough competition; can Humira grow double digits in the fourth quarter given that competition and given the environment, and maybe you could talk a little bit about how youre thinking about or what kind of competitive impact that youre seeing and expect from J&J Symphony and Stelara which was just launched in psoriasis?
Miles D. White: I think if you look at our full-year guidance of 18% to 20% reported and 28% to 30% on an operational basis globally, we did raise that and that would imply double digit growth in the fourth quarter; we can break it out specifically but clearly it reflects strong growth internationally in excess of 20% and continued strong double digit growth; in the US it imply roughly low double digit type growth; so, were still very confident in Humira, the projections for the full year, the projections for the fourth quarter.  I would remind you though as we discussed earlier in the year we have not factored in any aggressive buying patterns from wholesalers in the fourth quarter, so were being a little conservative on that front; so, could there be upside to some of that thats possible but we think we factored that in appropriately.  On competition, really its been going as expected for the new competitive entrance and our story on Humira continues to be one of very strong efficacy and safety as you know.  The 5-year radiographic progression that we have on the label as I mentioned in my comments will be presenting 8-year radiographic progression data at ACR.  Of course weve got physical function and major clinical response data and over 12 years of total clinical data.  So, we feel very comfortable with the competitive position of Humira, the products that are coming new to the market as weve discussed in the past, our fifth, sixth, seventh products to market that really dont offer any significant clinical advantages versus Humira standard of care.  So, we feel very good about it.  Theyre progressing along in a modest rate if you look at the total scripts for these new entrants.  So, we factored that into the modeling, we factored that into our guidance, and really there hasnt been anything thats changed since the launch that would change our outlook in any way.
Frederick Wise: And just a last quick broad question for Tom; given the moving target on healthcare reform, whats your latest thoughts about the potential impact on that from whether its the Baucus tax or just whats happening in Washington?
Thomas C. Freyman: It is still a moving target; I mean there was a positive step obviously yesterday but I think the way we were thinking about it; there are ways to go here and until we see what really comes out of conferencing and all the steps that have to happen, its very hard to figure out exactly what were dealing with; that said, we would definitely be contingency planning for different scenarios and factoring into our thinking and planning as we work our way towards 2010.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan.
Michael Weinstein: Let me follow up on the Solvay acquisition then I want to turn to some pipeline questions; part of what appealed Solvay is that its giving you this R&D capacity which you wouldnt have had just with Abbott to move some of your phase 1, 2 programs forward; you talked about it, an incremental 50 basis points of cumulative added R&D spend with Solvay in the fold, can you just highlight programs you think that you will accelerate as now that Solvay got pulled into the company you have this incremental spending that you wouldnt have before, would it be the Alzheimers program, would it be one of the oncology programs?
John B. Thomas: I think its a little premature for us to do that; probably when we close the deal well be in a better position to provide some updates.  There are a number of interesting late stage and early stage platforms that Solvay has in their pipeline.  It does afford us the opportunity and we can talk more about them in terms of broadly investing in some of our programs in oncology, in Alzheimers, in HCV and immunology; we can talk a little bit about that later; I think overall there are some good programs there, there are some interesting things, were still testing all of it and determining next steps as we work to integrate the deal.
Thomas C. Freyman: And as Miles talked about on the call, it gives us many options including if theres an external opportunity that is equally interesting or more interesting than any of the others, were open to that as well; so, were going to be working through all of those alternatives as we work our way towards closing the deal.  As John said, I think we can give a lot more granularity to that in a few months.
John B. Thomas: We talked about this on the call with Miles when we announced the deal, they do have some interesting things for Parkinsons and neuropathic pain that is associated with shingles, theres a partner company involved in some work on gabapentin ER, so theres a number of different things there and well be assessing all those.  On our pipeline, we talked in general about some of the oncology, neuroscience, HCV, immunology compounds in that pipeline, and I think youll see more of that next year; in fact, we expect three compounds in late stage or advanced clinical studies in oncology alone next year as we move some of those earlier stage programs along.
Michael Weinstein: John, I wanted to ask you some pipeline questions in terms of when you guys think youll provide updates and two of them would be on the pending acquisitions of Visiogen and  Evalve; youve seen the Visiogen data, but when do you think well see that data, when you think youll disclose the Evalve pivotal data once you have that data in-house and then I think the one form of pipeline product that we could see in the first half of next year would be the metastatic breast cancer trial for ABT869, do you think that will make in time for ASCCA?
John B. Thomas: Youre right, Evalve has got some interesting data, theres been some registry data thats already been presented on Evalve that was interesting.  I dont have specifics yet on when those show, the rest of the data; so, well keep you posted on that front as well as regulatory timelines and whats going to happen with the Everest II data.  So, we havent seen it yet, its blinded, the trial has not been as you noted; probably some time in 2010, well have that and then we can show that to you at that time.  What was your other question?
Michael Weinstein: The Visiogen data which you do have and then ABT869, I think thats from the oncology pipeline, that would be the first one when we get the stage II data from.
John B. Thomas: Yes, were moving that into phase 3 as we talked about and I mentioned thats one of the three compounds that will be in phase 3.  I dont have any specifics yet on where well present data next year, but as we get towards the end of the year and probably on the fourth quarter call, we might have a better stance of where we might present that data.
Operator: Our next question is from Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs, Co.
Jami Rubin: Just a couple of points of clarification, Tom, you had stated that you expected the Solvay accretion next year to be $0.10 and I am assuming that you are aware of first call consensus of 412, so, can I assume that you are implicitly comfortable with the consensus estimate next year of 412 given your comment about $0.10 accretion on top of underlying earnings.  And my second question relates to the companys priorities with respect to cash; youre obviously generating in terms of cash flow youve been extremely busy this year with business development activities, but how important is debt reduction and share buy-backs relative to continued business development activities going forward?
Thomas C. Freyman: Taking your first question, it sounds almost like Id be giving guidance if I answered it directly and its certainly premature for 2010 guidance, and I guess Id reiterate what weve been saying all along and when to draw your conclusions; we continue to target double digit EPS growth year in and year out as a baseline and when we announced Solvay, we said that the $0.10 was additive to anything that we would be targeting.  So, thats about as far as Im going to go in terms of 2010 EPS forecasting at this point.  Typically, we provide specifics by the fourth quarter call.  On the use of cash, going right down the line of our options, we continue to take a very balanced approach.  We value a strong dividend and solid dividend growth, and if you look at our record, its been outstanding in that regard for years and decades.  Share repurchases are steady program for us, we like to buy shares year in and year out and I think its a good way to increase returns to shareholders and certainly debt reduction to the extent we have additional cash flow and there are not strategic opportunities, wed be interested in doing a degree of that to the extent it presents to us, but I think given the strong cash flow of the company and as evidenced by the fact that with the Solvay acquisition we are acquiring it without taking on additional debt, were in a great position to manage a very strong position in a lot of different ways.
Jami Rubin: And Tom lastly, are we correct in assuming that there was approximately $100 million in stocking in the fourth quarter last year in US Humira sales?
Thomas C. Freyman: The advanced buying was probably somewhat more than that and again when that occurred in the fourth quarter, the anticipation for Humira was that the fourth quarter growth rates will continue into 2009, and as you know in the first quarter that shift did not happen; so, there was a number of at least that amount in the quarter and then probably a little bit more.
Operator: Our next question is from Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets
Glenn Novarro: I wanted to follow up on Jamis question because next year youre saying that Solvay adds $0.10 to EPS, but youve also done in the backend of this year Evalve and Visiogen which I suspect are dilutive transactions, so were all going to be in the next couple of months trying to model 2010, but should we assume that $0.10 of accretion from Solvay is somewhat offset by dilution from Evalve and Visiogen?  Thats question one.
Thomas C. Freyman: No, I think youre getting a little too scientific there; when we announced Evalve and Visiogen within the R&D priorities of the company, we were able to absorb those deals in without changing our thinking about earnings growth or guidance, so I dont think that should impact your thinking, and what I said to Jami is pretty much the way you should interpret that Solvay be.
Glenn Novarro: Okay, thank you for clarifying.  Secondly, Tom, can you give us some thought on the companys tax rate going forward and the reason Im asking that is that we were all a month ago at Baxters Analyst Meeting, they had told that their tax rate which is close to where you guys are this year is going to go up meaningfully over the next 5 years, so may be just some thoughts about your tax planning and maybe where the Abbott tax rate will go over the next couple of years?
Thomas C. Freyman: I cannot speak for other companies; certainly I think Ive been reading lately and it sounds theres good reason to think that policy makers are hearing some of the implications of raising corporate taxes and some of the proposals that were floated earlier in the year do not seem to be getting much attraction, so I think thats good news for anyone worried about corporate tax rates going forward; they way were structured and given the products, their growth rates, etc., and based upon where the various products are located, I am not in a similar position; I dont see our tax rate going up going forward, and I would think with the news that has been coming out recently, I feel pretty good about our ability to sustain our tax position.
Operator: Our next question is from Bruce Nudell - UBS.
Bruce Nudell: A couple of fenofibrate questions and then one on Humira.  Clearly, you have good expectations from Certriad; is there any way you can quantify that in terms of bigger than a bread basket which is in the context of how much it would add to the fenofibrate franchise as you see it, and also, is your thinking still that Trilipix will coexist with TriCor for the long haul?
Miles D. White: Yes, on Certriad we are as I mentioned very optimistic about this product for a number of different reasons, so is AstraZeneca; because we have a partner, we need agreement on before we give out an official peak-year sales forecast for the product, but I think its fair to say that given the size of the cholesterol market which as you know is over $20 billion and the attributes of these products, Crestor and Trilipix from the data that we have, and the fact that there are two companies involved who are splitting the proceeds, if you will, it will have to be a significant product of at least a billion dollar peak potential if not more than that to make it worth our efforts if you will.  So, I think its safe to say it falls in that category, but weve not given a specific peak-year forecast.  Regarding Trilipix and TriCor; yes, as we said before our expectation is that we continue to provide both products and market both products for the foreseeable future until further notice.
Bruce Nudell: My followup question on Humira is really general and qualitative; its performance ex-US is pretty remarkable.  It is bigger than it is in the US, its growth rate is extremely high on an operational basis.  Could you just give us some qualitative color as to what explains its performance ex-US, either by geography or market dynamics that may be somewhat different than that as in the United States?
Miles D. White: I think its a credit to our marketing organization and maybe Tom can add to it, but we have an outstanding international pharmaceutical marketing organization that will take advantage of products like Humira that have outstanding superior clinical data and I think thats the difference, and we have been able to show to payers in countries outside the US that there are downstream cost benefits to treating patients and stopping disease progression, which is, let us not forget what these products are all about and what theyre supposed to do, which is what differentiates Humira from virtually every other product is its ability to inhibit joint destruction which is so critical to patients and these are insidious life-threatening diseases.  So, we have been able to show that.  Payers have been good about that in terms of understanding the economic benefits.  So, were growing very strongly in markets like Europe where market growth is by itself about 20%.  We have been growing two times the rate of both Enbrel and Remicade.  We have the number one market share position in double-digit countries outside the US.  There is significant room for further market growth and expansion as there is a large pool of patients that are still yet untreated and should be and could be treated.  The penetration rates both in the US and particularly ex-US is significantly lower than I think what some people have expected or estimated.  So, there is a lot of room for opportunity there.  We have a good look into next year.  We feel very confident about the growth of the product internationally as we go into next year.  We know what the payer scenarios are in the major countries.  We have always done a good job of working with those payers and there is nothing new there that would suggest or put us off a trajectory that would say this product can grow strong double digits next year.
Operator: Our next question is from Derrick Sung - Sanford Bernstein.
Derrick Sung: So it looks like the Humira scripts for last month came in this morning and showed Humira at about 14% which I think is probably the lower in the year and it looks like there has been a bit of a trend down in script growth, the TRxs from IMS.  Can you speak to what youre seeing there, is that representative, and what you think is going on; is that the competition coming in or whats happening there?
Miles D. White: Lets keep this on proper context.  IMS has had its challenges as you know.  So, this is clearly not a perfect science.  Their data has been somewhat unreliable and they have acknowledged that with a number of re-statements and other things that have gone on there.  So, you have got to take that with a little bit of a grain of salt in terms of the overall performance of the product.  We have our own information that we collect as weve talked about before, sell out directly to customers that we track, and that is all obviously factored into not only our performance this quarter which was about 50 million above what most analysts expected, but also our outlook for the rest of the year and going into next year.  Clearly, the underlying trends are still strong for the product.  The TRx growth is good, its probably higher than what that suggests, and then there are other things going on there too that you have to be careful of like holidays, Labor Day holidays this year compared to last year that creates some fluctuations in the data, but everything weve seen that we get it looks like Humira continues to grow strongly in the US and were confident and obviously weve factored that into our thinking when we gave the raised number for the year.
Derrick Sung: By your count are you seeing a trend down in the growth through your numbers as well or are your numbers showing growth constant or even possibly up?
Miles D. White: Our data suggests that the product is growing in the mid-to-high teens on a TRx level; so higher than what was suggested by IMS this morning.
Derrick Sung: Moving to TriCor/Trilipix; we saw that the quarter looked a little weak this quarter, you mentioned a temporary reduction in pricing due to a number of factors; can you go into that a little bit more detail and how do you give us confidence that that is temporary and how much did that affect sales this quarter?
Miles D. White: There was this temporary effect on net pricing because what happened there basically is we went out with a purposeful program there to help patients through a patient assistance program and we more or less bridged them to the point where we had enough managed care access there.  They could get traditional managed care coverage which is where were at now.  We have very good managed care coverage with Trilipix, significant presence in good chair positions.  So, that strategy worked.  Obviously the script data, if you look at the script data, it is growing in the mid-to-high single digits ahead of the overall cholesterol market and certainly ahead of the absolute dollar amount that was this quarter.  So we do think it was temporary and our expectations for the fourth quarter are more in line with the script data.
Derrick Sung: One last one for Tom; in terms of cost controls in SG&A, we saw a pretty marked impressive improvement this quarter, I think a 190 basis points over last quarter in SG&A reduction.  How sustainable is that moving into 2010 and how much more room is there to cut further?
Thomas C. Freyman: Its a steady target for us to leverage SG&A.  We did ramp it quite a bit prior to 09 as we launched products and build infrastructure to businesses, but focusing more on the non-value added areas, the more administrative type costs, IT, and those types of things, were very very focused and there is no reason for a lot of those costs to grow; they should be flat to down and we got a number of programs within the company to keep those costs down, and so we would expect sales to continue to grow faster than those costs in particular and continue leverage going forward.  It is again a little premature to quantify that for 10 but we will be talking about that in the fourth quarter call.
Operator: Our next question is from Catherine Arnold - Credit Suisse.
Catherine Arnold: I wanted to follow up with the conversation we were just having about TriCor/Trilipix, if I could, and then more broadly ask you about the evolution of rebating and out-of-pocket costs.  In terms of the comment on the script growth, thats clear and we see the progress there in terms of Trilipix, but what I am wondering is if you have a program in terms of reducing the cost and rebating it, I would assume it would be hand in glove with that, the implied price that you are getting per prescription for TriCor/Trilipix, how does that increase next quarter or subsequent quarters given that usually those programs, once you provide the rebates, its hard to get them back, and maybe thats a mix of what youre going to tell me on patient assistance versus rebate; so that would be helpful in terms of modeling the price per prescription.  Then, just jutting back the big picture, could you talk about the rebating environment and out-of-pocket cost on assistance programs for Humira and the rest of the portfolio; how have you seen these trends evolve year to date; what do you expect to happen over the next 12 months?
Miles D. White: I would say that we havent really seen any major changes in our rebating; I know one of our competitors talked about that; nothing different than what our standard practice would be.  So, thats not really what the dynamic was, that was the play here.  It was much more about patient assistance programs, cards that we distribute like we did with Humira to help patients who are in need economically and we had a lot of those cards go out and the use of those cards was better than we expected frankly.  As we work through that and now those patients get more traditional coverage on managed care, we do think thats a temporary effect.  So, I wouldnt say that there is any real change in rebating even though that is what was implied by one of our competitors.
Catherine Arnold: Are you with that; youre taking deductions from gross sales to net versus your SG&A lines?  I am talking about the credit cost for patients to help them.
Miles D. White: Thats exactly right.
Catherine Arnold: Then in the TNF space is there anything different happening than the rest of the portfolio?
Miles D. White: No, we have talked about that earlier in the year and pretty much the same as we talked about before.  Really no change there.
Operator: Our final question is from Sara Michelmore - Cowen & Co.
Sara Michelmore: Two thoughts; one, John, I appreciate you going through the penetration rates for the various indications for Humira; is there anyway you can give us a little bit more color in terms of the growth rate of the drug in each of those indications; it would be helpful just in terms of visibility in trying to forecast it going forward if we understand whats going on in each of those three areas?
John B. Thomas: I think what I can give you is penetration rates for those; global penetration for rheumatology is in the low 20s, global penetration for dermatology is in the mid single digits, and global penetration for gastro indications in the mid-to-high teens right now.  I dont have indication break-up by growth; we dont typically do it that way.
Sara Michelmore: Then a question for Tom; as I look out to the model next year, one of the biggest dynamics I see is that its one of the first years in a while that you guys havent had a major small molecule generic challenge; just curious if theres anyway to quantify the hit that youve taken this year in Depakote and what should we be thinking about in terms of gross margin line in terms of that coming on?
Thomas C. Freyman: Obviously with a billion-dollar-plus product in the generic small molecule there, it has been a very significant percentage impact.  I dont have the exact number in front of me, but it has been a real drag all year and it does mask I think some good mix shift in the rest of the business.  Again, we expect continued steady gross margin expansion and until we really roll up all the budgets to see the pieces, with exchange being such a volatile dynamic, I am just afraid its premature to give you an idea until we get to that fourth quarter call.
Miles D. White: Sara, I would note as you guys can see through your modeling in the quarters as they accumulate that year-to-date, Depakote is down about $760 million from 2008 and thats obviously a product that has margins above the corporate profile; is that fair to say Tom?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, thats accurate.
John B. Thomas: That concludes our call today.  A replay of this call will be available after 11 oclock Central Standard Time on our Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com, and after 11 am Central via telephone at 203-369-3011; the confirmation code for that is 7609413.  The audio replay will be available until 4 pm Central on Wednesday, October 28, 2009.  Thank you all for joining us.  If you have any questions, please give me or my staff a call.  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and that concludes todays conference.  You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Abbott's second quarter 2009 earnings conference call.  All participants will be able to listen-only until the question and answer portion of this call.  (Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded by Abbott.  With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question and answer session, the entire call including the question and answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott.  It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations.
John B. Thomas: Good morning and thanks for joining us.  Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer.  Tom will review the details of our financial results for the quarter and the outlook for the year.  I will then discuss the highlights of our major diversified businesses.  Following our comments, as always, we will take any questions that you have. Some statements made today may be forward-looking.  Abbot cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements.  Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, and are incorporated by reference.  We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as we have done in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance.  These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which are available on our website at www.abbott.com.  In addition, we will include operational sales results today as we did in the first quarter which are given on a constant currency basis, i.e., excluding foreign exchange, and of course, you can find all of that in our earnings news release. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas C. Freyman: Good morning.  Today we are pleased to report second quarter ongoing earnings per share of $0.89, at the high end of our guidance range of $0.87 to $0.89.  We are also confirming our 2009 EPS guidance range reflecting double digit EPS growth and issuing our third quarter outlook, the midpoint of which reflects EPS growth of nearly 13%.  This is particularly strong growth given the negative impact from generic Depakote this year and the global economic environment. Regarding sales this quarter, operational growth, i.e., before exchange was 10.5% reflecting strong growth in our global vascular, international pharmaceuticals, and US nutritional businesses.  Exchange was unfavorable 8%.  So, on a reported basis, sales increased 2.5%.  Recall that our international businesses report sales on a one-month lag, so our exchange impact reflects year-over-year currency changes for the three months ended, May 31st.  This is the largest negative impact on exchange we have experienced in a single quarter in many years. Excluding the negative effect of the decline in Depakote sales from generic competition of more than 4%, operational sales growth was 14.6%.  Depakote negatively impacted global pharmaceutical growth by more than 7% and US pharmaceutical growth by nearly 15%. The adjusted gross margin ratio in the quarter was 59.2%.  This reflects an improvement of 80 basis points from the prior year.  This was driven by improved performance of the nutritional and diagnostic businesses and a favorable impact on the ratio from foreign exchange.  This improvement occurred despite the negative impact from lower Depakote sales. Regarding spending levels in the quarter, both SG&A and R&D were in line with our forecast.  R&D on an ongoing basis and excluding impact of exchange increased nearly 6% reflecting continued investment in our pipeline including programs in vascular and biologics as well as neuroscience, oncology, and HCV. SG&A expense was 26.5% of sales reflecting our 2009 expectation of significant SG&A leverage.  On an ongoing basis, excluding the impact of exchange, SG&A increased nearly 5%.  Non-op income was $13 million, somewhat below our forecast.  This line primarily reflects payments from Takeda related to our previous joint venture.  It can also include other non-op items.  In the quarter, we had some modest non-recurring offsets from Takeda and somewhat lower sales related payments.  We expect this to normalize to the $50 to $60 million range over the third and fourth quarters. Tax rate in the quarter was 17.8%, in line with our previous guidance. As I mentioned earlier, today we are confirming our 2009 earnings per share guidance of $3.65 to $3.70 reflecting double digit growth over 2008.  Regarding the 2009 sales outlook for the full year, we expect low to mid single digit growth on a reported basis including the incremental sales from AMO. Our sales forecast for the full year includes an estimated negative impact from foreign exchange of somewhat more than 5% based on year-to-date performance and current exchange rates.  As a result, we expect operational sales growth for the full year excluding exchange in the high single digits.  We are forecasting a full year gross margin ratio of approximately 58.5% for 2009. As I mentioned, we expect to deliver significant SG&A leverage in 2009 with SG&A as a percentage of sales somewhat above 26% for the full year, which would reflect a reduction of more than 100 basis points this year.  We continue to forecast R&D as a percentage of sales for the full year of approximately 9%. Regarding other aspects of our 2009 outlook, we expect other income to approach $300 million related primarily to the conclusion of the TAP joint venture and were forecasting net interest expense of roughly $400 million including financing cost associated with the AMO transaction.  As a result, when you look at the overall P&L for 2009, we expect further improvement in our operating margin ratio as well as our net margin ratio. As we look at the third quarter, for the first time were providing third quarter ongoing earnings per share guidance of $0.88 to $0.90.  The midpoint of this range reflects nearly 13% EPS growth.  Also in the third quarter, were forecasting low to mid single digit sales growth on a reported basis.  This includes an estimated negative impact on exchange of approximately 6%.  So, on an operational basis, which excludes exchange, sales growth would be in the high single digits.  We expect an ongoing gross margin ratio of 57% to 57.5% in the third quarter which is consistent with the gross margin ratio in the third quarter of 2008 despite the impact of Depakote. Other income again primarily related to our previous TAP joint venture as forecast at around $60 million in the third quarter and the tax rate is expected to be between 17.5% and 18%. Overall, were pleased with our second quarter performance and our ability to forecast another year of double digit EPS growth in 2009 including double digit EPS growth in the third quarter.  We remain well positioned with our diversified mix of global businesses where we achieved market share gains in several of our leading growth franchises this quarter. With that, let me turn it over to John for the business operating highlights.
John B. Thomas: This morning, I will review the performance of our major business segments; pharmaceuticals, medical products, and nutritionals.  Ill focus primarily on operational sales which are given on a constant currency basis as I mentioned excluding the impact of foreign exchange.  Our news release also contains a review of results for sales on both a reported and operational basis. Let me begin with our pharmaceutical business where worldwide operational sales increased more than 11% excluding the impact of Depakote.  In our immunology business, global Humira operational sales were up nearly 33% to more than $1.3 billion.  This was driven by very strong international operational sales growth of 44% and more than 20% growth in our US business, in line with underlying demand.  US Humira sales were $635 million, ahead of expectations. We continue to grow faster than self-injectable anti-TNF market as reflected in this mornings monthly prescription data which shows an accelerating TRx and NRx growth for Humira.  In Crohns, Humira US prescription share is approaching 45%, and were pleased with our performance in the dermatology market where Humira total US prescription share now exceeds 35%, a gain of more than 20 share points since the psoriasis approval.  In Western Europe, earlier this year, we surpassed Enbrel, and now hold the No. 1 share position in the total biologics market.  Strong double digit market growth continues in each of the major European countries. While weve seen several new competitors launch into the market this year, we havent seen much of an impact given Humiras impressive profile in what continues to be an efficacy driven market.  Our success across therapeutic indications is driven by Humiras best-in-class profile and growing body of differentiating clinical data.  During the quarter, we presented data in EULAR showing that more than half of patients with early rheumatoid arthritis treated with Humira plus methotrexate showed no further joint damage at 5 years. Successful RA treatment depends on early diagnosis and aggressive treatment to prevent joint damage, and these data serve as further evidence that receiving the right treatment early yields the best outcomes. The Humira product label includes 5-year radiographic progression data for established RA patients which demonstrate that Humira not only treats the symptoms but stops joint damage from getting worse.  Humira is the only biologic with its proven long-term radiographic inhibition data in both patients with established and early RA.  This is particularly important in todays efficacy driven market significantly differentiating Humira from other products. We also presented data at the Digestive Disease Week or DDW meeting which continues to demonstrate that Humira improves symptoms, induces and maintains remission, and reduces the need for steroids in Crohns disease.  The gastroenterology segment continues to represent a significant opportunity for Humira.  Beyond Crohns disease, phase III studies of Humira in ulcerative colitis and pediatric Crohns disease are ongoing.  We plan to file regulatory applications for both indications next year. Humira continues to represent a steady growth driver for Abbott in the coming years, and there continues to be room for additional patients to benefit as penetration in this overall market remains low. So, based on the performance of Humira in the second quarter, we are very comfortable with our previous full year outlook for global Humira reported sales growth of 15% to 20% which includes the impact of exchange and operational sales growth of 25% to 30% excluding the negative impact of exchange. Moving on to our lipid franchise, Niaspan sales were $208 million, up nearly 7%.  TriCor Trilipix franchise sales were $336 million and that was up more than 9%.  Both Niaspan and Trilipix continue to outperform the total cholesterol market which is growing in about the 4.5% range. Were pleased with the results of the launch of Trilipix, our next generation fibrate and the first and only fibrate approved for combination use with statins.  Prescription trends indicate continued strong acceptance of this product.  Growth of new patients has resulted in total market share gains for the overall franchise. During the quarter and ahead of expectations, Abbott and AstraZeneca announced the FDA regulatory filing for Certriad, the fixed-dose combination of Trilipix and Crestor.  Certriad provides comprehensive lipid management targeting all three lipids, HDL, LDL, and triglycerides, all in a single pill.  The filing for Certriad is supported by data from multiple studies of Trilipix in combination with the most commonly prescribed doses of Crestor 5, 10, and 20 mg in large controlled clinical trials.  In these studies, combination therapy improved HDL and triglycerides compared to Crestor alone, and improved LDL compared to Trilipix alone. Abbott and AstraZeneca also announced an expanded partnership agreement to include AstraZenecas co-promotion of Trilipix in the United States.  As a reminder, Abbott began co-promoting Crestor in 2008.  Both agreements strategically positioned Abbott and AZ sales forces for the future approval of Certriad. Also during the quarter, at the American Diabetes Association meeting, Abbott presented data demonstrating Trilipix in combination with Crestor helped patients with mixed dyslipidemia and type 2 diabetes meet ADA lipid targets.  The analysis of two large clinical trials show combination therapy helped up to three times more patients reach all three key lipid targets than the predetermined monotherapy.  Approximately 100 million US adults have dyslipidemia; of these, approximately 34 million have mixed dyslipidemia, a combination of two or more lipid abnormalities.  Prevalence is expected to arise given increasing diabetes and obesity rates. Abbotts product portfolio is uniquely positioned to address the growing need for adjunctive and combination therapies, treatments that help patients achieve recommended lipid goals, and there continues to be significant opportunity for patients to benefit from adjunctive therapies as penetration rates remain low.  So, as we look ahead for the third quarter in our lipid franchise including Trilipix and Niaspan, we expect double digit growth. So moving on now to some other products within our pharmaceutical business, Synthroid is on track this year to deliver more than $400 million in total US sales.  Global Kaletra sales were $343 million including nearly 14% operational international growth.  Global Lupron sales were close to $200 million for the quarter and we expect approximately $800 million in total global Lupron sales in 2009. Briefly, before we move to the performance of our medical products businesses, let me cover a few highlights from our pipeline.  As I mentioned, Humira continues in phase III development for indications for UC and pediatric Crohns disease, and we expect US and EMEA regulatory filings next year.  Also in late stage development in our immunology pipeline is ABT874 which is our anti-IL1223 biologic.  Were completing our phase III pivotal trials in psoriasis and planning for a global regulatory submission next year.  We also continue phase II development in Crohns disease. In oncology, we have three compounds in phase II development; our multi-targeted kinase inhibitor ABT869, our PARP-inhibitor ABT888, and our Bcl-2 inhibitor ABT263.  During the quarter, we presented data on ABT263 and ABT869 at the American Society of Clinical Oncology or ASCO meeting showcasing our progress in this area.  Both compounds were discovered by Abbotts scientists and are being co-developed by Abbott and Roche formerly Genentech, and we now expect to initiate pivotal studies of ABT869 later this year. We also have three hepatitis C compounds in human clinical trials including both polymerase and protease inhibitors.  Abbott is the only company with these two classes of compounds in development with the potential to have the best HCV drug cocktail in the market in the coming years.  These compounds have the potential to shorten treatment duration, improve tolerability, and increase cure rates. We have numerous programs in early clinical development including compounds to address Alzheimers disease, schizophrenia and pain, as well as small molecule compounds for the treatment of several autoimmune diseases. So, in summary, in our worldwide pharmaceutical business, as we look ahead to the third quarter, we expect sales growth to be flat on a reported basis which includes the continued impact of generic competition on Depakote sales as well as the negative impact of foreign exchange.  Excluding foreign exchange, we expect operational sales growth in worldwide pharmaceuticals in the mid single digits. Now, let me move on to our medical products and our vascular business where worldwide operational sales were $658 million in the second quarter or up more than 40%.  Sales were driven by the continued success of our drug-eluting stent Xience V.  Global DES franchise sales which include Xience as well as other third party DES product revenues were approximately $330 million in the quarter.  In the Europe last month, we received CE mark for Xience Prime, our next generation drug-eluting stent.  Xience V market share in Europe is now in the high 20s, and with Xience Prime now proved, wed expect to see our market share position continue to steadily improve. Xience Prime will be available in a broad-size matrix including sizes for small vessels and long lesions up to 38 mm.  Xience prime uses the same flow study drug and proven bio-compatible polymer as our market leading Xience V stent.  In addition, it offers a novel stent design and modified design for greater flexibility and improved deliverability.  Xience Prime uses cobalt chromium technology which allows for very thin struts while maintaining strength to support the vessel and excellent visibility under x-ray during a stent implantation procedure.  Its also based upon the proven design of the multi-link family of stents which is the most widely used stent platform in the world and has been used in more than 2 million implants worldwide. We recently made the first shipments of Xience Prime to select accounts and received a very positive feedback from several of the key opinion leaders who have implanted Prime.  Theyre clearly impressed with the deliverability of the platform particularly in challenging cases. Last month, we also began enrollment in our US clinical trial for Xience Prime that is called Spirit Prime.  This trial will build on the body of clinical evidence that supports Xience V through our Spirit family of clinical trials.  We expect to launch Xience Prime in the US in the first half of 2012.  Were continuing to promote our 3-year Spirit II trial results which demonstrated the clinical advantages of Xience continued to increase over Boston Scientific Taxus Express and Taxus Liberte stents between 2 and 3 years. Were also continuing to execute on our strategy to drive Xience platform share which as you know includes both Xience as well as Boston Scientifics Promus.  This has resulted in second quarter total Xience platform share that accounts for more than half of the total US market.  Xience V alone holds share in the high 20s and remains the No. 1 drug-eluting stent. The US DES market dynamics remain very positive with PCI volumes up low single digits, and US DES penetration is in the mid 70s, up nearly 10 percentage points from a year ago. Xience V has clearly established its reputation as the best in class drug-eluting stent based on its superior clinical data as well as its deliverability profile, and with Xience Prime, were taking a significant step forward.  The additional Spirit data presentations weve planned for later this year including three-year Spirit III data and one-year Spirit IV data at TCT will continue to support the reputation of Xience as a market leading, best-in-class drug-eluting stent. We also look forward to launching Xience in several additional countries over the next year including China, Canada, and Japan.  Behind Xience V and Xience Prime, we continue to advance several new products through development.  So, let me briefly walk you through some of the more significant opportunities in vascular. As I mentioned, we expect a fourth quarter approval and an early 2010 launch for Xience V in Japan.  Japan is a more than $500 million DES market that had consistently high DES penetration rates and a preference for very low loss and highly deliverable platforms.  Another addition to our DES portfolio is called Xience Nano.  This small vessel 2.25 mm stent is on the market in Europe and its in development in the US. Were also working on a number of coronary products including a next generation bare metal stent, a frontline and high pressure balloon and new guidewires, and were launching multiple new products this year.  In fact, our next generation balloon Voyager NC continues to perform very well in the US, growing share by more than 50% in the non-compliance balloon segments since its launch earlier this year. And finally, we have the most advanced bio-absorbable drug-eluting stent in the industry with the opportunity to reach the market potentially years ahead of the competition.  Were actively enrolling patients in the next phase of our absorbed clinical program.  Abbott is the only company with long-term clinical data evaluating the safety and performance of this next generation technology and were pleased with our continued progress in this area. So, as we look ahead into the third quarter for Abbott vascular, we expect sales to be up low single digits on a year-over-year basis reflecting the impact of foreign exchange.  Most importantly, we continue to drive considerable operating margin expansion in this business for the full year as weve discussed in the past. Now, let me turn to our diagnostic business where worldwide operational sales increased about 4% in the second quarter.  In our core laboratory diagnostic segment which includes immunochemistry and hematology, operational sales were up in the low single digits this quarter.  Prism as well as Architect sales were up double digits worldwide as menu expansion helped to drive growth in our large installed instrument base.  At next weeks AACC meeting, well launch our new Architect C4000 and CI4100 instruments worldwide.  Designed to meet the needs of small and mid sized laboratories, these analyzers will complete our Architect family.  Pre-launch feedback from customers around the world has been exceptional and we anticipate quick acceptance of these new Architect systems. Also during the quarter we continued efforts in our core diagnostic business to reduce overall costs, improve efficiencies, and expand operating margins. In our point-of-care business, operational sales grew double digits in the quarter driven by strong cartridge sales.  In molecular diagnostics, operational sales also increased strong double digits.  In the quarter, Abbott advanced key molecular diagnostics programs showcasing our cutting edge science and disease monitoring and personalized medicine.  For example, the Ibis T5000 was instrumental in identifying the H1N1 virus through collaboration with the Naval Health Research Center in San Diego.  Abbotts M2000 instrument in real-time PCR HIV1 assay were recently recommended by leading HIV/AIDS researchers to be the standard system for NIH sponsored HIV/AIDS clinical trials. Earlier this week, we also expanded our work in pharmacogenomics and announced an agreement with Glaxo SmithKline to develop a companion diagnostic for its non-small cell lung cancer therapy currently in phase III clinical trials.  These examples demonstrate Abbotts dedication in anticipating disease trends to better develop future molecular diagnostic tests. So, for our worldwide diagnostic business as we look ahead into the third quarter, may anticipate mid single digit decline which includes a negative impact of foreign exchange.  A mid single digit decline is expected in our core laboratory business with double digit growth in molecular diagnostics and high single digit growth in point of care. In our other medical products businesses, worldwide operational sales in our diabetes business increased 2.6% in the quarter.  While the market has been negatively impacted by the economy to some degree, we continue to grow our prescription share.  Weve targeted our efforts to continue to educate patients on the importance of regular glucose testing and we continue to be focused on growing our share.  In the third quarter in our global diabetes business, we expect a low double digit decline in reported sales which includes the negative impact of foreign exchange. Lets move on to our vision care business where sales in the quarter were $265 million.  AMO continues to hold the No. 1 market position refractive with leading share in Excimer technology.  We also hold the No. 2 market position in cataract surgery over gaining share with our Tecnis monofocal and multifocal IOL franchise.  We also hold a No. 3 share position in corneal care. Next, let me cover our global nutritional business where operational sales were up 9.2% in the quarter.  Internationally, operational sales were up 8.4% with pediatric nutritionals up 11.7%.  We launched our next generation Similac and gain products in Mexico with plans to expand at 8 more countries this year.  The new formulations further build upon our scientific heritage focusing on brain, bone, and immunity claims.  We continue to expand our presence in emerging markets as these areas present a growing opportunity for both pediatric and adult nutrition products. In the US nutritional sales increased 10%.  Over the last year, this business has launched a total of more than 25 new brands, new product lines, or new packaging, allowing Abbott to gain significant share across its brands in both pediatric and adult nutritional businesses.  Were now the leader in every category in which we compete.  In our infant formula business where weve grown our share significantly in the last 12 months, were the clear market leader.  In the retail segment, we hold a commanding share lead over the next competitor. As you know, last year we launched our new Similac Advance EarlyShield infant formula which includes a unique blend of nucleotides, probiotics, and antioxidants that support the babys immune system and are closer than ever to breast milk.  This new formulation was introduced in our simple pack, an innovative rip, flip, scoop design package.  The inside and outside innovations of Similac EarlyShield had been very well received by our customers. Our adult business is also performing well.  Weve launched a number of new ad campaigns and were focusing on the science behind our products.  We continue to be share leaders in both our Glucerna and Ensure brands as well as our therapeutic nutritional products which make up a significant portion of our adult nutritional sales. So, as we look ahead into the third quarter on the nutritionals business in the US, we expect mid to high single digit growth and outside the US we expect double digit growth which includes the impact of foreign exchange. So, overall in summary, were very pleased with our strong performance this quarter, our outlook for double digit EPS growth this year and the progress weve made regarding new product flow including the earlier than expected submission for Certriad and the CE mark we received for Xience Prime. And with that operator, we will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions).  Our first question is from Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan.
Michael Weinstein: Let me start with Humira, the June IMS monthly Rxs that were out this morning and the total Rxs were up 28%; my question is with the revenues you showed this morning, do you still think that there was some de-stocking this quarter; actually thought we might see some re-stocking in light of how much product came out of the category in the first quarter because it still would appear to be that your growth is still a little bit below demand trend.
Thomas C. Freyman: I think thats an interesting question and possibly true; as you know, we struggled with the data for a number of months in this whole market in what true demand is; when we looked at inventories at the end of the first quarter, we are very comfortable with where we are at and we continue to be very comfortable at the end of the second quarter.  The question is, was underlying demand in the quarter a little stronger than what our reported sales show; and yes, with the data that came out today, I said thats possible, but as I said earlier, we struggled with this data, I think everyone has in these segments, and I think as the year plays out, well see if thats really true.
John B. Thomas: Id add to that, Mike, that theres been a lot of questions about the IMS data and I think what its demonstrating is that as this market, the self-injectable anti-TNF market in particular shifts from a retail focused to a specialty pharma focused IMS and they acknowledge this with an uphold and they put out on Monday morning is having some challenges sort of capturing the full essence of whats going on in the market; so, its just one data point; I think what wed like to tell people is its interesting its important to track, but its one point in an otherwise strong market and it doesnt really reflect the overall reality, its certainly not a perfect science, and our internal data that we see continues to support the expectations that we put out there that I talked about in my call script about 15% to 20% reported and 25% to 30%, and I think youre seeing that as some of these re-statements come out, we get a little clarity on what the real underlying strength is.
Thomas C. Freyman: But obviously the second quarter does show that the acceleration in the market that we had anticipated and talked about on the first quarter call is happening, and as John said, things are very much in line with our expectations we set back at that point in time and may be going a little better than that.
Michael Weinstein: Tom, youre going to launch Xience Prime in Europe in the third quarter, you already have the approval; do you know if your OEM partner that markets right now Promus is going to market Promus Prime or are they going to wait for their own project approval?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes Mike, its our understanding and I think Boston has been pretty public about that that theyre developing their own Taxus element and Promus element products, and last I heard they had every indication of launching those products in Europe later this year some time; so, it appears that thats part of their strategy, so its probably best to let them answer any specific questions about plans from here.
Michael Weinstein: So, is it your understanding that you will be the only one launching a prime product and it wont be a Promus Prime?
Thomas C. Freyman: That is correct.
Michael Weinstein: And then last question; you announced during the quarter the co-promo on Trilipix, when shall we see that kick into effect and can you give us just some marketing plans between the two companies?
Thomas C. Freyman: We did announce this expanded agreement to co-promote Trilipix in the US with AZ.  Their sales force began detailing that on July 1st; so, its similar to the co-promotion agreement that we had for Crestor that we signed if you recall last July, and I think theyre both reflective of both companies belief that this is a growing market, these are very strong products and strategically position both sales forces well as we prepare for the more important bigger opportunity Certriad which is going to address the modest to severe patient population and we think would do that pretty well.
Operator: Our next question is from Jami Rubin - Goldman Sachs.
Jami Rubin: I just have a couple; Tom, if you could go over again the issues related to other income this quarter which was just $13 million, if you could clarify why there wasnt a TAP payment, what that payment would have been, and also if you could quantify what the non-recurring charges were this quarter; should I assume that it sort of normalized, other income is around $50 million, and based on my math that would be about 2 pennies per share, but if you could add color around that, first.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, as I said, certainly there were payments during the quarter and there was a partial offset, we took some small amount of off-charges associated with some equity securities we had that would partially offset the number in the quarter, and theres always going to be a little noise in this line beyond the TAP payments solely.  We really believe that based upon the sustainable sales pay for the products that is subject to these payments, 50, 60, may be even a little more as a normalized quarterly level, obviously Takeda is in transition with their portfolio with some of their older products nearly end of their lifecycle and theyve got some other products ramping up; so, theres always going to be some noise quarter over quarter, and as I indicated in my remarks, $50 to $60 million over the last two quarter per quarter is more of a normalized level.
Jami Rubin: And just a followup question on Humira, obviously there are new competitors to the marketplace with Simponi and Cimzia, but thus far it seems that those products have had a negligible impact; can you talk about what youre hearing anecdotally; it is also early and typically it takes managed care of 6 months to add these products to their formulary, so, Im just wondering if you could add a little bit more color around what youre seeing there; and then just third question around Humira, international operational sales growth up 44%, how durable is the pricing environment or the reimbursement environment in Europe?
John B. Thomas: To answer your last question first, its very durable.  We continue to see very strong penetration, good growth opportunities, it has not been a significant factor; we understand the government cycles and the payer programs very well and we forecast those out, and as we look into next year, we expect continued strong double-digit growth for Humira internationally; dont see payers as a significant hurdle; I think, they understand the benefits of the product and as we continue to put out more clinical data that shows earlier treatment with the product is important for stopping disease progression and radiographic data and all these things help as we continue to penetrate in what is a very under-penetrated market. With regard to new competition, there have been a couple of new competitors on the market.  I would say that they are tracking in line with our very modest expectations.  You probably see this as well and I am sure you can appreciate that the first 8 to 12 weeks of a products launch pretty much define the long-term success of the product.  So, Id say that both of those products are going as we expected.  In fact, if you look at the one larger product from our competitor in the self-injectable category, Simponi, its I believe, the last I checked, had about 500 TRxs total on a weekly basis and thats been about the same for the last three weeks.  To put that in perspective, there are 61,000 total prescriptions in this market every week.  We have about 26,000 total prescriptions.  The other product, Cimzia; their indication for RA has had negligible impact if any on the market.  So, its going along as we expected, and I think, as we look at Humira, obviously very comfortable with the overall competitive profile, the clinical profile, and as I said in my remarks, its an efficacy driven market and the anecdotal feedback were getting is there is a full appreciation for the fact that Humira efficacy is best in class.
Operator: Our next question is from David Lewis - Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Tom, just a couple of questions here on leverage, and then maybe going back to TAP here for a second; I assume youre still saying that TAP is going to come in close to $300 million for this year; if thats the case and if you think about the sustainable gross margins that you see largely in diagnostics and some other areas, why dont we see upsides in numbers this year if this gross margin holds an TAP returns here in the back half?
Thomas C. Freyman: Obviously, TAP doesnt impact the gross margin line; thats in the non-op category.  As I said, regularly over these calls, over the last few calls and as we forecasted 09, Depakote has been a big wind for us as we go through the year as a profitable pharmaceutical product, and I think the fact that were holding gross margins steady to slightly favorable for the year is a huge testament to the underlying profitability of our growth products and how theyve overcome the Depakote situation.  Obviously, we will have lasted Depakote this year, by the end of the year, and I think we can start seeing a little more of the underlying profitability, the improvements in margins in the diagnostics business continuing leveraging of volumes through vascular and our pharma portfolio, itll start moving that gross margin a little faster the way we all want to see it going.  So, I think the accomplishment this year in light of the headwind is very good.
David Lewis: So if gross margins hold these gains and obviously TAP returns in the back half, you still dont believe there can be an upside of these expectations?
Thomas C. Freyman: What expectations are you talking about?
David Lewis: Earnings expectations?
Thomas C. Freyman: We hold our guidance steady.  Id remind you that the upper end of our guidance is 370; so there is plenty of room to overdeliver midpoints and the types of things we talked about earlier in the year, and I think in this environment at this point in time weve pretty much chosen to keep our powder dry.  Certainly, the possibility of dropping more pennies is there and we also have to look at 2010 and ask ourselves if we really want to set ourselves up to continue to drive the momentum we saw in this quarter.  If you look at what happened in the pharma business this quarter compared to the angst in the first quarter, it was really a return to normal, and so, I feel really good about our momentum, not only with Humira, but with all the products, and carrying that momentum into 2010 is something were going to have to think about as we look at the earnings power of the company and what we want to do with that.
David Lewis: A related question heading into 2010; as we think about your operational growth of 10.5%, which is effectively one of the highest in healthcare, still driving earnings growth in line with that top line; as earnings or top lines, I think, as it decelerates heading into 2010, how confident are you in an ability to still deliver 10% to 12% earnings growth?
Thomas C. Freyman: I dont know what youre talking about, about the top line decelerating.  First of all, weve never provided any forecast of that at all.  As a matter of fact I think on our last quarters call, Miles talked about sustainable growth of our top line of upper single to low double.  We feel very good about our ability to maintain sales growth.  If youre touching on 2010, what I would say about that obviously its six months from our typical time of providing guidance, its very very early, and there are a lot of things going on, but we always target double-digit growth as a baseline and that continues to be what were going to be doing as we go into 2010, and I think were going to have a very healthy top line to support it.
David Lewis: John, just one quick question and Ill jump back in queue, just on AMO specifically; can you just talk about trends in that business, whether you see a relative stabilization or whether that business is tracking in line with plan?
John B. Thomas: Its definitely tracking in line with our model.  Remember when we announced the deal, we took a conservative stance on this business given the economy and the fact that LASIK is a big part of their business and we know that LASIK is affected by peoples decisions around something like that, and people are trying to save and so forth.  So, Id say its going as we thought, it is to some degree a smaller business, but it is a wild card if you will on the economy.  When the economy starts to improve, would expect that in particular LASIK procedures would pick up and that would be a strength for us going forward.  So, Id say in line.  Cataract continues to do well; its a mid high single-digit type grower.  The solutions business is a mid single-digit type grower.  As I mentioned, once the economy starts to turn, LASIK is clearly a double-digit grower and obviously has the largest installed base.
Operator: Our next question is from Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn Novarro: When I think about two issues that we get pushed on the most, obviously its Humira, and I think you put that issue to rest today with an excellent Humira quarter.  The other tends to be the tax rates.  I am just wondering what your views are on what the government may do with international earnings.  It seems like from what J&J was saying that that issue was put to rest, but I just want to get your thoughts on that, Tom.
Thomas C. Freyman: There was a lot of noise on this, earlier in the year there was a proposal floated, but things have gone very very quiet in the last month or so, last 6 weeks.  Obviously there is a lot more focus on healthcare reform and I think thats what everyone is talking about.  To me its encouraging that more and more it seems like any proposals in this area are not going to be used as a pay for healthcare reform, and that if any thing changes, it will probably push more in 2010 and be more in a comprehensive approach to the tax policy which is obviously a wise thing to do.  Its very unclear where that would ever lead.  So, I agree with the comments made yesterday; this seems to have gone to the backburner and the fact that its not being linked to healthcare, I think, is a positive.
Glenn Novarro: So when I think about the tax rate for 2010 and beyond; were modeling the tax rate moving up a bit from about 18% to maybe 19%; thats realistic, we shouldnt expect any major uptick over the coming years?
Thomas C. Freyman: Even on the tax reform proposals that were floated earlier, they were talking about implementation starting in 2011.  So, even if there were changes, I dont think 2010 would be inconsistent with the trends weve had.
Glenn Novarro: Just quickly across the tape very early this morning, there was some M&A speculation regarding Sylvan, Abbott was mentioned in that.  I am wondering if you can provide some comments there.
Thomas C. Freyman: As weve said many times before, when we always look at opportunities across our businesses, we just dont comment on rumors or speculations.  I did see the article youre referring to and I guess I can say as I read it that we have no interest in expanding our participation in the fenofibrate market which was implied in that article, because we already have a very strong presence there and an adequate investment.  I guess thats all I can say on the article I saw today.
Glenn Novarro: Just as a followup on the M&A strategy, I think youve been consistent this year saying nothing major on the horizon; is that accurate, and maybe just want to reiterate what your thoughts are on M&A for the rest of this year.
Thomas C. Freyman: Weve always said that we have no interest in mega-mergers; if thats what youre talking about, major.  Weve always done very well with either smaller niche or augmentations of our business-type acquisition or medium-sized deals that are very manageable from a synergies point of view or from an integration point of view that have interesting characteristics, and I think that continues to be our strategy.  Were very comfortable with that, and really consistent with my earlier comment, were always looking at things and theres nothing that I can talk about today, but if anything did come to pass, it would be something that would be strategically beneficial for Abbott if we pursued it.
Operator: Our next question is from Bruce Nudell - UBS.
Bruce Nudell: When we look at the IMS scripts for Humira, clearly the restatement had a big impact on the impression people come away with, but if you just say absolute scripts stay about where they are for the last month or so and no restocking in 4Q which has historically been a strong restocking quarter, you get to like the 14% revenue growth or so for the year, a little under $2.6 billion.  First of all, is restocking in 4Q a thing of the past and also, the one lingering thing thats in the IMS data is NRx trends which had in the past pretty well paralleled TRx trends.  Theyve diverged and theyve gone better with the restatement but they are not quite where the TRx growth rates; could you give any feel for the technical significance for that or is it just remaining under-sampling of NRx given the channels today.
Thomas C. Freyman: Obviously in the fourth quarter of 08 as we talked about in the first quarter call, in the anticipation of continued very strong growth that we saw in the fourth quarter of 08, there was some purchasing of inventories by the trade getting ready for that, and for the fourth quarter was strong.  We do not expect that to recur this year, obviously you wont have that buying that you saw in 08 and so I think youre going to see probably the fourth quarter Humira sales will be below the scripts generated because the comps to the prior year will not be there.  So, I think youre going to see a break in that trend consistent with what you suggested, and John can talk about the NRx data.
John B. Thomas: As I mentioned earlier, I think this shift from retail to specialty pharma where were seeing a growing shift and use of specialty pharma which is good; its good for the product, its good for patients, and that shift has definitely impacted data collection and reporting by services such as IMS.  So, theyre trying to keep up with that.  I would say that theres going to be fluctuations in this data.  The internal tracking data that we use as I mentioned before supports our position of strong continued growth and probably low double-digit to the mid teens type growth in the US on a revenue basis.
Bruce Nudell: With volume being more closely approximated by TRx, is that fair?
John B. Thomas: Yes, TRx has been more reflective of really whats happening and thats been in the low 20s if you look at the new data that came out today, the June monthly data, that was out.  The TRx was actually, as somebody mentioned earlier, was up to 28, and NRx was 16.  We think the overall average there is probably in the low 20s for TRx growth for the quarter and I think thats fair.  Thats probably a pretty accurate assessment.
Bruce Nudell: There was another bit of news that came out that was opaque to the street pertaining to I think Arbiter-6 with Niaspan versus Zetia with a new interval endpoint; everything was on top of statin therapy; do you guys have any insight into what actually happened in that trial and when might those results be disclosed, and do you think its fundamentally important for Niaspan?
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, its not our study.  Its an independent investigator study and what appeared to happen there is in June that independent steering committee for this Arbiter-6 Halt trial stopped the study based on the results of a pre-certified blinded interim analysis.  What they did say is that it wasnt stopped due to any safety concerns; they didnt say anything further than that.  So, we cant really speculate on it since its not our study, but I would tell you there is a pretty significant body of clinical evidence if you look back at some of the previous studies that show the ability of niacin to promote regression of arteriosclerosis.  So, thats encouraging, but we dont know the study results and well find out probably when you do.
Operator: Our next question is from Frederick Wise - Leerink Swann.
Frederick Wise: A couple of vascular and stent questions if I could; Bostons Promus products are possibly set to launch late this year or early next year, but are orders to you for Promus likely to affect second half sales and are you seeing any pullback or would you expect to see any pullback in orders, and just how do you want us to think about the second half as those events possibly approach?
Thomas C. Freyman: Clearly, we forecasted in the numbers we provided today for the likely slowdown in those purchases.  I think John can add a few things here.
John B. Thomas: Were not in a position to comment specifically on the ordering patterns.  I would just say as weve said many times before we have and we will continue to meet the customer demands for Xience V, and well continue to supply our partner here in accordance with the distribution agreement.  So, we have ample supply of Xience to provide them within set ordering pattern parameters.
Frederick Wise: Let me follow up from a different angle; the international stent story seems very dynamic in the near-term with a lot of product launches; Japan, etc., obviously US, the big deal would be 2012, but US vascular business overall in the last three quarters has been about $395 million.  can you give us some perspective on how do we think about that going forward; is it basically static, what are the moving pieces there, and more specifically, drilling down to the US stent number, it was something like $9 million or $10 million sequentially last; are you losing ground on the stent side; is it something else, and maybe what turns that around in the second half or 2010?
John B. Thomas: Were actually pretty pleased with our DES franchise sales.  Theyre in line with what we expect for the quarter and the year.  As you know, there are different components in that including Xience, Promus, and some third-party revenue that we get as a result of Medtronic Endeavor agreement.  As that Medtronic revenue has gone down as their market share has gone down, thats affected it to some degree.  Weve seen Xience go up, weve seen Promus go up; we like that.  I think whats changed there is that in those accounts, in those Boston accounts, where they have strongholds, were encouraging our sales forces, encouraging them that if they cant choose Xience to choose Promus, and so as a result the platform share between Xience and Promus has grown nicely up into the low to mid 50s, and so thats pretty good, and were encouraged by the trends in the market with PCI volume increasing in the low single and DES penetration rates in the mid 70s.  So, we see steady improvement and further execution from our sales force as we continue to promote the good clinical trial results that we just had.  So, were still expecting about a billion dollars in sales this year, and thats right in line with our thinking, and obviously Tom can talk more about this, but the big impact is to the bottom line this year for this division.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, we saw again in this quarter very very strong op margins for vascular which as you know was losing money a couple of years ago and all of that is playing out very nicely that the profit contribution is significantly more than the sales contribution, and we think thats going to continue into 2010.
Frederick Wise: Just a final push on that if I could Tom, do we think of the US business in dollars as roughly flat until we get to the approval in 2012?
Thomas C. Freyman: I wouldnt think that.  Youve got market growth, youve got share opportunities, and youve got other things in the portfolio.  John went through a long list of innovations planned in that vascular area beyond stents.  So, I perceive growth in the US market even before the timeframe you mentioned.
Operator: Our next question is from Sara Michelmore - Cowen & Co.
Sara Michelmore: Let me just go back to the AMO business just to clarify there; is the revenue performance this quarter in line with your expectations and if you could just give us an update now that youve got it under your belt here, plus the quotes for four months plus, what kind of changes or integration progress have you made with that business?
Thomas C. Freyman: Ill just say the sales are right in line with our model expectations; this has been a very straightforward integration.  Weve left the management team intact and the organization is operating independently as most of our medical devices businesses are, and I think the chemistry with the team there and with the Abbott team is very very good.  So, were very pleased with the way its progressing and there have been no surprises.  We have a little more work to do to fully integrate, but that should be completed by the end of this year.
Sara Michelmore: On Trilipix, can we just get an update on the formulary status of that product, whats the progress been and can you just give us the sense of where its tracking relative to your plan this year?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, we continue to make very good progress.  As weve said in the past, our managed care organization does an excellent job of getting on formulary and we would expect that we continue to gain formulary position.  Ill not be able to give you specifics today, but I would say were very well positioned, and were very pleased with how that product has performed with the launch which is going according to expectations and we continue to pick up more TriCor patients that are now taking Trilipix as well as new patients to combination therapy.
Sara Michelmore: On Humira; the last quarter you talked about some of the new marketing programs that you had initiated earlier in the year, some of the patient assistance programs and things like that; could you just give us an update in terms of the progress of those specific marketing programs and what you continued, what you think has been successful or not?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, we did talk about that earlier in the year as we responded to some modest economic pressure that were seeing for higher-cost therapies that other companies are seeing as well with new copay programs and some new efforts to further expand awareness of our patient education initiatives and patient assistance programs through myhumira.com and some other things.  Id say those are going very well.  Clearly, theyre having an impact.  The patients appreciate it and were retaining more patients and also picking up new patients.  So, Id say overall were very pleased.
Sara Michelmore: On Spirit IV; how significant is that trial do you think in terms of the potential post-release market dynamics if that was in fact to be positive; whats your latest view on that?
Thomas C. Freyman: I think theres clearly some attention around that.  Well see at TCT.  By the way, its likely that we will do an analyst meeting at that event.  Well get you details on all that later, but were anticipating the release of Spirit IV as well as Spirit III three-year data.  I think, given that its evaluating as you know a more real-world patient population thats more complex and in some cases up to three lesions with the maximum of two lesions per vessel, some bifurcations and the fact that more than 30% of those patients in that study are diabetics, I think, theres a lot of focus on it and rightly so, well see what the results show, and that could give us an opportunity if its positive to have another advantage against our primary competition.
Operator: Our next question is from Derrick Sung - Sanford Bernstein.
Derrick Sung: A question on the stent market and pricing there; weve heard that at least in the ortho market, hospitals have been getting more aggressive and theyre pushing back and renegotiating contracts, etc.; can you speak to what the pricing environment is in the drug-eluting stent market today?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, Id say were very pleased with our premium price which is still the high end of the market.  There has obviously been some modest downward price in that market, but thats particularly amongst a couple of our competitors and not Xience.  So weve held price very well.  Our average ASP is still the highest in the market and relatively stable based on the market average.  So, we think it deserves the price premium.  Were still doing quite well as you know gaining share.  So, I would say that there are always pockets here and there that people hear about, but nothing overall in terms of overall price.
Derrick Sung: So, youre not seeing a more aggressive stand from the hospitals in terms of their pushback on pricing?
Thomas C. Freyman: Theres a little bit of that obviously.  Theres some economic pressure on hospitals overall, but weve been able to maintain good pricing and very reasonable rates and prices for Xience given its clinical advantages.
Derrick Sung: Let me ask you to dive into a little bit more detail on gross margins.  I think you called out earlier in the call nutritionals and diagnostic systems contributing to the gross margins; can you get a little bit more specific there; in nutritionals, how much of that is commodity prices, and in diagnostics, just specifically, where is that margin coming from, and give us a sense of how sustaining all that would be say when we launch 2009?
Thomas C. Freyman: Diagnostics as you know we undertook a pretty extensive cost reduction initiative in the middle of 08 and were starting to see some of the fruits of that.  Interestingly, were seeing a firmer pricing in diagnostics too, and we talked a little bit about the way weve approached our product portfolio and our offerings.  This was a business that saw steady modest declines in price year over year, and weve been able to firm that up and actually do a little better in price historically.  So, diagnostics; it is really a broad-based approach to improving the profitability of the business; were starting to see some of the benefits of that on the gross margin line and on the op margin line.  Nutritionals; obviously, commodities are much better than they were a year to 18 months ago.  This is a market where weve been, particularly outside the US, when the commodities went up, we were able to pass some of that through in the form of price.  So, thats been a mitigator, and some of that carried forward and allowed us to move the gross margins a little bit better in nutrition.  So, its just basic blocking and tackling, good trends, good cost management, and some degree of pricing.
Derrick Sung: On Humira, internationally, youve been seeing above 40% growth for more than the last few quarter, thats a pretty high growth rate; how sustainable is that; and I know that youve been talking about international penetration being low, but is there something more to it than international penetration; how can you get us comfortable with the sustainability of that.
Thomas C. Freyman: Id say a couple of things.  The execution of our organization outside the US has been outstanding.  A lot of this has been market growth, but a lot of it has been share gain, and I dont think you can diminish that at all.  I think were really good at it and have done a tremendous job in execution on all the indications, and thats been a big part of our success.  As we look at 10, we see continued very strong double-digit growth for Humira.  Its going to be a nice contributor for us outside the US as it will be in the US.  Can you grow 40% to 50% forever; obviously not, but we see 2010 as very very strong.
Operator: Our next question is from Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities.
Larry Biegelsen: Following up on Arbiter-6 Halt, do you guys have any idea when we will see the results and based on your reading of the design paper, do you think it was not stopped for futility?
John B. Thomas: Its not our place to comment on that Larry, and its the investigators responsibility and decision as to where that data may be presented or if its going to be in a major scientific publication, I think youd be better off asking him.  Certainly, there are some big conferences coming up like ACC in the spring and AHA in November.  So, what to see; its his decision.
Larry Biegelsen: On the Humira monthly study that you guys completed, I understand you dont want to say much for competitive reasons, but when could we expect to see that data for the first time; would it just be if the trial was successful and you had enough dated label?
John B. Thomas: I dont have any further information there in terms of timing of when that might happen.  Thats a small study, its interesting, were evaluating it, but theres really not much more to say at this point.
Larry Biegelsen: On the Accord study, do you guys know when that data is going to be presented, and youve commented publicly that you thought it was a poorly designed study; what are you doing to mitigate the risk, do you plan to do a better designed study?
John B. Thomas: Obviously, the Accord study is not our study; its an NIH study, its still in progress, so we cant speculate on results.  I believe, its fairly well known that its expected in early 2010 or late this year.  I would just say that its I think pretty well known in the physician community that the expectations on that study given the trial design and the baseline characteristics of the patient population, that the expectations are modest, and so we continue to talk to clinicians about it.  I dont think, from the ones we talked to, expected to change anybodys treatment practice pattern based on the data thats already existing out there with the benefits of triglycerides and the fact that these are patients that had only moderately elevated borderline normal triglycerides; theyre not your typical patients thats treated which is generally defined as patients who have triglycerides well in excess of 200.  So, its not clear when thatll be out, but I think the expectations are pretty modest and they should be.
Operator: Our final question today is from Catherine Arnold - Credit Suisse.
Catherine Arnold: I just wanted to ask you about Vicodin CR and given the FDA panel, if you could just talk about what you think the process is there in terms of approval and given a change in your view on the opportunity; and then, I wanted to comment on the currency hit to Humira; obviously, the last two quarters youve highlighted that its been more powerful for Humira than the consolidated impact; could you give us any guidance for the back half of the year if we think about currencies staying where it is or using average rates for the second quarter; how we should be thinking about modeling Humira currency impact international sales.
John B. Thomas: I would just tell you were continuing to evaluate next steps on a program path for Vicodin CR.  We have nothing specific to share at this time, but I think the expectations have been dialed back on that program as you know.  We dont have any Vicodin CR sales in our model for this year, and I think, most people have taken it out and we dialed it down, and thats fine.  I would say and youve probably seen there is something posted to clinicaltrials.gov that were developing a modified formulation of Vicodin CR.  Its a phase II study, and so were looking at potentially next steps to bring that program forward.  The CLR that we received last year, were not talking about the details, but I would just say that the previous formulation we had of that Vicodin CR program is no longer in development, but we do have this Meltrex form, and I would consider it a wildcard type R&D program.  As far as the FDA panel on pain products, I think its important to put that in context.  For Abbott, we showed up in some reports on that as if we were selling all of Vicodin.  You probably know, 99% of the market is generic, we dont sell that.  Our branded Vicodin is only $30 million to $40 million per year.
Catherine Arnold: I mean if you can get more forward looking.
John B. Thomas: The panel is really, I would say, its an advisory panel, its not binding; its the agencys call.  I think a ban on these products as it was discussed is probably not going to happen, that seems pretty unlikely.  These are products that have been used safely for decades and a lot of patients need them and trust them and some of these panels sometimes, as you probably know, there was an FDA advisory committee with Darvon, Darvocet, and that committee voted for a ban, but the FDA decided that a stronger warning was more appropriate.  So, perhaps, well see something like that.
Thomas C. Freyman: The Humira question; what should guide here is kind of a country mix issue, and this is similar to what we saw in the first quarter just to give you a few data points.  During the quarter, the euro was about 15% weaker than the prior year, the Sterling was 26% weaker, and in both of those markets Humira is a larger percentage of the sales base than other products; its a very large percent of the sales base; whereas the yen was about 6% stronger in the quarter and its a very small percent there because were still ramping up in Japan.  So, when you run all these mix FX through, thats really why Humira has a bigger exchange impact relative to the average product in our international pharmaceutical business.  I think you can expect that to continue in the third quarter as we talked about roughly 6% across the company is what we would guess the exchange is going to be in the quarter assuming current rates hold.  I think by the fourth quarter we see exchange being pretty flat to slightly negative, and so pretty much that will evolve through by then.
John B. Thomas: That concludes our conference call.  I would say in conclusion that were obviously very pleased with the strong quarter which we believe was ahead of the estimates as of a few days ago at least.  We delivered very strong double-digit operational sales growth.  We confirmed double-digit EPS for the full year.  As Tom mentioned, we continue to target double-digits going into 2010.  We have good momentum in our base businesses.  Humira performance was very strong this quarter.  We look forward to a full year, that is continued strong growth, with that product as well as some of our other major operating businesses, and with that we are going to conclude the call.  A replay will be available after 11 oclock Central Time today on our Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com and after 11 Central via telephone at 402-20-0185, confirmation code 9401.  The audio replay will be available until 4 pm on Wednesday, July 29, 2009.  Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: Thank you.  This concludes todays conference.  Thank you for participating.  You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, I would like to welcome everyone to Abbotts First Quarter 2009 Earnings Call.  (Operator Instructions)  This call is being recorded by Abbott.  With the exception of any participants questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call, including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott.  It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbots express written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President of Investor Relations.
John Thomas: Good morning and thanks for joining us.  Also on todays call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Freyman, Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide his opening remarks and Tom will review the details of our financial results for the quarter and the outlook for the year.  I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses.  Following our comments we will take any questions you have. Some statements made on this call may be forward-looking.  Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbotts operations are discussed in item 1-A, risk factors to our annual report on the Securities and Exchange Commission form 10-K for the year ended December 31. 2008 and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments.  In todays conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbotts ongoing business performance.  These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measures in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today which will be available on our web site at abbott.com. In addition, we will include operational sales results information today which are given on a constant currency basis that is excluding foreign exchange. With that I will now turn the call over to Miles.
Miles White: Thanks John and good morning everyone.  As you can see from our earnings news release this morning Abbotts first quarter results demonstrate that there is tremendous value in a well balanced, highly diverse portfolio of businesses that is capable of top-tier earnings performance in even the most difficult market conditions. Despite a clearly weak US economy, Abbotts fundamentals are strong and so is our commitment to delivering double-digit earnings per share growth, while returning cash to shareholders through city dividend increases and ongoing share repurchase. This quarter our collective businesses delivered mid-teens earnings per share growth.  We also saw strong double-digit operational sales growth in global nutritionals, international pharmaceuticals, and global vascular, which continues to benefit from the steady performance of XIENCE V our best in class and drug-eluting stent. In the first quarter we also delivered significant operating margin expansion in our vascular diagnostic segments:  as a result, we exceeded the midpoint of our EPS guidance range this quarter by $0.03.  We also confirmed our 2009 EPS guidance range of $3.65 to $3.70 reflecting double-digit earnings per share growth this year. There were three particular things in the quarter, one of which was one-time in nature, which impacted our top-line results this quarter, but did not impact our ability to deliver EPS in excess of our forecast.  I will briefly touch on these before Tom and John provide their normal reviews. The first was the impact of foreign exchange rates on our reported sales growth this quarter.  We had originally expected that first quarter currency rates would have a negative impact on reported sales and so our first quarter would be the most difficult quarter of the year in terms of year-over-year comparisons.  As it turned out currency trends were somewhat more unfavorable than our estimates, particularly the non-euro currencies in regions such as Latin America, Eastern Europe, and Asia.  However, we are significantly insulated on our bottom lines in currency fluctuations due to our substantial International operations, as well as our overall mix of product sales which act as a natural hedge.  So, we didnt see any significant impact to earnings in the quarter, just the top line. The second item impacting sales this quarter was the overall weak US economy and the impact that has had on managed care practices and patient behavior.  For example, recent market data indicates that a higher percentage of patients in the US are not refilling their prescriptions.  What is more, a the beginning of each year we typically see adjustments to insurance plans in terms of changes or increase to co-pays, deductibles and out of pocket costs, as well as prior authorization requirements.  We expect some of that each year and we plan for it.  This year the magnitude of these care changes was greater than in previous years.  Together with a weak US economy and changing consumer behavior, this impacted the growth trajectories in certain business segments more than we would have otherwise anticipated. The third, but related item, impacting sales this quarter was the effect of US wholesalers reducing purchases as they too adjusted to the weakening economy and slower than expected market demand in some segments.  We had not anticipated the full magnitude of this effect in our original planning for the quarter, including HUMIRA, which I will discuss in a moment. Given these unique dynamics our US pharmaceuticals team has adjusted its commercial approach on a number of levels, refining our marketing mix to more directly address this changing patient behavior. We are now focusing additional attention on programs that we know will directly benefit eligible patients, those who need assistance in this economy affording their co-pays and out of pocket costs.  We have done that by expanding our existing patient assistance programs.  At the same time we are seeing a continued shift toward the use of specialty pharmacies for products such as HUMIRA. Specialty pharmacies are patient focused services within large pharmacy benefit managers.  These services actively engage patients on many levels and help to increase patient adherence to therapies, so that is a good thing for patients, and it is a good thing for our business longer term. Specialty pharmacies also tightly manage their inventories and tend to operate using more of a just in time model.  As a results of these changing dynamics, our US pharmaceuticals was below our expectations for the quarter, including HUMIRA, as Tom will discuss in a moment.  However, we think customers across our pharmaceutical distribution channel are now better aligned with current demand trajectories making this more of a one-time transitional quarter. As we look ahead, underlying patient demand in the US for our key growth drivers remain strong, including trends for HUMIRA which continues to grow significantly faster than the anti T&F market.  In fact, this morning we noted that the latest March monthly prescription data indicates that HUMIRA total prescription growth has accelerated to 24% from Februarys 19% with an improvement in new prescriptions as well. Outside the US HUMIRA operational sales grew nearly 50% this quarter reflecting continued strong double-digit demand internationally.  Globally, HUMIRA ranks as the fastest growing pharmaceutical product among the industries top 15 global products, just ahead of Avastin.  It is growing twice the rate of competitors across the world and is the leading anti T&F product in Europe recently surpassing Enbrel in patient share. A large part of our success is due to HUMIRAs robust clinical profile which we are adding to this year with additional data.  HUMIRA remains a significant component of our growth story, that hasnt changed.  We continue to expect HUMIRA to grow strong double-digits over the next several years. For this year, we have updated our expectations to reflect these trends.  We expect global HUMIRA operational sales growth of 25% to 30%, excluding the negative impact of exchange, and reported sales growth of 15% to 20% which includes the impact of exchange. This updated forecast for HUMIRA is captured in our guidance for double-digit EPS growth for 2009, which is the same as our original guidance. Back in January when we issued our 2009 guidance, we did so with a high degree of confidence in our overall planning assumptions.  It was difficult to predict the degree of impact the weak US economy would have on our US business; however, we planned conservatively so that we could absorb any impact. As we move through the course of the year we will make adjustments to spending; however, our spending levels will remain strong and at a level that will support the continued long-term growth of our businesses.  Tom will walk you through the details of that in a moment. HUMIRAs one leg of growth in our overall portfolio of growth businesses, and its certainly an important one, but it is also important not to let it over shadow the balance of our other businesses.  Last year our collective mix of diverse growth businesses delivered outstanding results.  We reported total sales of nearly $30 billion; EPS growth in the mid-teems; record operating cash flow and we returned more than $2 billion in cash to shareholders in the form of double-digit dividend increases and share repurchases.  We are on track for a similar level of performance in 2009. Abbott is broadly diverse in many ways, operationally, financially, geographically and as you listen to our remarks today and look through our earnings news release you will see that come through.  Over the years we refined and reshaped our business portfolio through strategic acquisitions, divestitures, restructuring spin offs and alliances.  Today we have one of the best mixes of healthcare businesses in the industry.  Abbotts current portfolio of businesses is strong, it is highly diverse, and its growth prospects are outstanding.  I continue to be very optimistic about our future as we continue to target sustainable double-digit EPS growth. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom and I will be here for Q&A.
Tom Freyman: Thanks Miles.  I will now take a few minutes to walk through our results for the first quarter and our outlook for 2009. Abbott delivered ongoing earnings per share of $0.73 for the first quarter, up almost 16% and $0.03 above the mid-point of our previous guidance range. We achieved this strong growth despite the dynamics Miles mentioned and the impact of generic Depakote entrance and we are confirming our 2009 EPS guidance. Regarding sales operational growth in the quarter, which is before exchange, was 5.4% reflecting particularly strong growth in our global nutritionals, global vascular, and international pharmaceuticals businesses.  Exchange was unfavorable 6.1% somewhat more unfavorable than our previous forecast so, on a recorded basis, sales declined slightly. Excluding the negative effect of the decline in Depakote sales from the generic competition, up 3 percentage points, operational sales growth in the quarter was 8.9%.  Generic competition began for the ER version of Depakote this quarter and the immediate release version in the third quarter of 2008.  Depakote negatively impacted global pharmaceutical sales growth by 6 percentage points and US pharmaceuticals sales growth by more than 13 percentage points. US pharmaceutical sales were approximately $150 million below our expectations for the quarter due to somewhat slower than expected market growth in certain segments including injectable anti-T&Fs and a related reduction in customer purchases.  HUMIRA accounted for somewhat more than half of the $150 million. The adjusted gross margin ratio in the quarter was in line with our expectations at 58.1%.  This reflects an improvement of 130 basis points from the prior year.  This was driven primarily by improved performance of the vascular and diagnostics businesses. Regarding spending levels in the quarter, both SG&A and R&D expense as a percentage of sales were in line with our forecast.  R&D expense was 9.5% of sales reflecting continued investment in our pipeline including programs in vascular and biologics as well as neuroscience, oncology, and HCV.  On an ongoing basis, excluding the impact of exchange, R&D increased nearly 5%. SG&A expense was under 29% of sales, a decline from the prior year, reflecting our 2009 expectation of SG&A leverage.  On an ongoing basis, a gain excluding the impact of exchange, SG&A increased nearly 2%. Regarding the Other Income line of the P&L in the first quarter, our reported results included the derecognition of contingent liabilities associated with the conclusion of the TAP joint venture last year.  The $800 million favorable pre-tax P&L impact of this was excluded from ongoing results.  So, on an ongoing basis, that is, excluding this gain, other income was $155 million which was in line with our previous forecasts.  The tax rate for ongoing operations in the quarter of 17.8% is in line with our previous guidance. As Miles mentioned, today we confirmed our 2009 earnings per share guidance of $3.65 to $3.70 reflecting double-digit growth over 2008.  Our sales forecast includes an estimated negative impact from foreign exchange of around 6.5% for the full year based on year-to-date and current exchange rates.  This is unfavorable by more than a full percentage point compared to our original outlook for the year. We expect operational sales growth, excluding this exchange, in the high single-digits and low single-digit growth on a reported basis for the full year including the incremental sales from AMO. We continue to forecast a modest improvement in the full year gross margin ratio over 2008 with a ratio somewhat above 58.5% for 2009. As I mentioned, we expect to deliver significant SG&A leverage in 2009 with SG&A as a percentage of sales of roughly 26% for the full year, which will be a reduction of more than 100 basis points this year.  The SG&A ratio on the first half of the year is forecast to be higher than the full year average and in the second half we expect a greater SG&A leverage with the ratio below the full year average. We are forecasting R&D as a percentage of sales for the full year of approximately 9%. Regarding other aspects of our 2009 outlook, we continue to expect other income of approximately $300 million related to the conclusion of the TAP joint venture and were forecasting net interest expense of $350 to $400 million including financing costs associated with the AMO transaction. We continue to project a 2009 tax rate of 17.5% to 18%.  As a result, when you look at the overall T&L for 2009 we expect further improvement in our operating margin ratio, as well as our net margin ratio.  Again, our vascular business will be a significant contributor. Now lets turn to our quarterly outlook for the remainder of 2009. For the first time we are providing second quarter ongoing earnings per share guidance of $0.87 to $0.89.  This second quarter guidance reflects EPS growth in line with the forecast we provided on the fourth quarter call in January.  You may recall that there is a high level of TAP related income in the second quarter of 2008 thats impacting the growth comparison. Were forecasting low singe digit sales growth in the second quarter on a reported basis.  This includes an estimated negative impact from exchange approaching 9%, so on an operational basis that is excluding exchange sales growth will be in the low double-digits.  We expect an ongoing gross margin ratio of around 58.5% in the second quarter. Other income, again related to our previous TAP joint venture, is forecast at around $50 million in the second quarter and the tax rate is expected to be in line with our full year guidance of 17.5% to 18%. For the third and fourth quarters we continue to forecast low double-digit EPS growth.  In the third quarter were forecasting low single-digit sales growth on a reported basis impacted by nearly 8% negative exchange. For the fourth quarter we expect reported sales growth in the mid single-digits as the negative impact of exchange moderates.  So for both quarters we are forecasting operational sales growth in the high single-digits. Overall we remain well positioned with our diversified mix of global businesses as we continue to forecast another year of double-digit EPS growth in 2009. With that, let me turn it over to John for the business operating highlights.
John Thomas: Thanks Tom.  This morning I will review the performance of our major business segments, medical products, pharmaceuticals, and nutritionals.  I will focus primarily on operational sales, which are given on a constant currency basis, as I mentioned before, that is excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Let me start with our medical products and our vascular business where worldwide operational sales were $645 million in the first quarter and that was up more than 45%.  Sales were driven by the continued success of our drug-eluting stent XIENCE V.  Global DES franchise sales, which include XIENCE as well as other third-party DES product revenues, were more than $330 million in the quarter; more than triple the first quarter sales of last year. In Europe XIENCE market share was in the mid to high 20s and weve been gaining approximately two share points each quarter.  In the US XIENCE market share remains steady in the high 20s.  Total XIENCE platform, which includes PROMUS, has captured about half of the market. Market dynamics remain positive as US PTI volumes are growing in the single digits.  US DES penetration has steadily risen over the last five quarters and is approximately 75%, up more than 2 percentage points versus the fourth quarter 2008 and 10 percentage points year-over-year. XIENCE has clearly established its reputation as the best drug-eluding stent in the class based on its superior clinical data as well as best in class deliverability profile. At the American College of Cardiology medical meeting in March we presented three-year data from our XIENCE clinical trial SPIRIT II results demonstrated that the clinical advantages of XIENCE continue to increase over Boston Scientifics TAXUS Express2 and TAXUS Liberte stents between two and three years. XCIENCE maintained a low rate of cardiac death, a low single-digit MACE rate of 6.4% and had no additional stent thrombosis.  The observed cardiac death rate for TAXUS Express2 and TAXUS Liberte was about 3x higher, between two and three years and the MACE rate increased by 40% to about 15%. The additional SPIRIT data presentations we have planned for this year will continue to support the reputation of XIENCE as a market-leading, best in class drug eluding stent. We also look forward to launching XIENCE in several additional countries over the next year including China, Canada and Japan, where we continue to expect a fourth quarter 2009 approval and an early 10 launch. Behind XIENCE V we have a robust vascular pipeline which I will briefly review at the end of all of my remarks. For the second quarter our Abbott vascular, we expect sales to grow strong double-digits lead by continued success of XIENCE V and, more importantly, this growth is driving significant operating margin expansion in this business segment. Now let me turn to our diagnostic business where worldwide operational sales were up 6% in the quarter with more than 5% growth in the US and 6% operational growth internationally. In our core laboratory diagnostics segment, which includes immunochemistry and hematology, operational sales were up more than 4% this quarter.  PRISM as well as ARCHITECT sales were up strong double-digits worldwide as menu expansion helped to drive growth in our large installed instrument base. In the US we launched CELL-DYN Emerald in the quarter, our new hematology instrument, for small to mid-sized labs.  We also continue our efforts to improve profitability in the core diagnostics business reducing overall costs, improving efficiencies and expanding operating margins.  We have seen customer demand transition to our newer architect platforms and we expect this, along with initiatives, to roughly double profit and cash flow over the next several years in this division. In our point of care business operational sales this quarter grew double-digits.  In molecular diagnostics operational sales also increased double-digits, and in February we presented data confirming our Real-Time PCR Viral Load Test is state of the art for measuring variant strains of the virus. So for our worldwide diagnostic businesses in the second quarter, we anticipate reported sales to decline in the high single-digits, which includes the negative impact of foreign exchange.  This includes a double-digit decline in laboratory diagnostics, which is in line with our expectations given that the vast majority of this business is international, and we focused this business for, as I said, more profitable growth.  In addition, we expect double-digit growth in molecular diagnostics in the second quarter and mid single-digit growth in point of care. In our other medical products businesses worldwide operational sales in our diabetes were down mid single-digits this quarter.  In the US we have successfully grown prescription share offset by a double-digit decline in the US market due to economic pressures.  We target our efforts to continue to educate patients on the importance of regular glucose testing.  Outside of the US we continue to grow share faster than the market. In the second quarter, in our global diabetes business, we expect low to mid single-digit decline in reported sales, which includes the negative impact of foreign exchange. Let me move on quickly to our new vision care business.  We completed the acquisition of Advance Medical Optics on February 25, as you know.  AMO has been renamed Abbott Medical Optics and has transitioned very smoothly into the Abbott organization.  This new business enhances and strengthens Abbotts diverse mix of medical device businesses and gives us a leadership position in the large and growing vision care market.  This includes the number two market position in cataract surgery where AMO recently launched its new Tecnis multifocal intraocular lens in the US.  It has performed well in International markets and we would expect similar performance here in the US. AMO holds the number one market position in refractive surgery or LASIK.  Subsequent to closing the acquisition AMO achieved a major contract win with LCA Vision; expanding AMOs install base and reflecting the continuity of the business within Abbott. Given that we closed AMO at the end of February, we reported one month of US sales in the quarter only and no International sales in accordance with our accounting principles. I will now move on to pharmaceuticals where worldwide operational sales were up slightly in the quarter impacted by the expected decline of Depakote sales, as Tom  mentioned, as a result of generic competition.  Excluding the impact of Depakote, worldwide operational pharmaceutical sales increased 7%. In our immunology business global HUMIRA operational sales were up nearly 28% including strong International operational sales growth of nearly 50%.  Outside of the US, as Miles mentioned, HUMIRA continues to perform exceptionally well.  It shares the number one position in RA in Western Europe and in Canada with close to 40% of the market.  There continues to be significant room for continued biologic penetration in International markets where penetration rates are in the single to low double-digits in certain countries. While currency has had a more unfavorable impact on reported growth than we had originally anticipated, operational sales growth for HUMIRA in International markets is tracking in line with our outlook for the year. In the US HUMIRA prescription growth has continued at a strong rate, outpacing the market.  Total HUMIRA prescription growth in the first quarter was roughly 18% and the latest March data, as Miles indicated, shows 24% in terms of TRX growth.  We are also gaining share across indications.  In Crohns, HUMIRA US prescription share is approaching 45% and weve been pleased with our launch into the psoriasis market where HUMIRA total US prescription share now exceeds 30%. We also have a number of efforts underway to address market growth and increase adherence with our current patients.  In addition to the patient assistance programs mentioned earlier, we are targeting our direct consumer efforts in both RA and psoriasis.  Our psoriasis campaign recently began and has already started to increase patient awareness of HUMIRA and drive incremental share performance. Last month we received FDA approval for our psoriasis starter pack which will help ensure patients initiating HUMIRA therapy are started on the right dose and will help with patient adherence.  We found patients that begin therapy with the appropriate starting dose have better efficacy levels and stay on therapy longer. We continue to be well positioned in this market.  Our success is driven by HUMIRA best in class profile and differentiating clinical data.  HUMIRA is the only biologic with radiographic inhibition data out to five years in patients with both early and established RA.  We also have a number of upcoming data presentations that will add to our already robust body of data including three-year efficacy and safety data in Crohns disease which will be presented at the upcoming Digestive Disease Week meeting in May and well be presenting additional long-term data regarding HUMIRAs ability to stop disease progression at the EULAR meeting in June. So, as Miles discussed, we have captured current market conditions and recent exchange rate trends in our adjusted outlook for HUMIRA. In our lipids franchise, Niaspan and TriCor/TriLipix continue to grow with sales up modestly.  As you recall, we received approval for and began shipping TriLipix in the fourth quarter of last year, which also impacted first quarter sales.  Total prescriptions continue to grow faster than the cholesterol market with Niaspan prescriptions up roughly 10%. Weve been pleased with the early results following in the January launch of TriLipix, our next generation of fenofibrate and the first and only fibrate approved for combination use with statins.  Prescription trends indicate a rapid acceptance of TriLipix.  Growth of new patients has resulted in total market share gains for the overall TriLipix/TriCor franchise.  The indication for combination use with a statin has been an important factor in our early success with new combination use accounting for approximately 30% of TriLipix prescriptions. At the recent ACC meeting, data from a new study of TriLipix used in combination with the lowest available dose of Crestor show that the combination led to greater improvements in all three lipids than the corresponding mono therapy.  TriLipix has now been studied for all of the most commonly prescribed doses of Crestor, 5, 10 and 20 mg in large controlled clinical trials.  In all studies, TriLipix combination therapy improved HDL and triglycerides compared to Crestor alone and improved LDL compared to TriLipix alone. Abbotts product portfolio is uniquely positioned to address the growing need for adjunctive and combination therapies, treatments that outpatients achieve recommended lipid goals and the penetration of adjunctive therapies is still very low. So, for the second quarter in our lipid franchise we expect double-digit growth. Moving on to some of the other products within our pharmaceutical business quickly, regarding Synthroid, US sales in the quarter were $86 million.  We expect more than $400 million in total US Synthroid sales this year. In Lupron global sales in the quarter were $192 million for the quarter.  We expect approximately $800 million in total global Lupron sales in 2009. In summary, in our worldwide pharmaceutical business for the second quarter we expect a low single-digit sales decline which includes the continued impact of generic competition on Depakote sales, as well as the negative impact of foreign exchange. Next let me move on to our global nutritionals business where operational sales were up 10.6% driven by high-teens operational growth in International markets where demand continues to increase for our high quality nutritional products. In pediatric nutritionals performance was especially strong where operational sales outside of the US were up 22%.  Abbott now holds the number one share position in several major markets across Asia and Latin America and in China weve continued to steadily increase our market share.  And, ask we announced earlier this year, we are now manufacturing out of our new nutritional facility in Singapore.  This 500,000 square foot facility addresses the growing need globally demand for our products, including the rapidly expanding Asian markets. In the US nutritional sales increased in the quarter more than 4%.  This was primarily driven by mid single-digit growth in adult nutrition with a strong performance of Glucerna and Ensure as well as our therapeutic nutritional products which make up a significant portion of our adult nutritional sales. As we look at the second quarter in our nutritionals business in the US, we expect mid to high single-digit sales growth and flat sales, approximately, outside the US, which includes the impact of foreign exchange. Finally, let me quickly cover our broad based pipeline.  We launched, as you know, nine new products last year and this year were submitting multiple new drug applications, advancing several new drugs and devices through development, including initiation of pivotal trials for one of our industry leading oncology compounds. Let me walk you through the major opportunities quickly. We expect a fourth quarter approval and a 2010 launch, as I mentioned, for XIENCE in Japan.  Japan is a more than $500 million DES market that has had consistently high DES penetration rates and a preference for [olumus] based platforms.  We also expect to launch our next generation DES called XIENCE PRIME by year-end in Europe. XIENCE PRIME capitalizes on the proven attributes of XIENCE and at the same time improves deliverability, especially in longer lengths and with complex anatomy.  We will begin our US clinical trials for XIENCE PRIME the middle of this year. Another addition to our DES portfolio is Xience Nano(NYSE:TM).  This is a small vessel stent that is on the market in Europe and it is in development here in the US. We are also working on a number of coronary products including a next generation bare metal stent, front line and high-pressure balloons, and new guide wires and were launching multiple new products this year. In pharmaceuticals we now expect to submit our TriLipix-Crestor fixed dose combination product in the third quarter of this year, and that is ahead of our original timeline.  We have now presented all of our data that supports our US regulatory filing. In partnership with SkyePharma we submitted the regulatory application for the combination asthma product Flutiform, also in the first quarter. HUMIRA continues in phase III development for indications of ulcerative colitis and pediatric Crohns disease. Also in late stage development is ABT-874 our anti-IL-12/23 biologic.  Were completing our phase III pivotal trials and are planning for a global regulatory submission of this product next year. In oncology we have three compounds in Phase II development, our multi-targeted kinase inhibitor, our PARP inhibitor, and our Bcl-2 inhibitor. We expect to advance our Bcl-2 inhibitor into pivotal trials this year.  As you may recall, this compound received accolades in the oncology clinical community for its ability to attack cancer in a fundamentally new way, triggering a switch in cancer cells causing them to die. We also have three hepatitis C compounds that are now in human clinical trials.  This includes both HCV prolim rays and protease inhibitors.  Abbott is the only company with these two classes of compounds in development with the potential to have the best HCV drug cocktail on the market in the coming years, if things go well. We have numerous programs, also, in early clinical development, including compounds to address Alzheimers disease, schizophrenia, and pain, as well as small molecule compounds for the treatment of several autoimmune diseases.  And, we have the most advanced bioabsorbable drug-eluting stent in the industry back in DES with the opportunity to reach the market ahead of the competition.  Abbott is the only company with long-term clinical data evaluating the safety and performance of this next generation technology. In summary, despite a weak US economy, Abbott delivered another strong quarter with EPS growth of almost 16%, which was ahead of our original outlook.  We entered the year with a conservative plan so that we could absorb any factors that impact our business and given the diversity of our businesses, we expect to deliver on our double-digit EPS target in 2009. With that we will now open the call, operator, for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Rick Wise from Leerink Swann.
Frederick Wise: Let me start off with a big picture question since we have the pleasure of Miles on the call again.  Miles I am real clear that you all are going to drive low double-digit EPS growth as you leverage expenses, improve mix and margins, and so forth.  I would be curious to hear your thoughts on the right aspirational sales growth and top line growth, ex currency, that we should think about for the next few years.  What do you aim for and do you feel like you have the firepower inside Abbott today to get there? John highlighted the pipeline, but said a little differently, it is a perennial question.  Do you need the M&A?  Do you need to acquire to hit your growth goals?  Thanks.
Miles White: First let me put it in kind of a target perspective.  I think that we have the firepower across the company right now, based on what I see, to do high single-digits plus on the top line.  It is hard to make a call about what this economy means, because we are now seeing, for the first time, the real impact of the current economic downturn, which is severe, arguably, across all industries, impacting healthcare in ways we havent seen in the past.  I think thats new for everybody.  It is not as severe, obviously, in our industry as it is in other, so we can say were not getting hammered per se, were taking a dent here as an industry, but the fact is its a different economic environment than many of us have seen in decades. With that, I would say we have the firepower for the high single-digits plus, which obviously would leverage to double-digits on the bottom line and thats our target.  I just dont know how the overall economy will impact that.  I think we have that firepower anyway.  We have it because of our products and the mix of businesses we have and how acutely patients need the products we have and so forth.  So, I am optimistic and I dont see anything to change that yet. I dont think this quarter, for example, is some kind of harbinger of gee these are the growth rates were going to see in the future.  You have to remember that our entire growth rate this quarter in our whole business was in effect negated by Depakote going generic.  I would argue that there are very, very few companies, I can count two or three tops, that can deliver the quality of this performance, or this kind of performance, in this kind of environment, in this kind of economy, and when a product as large as Depakote goes generic.  So, do we have the firepower?  Yes.  I think we have the firepower. Going to the second part of your question, whether we would need any M&A activity, the answer is no.  We dont need it.  And, were not necessarily looking for any large M&A of any kind.  Im amused by the company X dust up, etc as you might guess, but at the end of the day were looking at opportunities in the M&A field primarily as very opportunistic.  Strategically we know places in our businesses where we would like to add to our business, or enhance our business, but we dont need it to make our goals and so forth, but we are always looking to add strength to the company.  I have said that before.  There is nothing new there.  There is no new position in that or new philosophy in that. Our philosophy regarding any kind of acquisitions or product deals and so forth has not changed.  We dont need large deals to achieve our financial objectives or strategic objectives.  Were not evaluation any large deals.  I have a clear bias towards smaller to mid-sized type things that are quite manageable. At least relative to our size of the game, AMO is an outstanding addition to the company.  I think its an outstanding company, an outstanding business and an outstanding segment, so I think thats just a terrific addition. As there are opportunities that are on strategy for us to add to the company we will certainly evaluate it and we will certainly look at it and I think our M&A track record speaks for itself. Thats a long answer, but I think it answers your question, although I dont feel the need to run out and do a deal to sustain what we have forecasted to shareholders.
Frederick Wise: If I could follow up on that, basically you are saying, Miles, that your goal is to still grow top line upper single-digits and bottom line low double digits.  This year specifically, maybe this question is for Tom, the $365 to $370 guidance unchanged, but Im guessing that with Miles comments, and the companies comments, about the weak economy and now with HUMIRA in the US starting from a lower point there might be a little less up side to that than you might have hoped when you conceived that kind of guidance as you reported the fourth quarter.
Miles White: I am going to take that question away from Tom.  I think its premature to call that.  You know, we beat our mid point of our range this quarter, exceeded it, and we didnt change our guidance because I think after one quarter in this year with some of the things that were all still watching, I think its premature to make a call on that yet.  What I am confident of is based on everything I see were going to make the impact.  I am very confident we are going to be right where we said wed be in terms of our guidance.  Now, I said that last year too and we ended up exceeding by $0.10 for the year.  I dont think this is the same kind of year, but I think we went into this year very confident, with a conservative plan etcso that we could meet investor expectations that we set and do it in a way thats high quality and sets us up well for continued growth in 10 and beyond. So, I think its premature to make the call.  I dont know what the other things that are overhanging this industry are going to turn out to be.  Weve tried to model healthcare reform and all of the potential elements of it like everybody else. We think the timing is late in the year, if there is any at all.  Weve estimated all of that, but I think the prudent thing to say right now is hey look, the company is strong, performance is strong, we need the lap Depakote going generic here we are. Were maintaining that earning growth and I think what investors ought to have confidence in is that were going to deliver the earnings growth we said and were not going to have to do anything extraordinary to do it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Weinstein from J.P. Morgan.
Mike Weinstein: Let me start with HUMIRA.  I probably have a lot of questions here, but let me try and just narrow it down to two areas.  One, I think it would be helpful if you talked about what youre doing to help patients out right now and what programs are new versus existing programs and what impact we should expect. Second, maybe you could help us understand a little bit better, versus what, I think, the street was expecting, HUMIRA sales in the US were about $100 million light.  What is your view of where that $100 million went?  Also, you talked about customers reducing inventories; how much of that was wholesalers, how much of it was impacted by your move to specialty pharmacies.  I would like to know your different thoughts on components of that $100 million shortfall.
Miles White: Let me take a start at that and then Im going to hand it over to John to help me out a little bit here, Mike.  I am not sure we can be terribly precise about that, but we can be directionally correct, I think. Wholesalers manage their inventories to a certain level based on the growth trajectory of a product.  We know that the growth trajectory of HUMIRA was pretty strong here in the US. Actually it is still strong, but relatively speaking, at a higher level on a trajectory basis in October, November, December etc coming out of 08 and inventory levels were appropriate for that kind of growth trajectory.  We also know that it adjusted rather suddenly right at year-end and early in the year, partly because of all the reasons I noted on the call.  The managed care plans changed at that point, the customer starts over again with their co-pays or their deductibles and so forth. We saw that same pattern last year, we just didnt see it to the same degree, but when the growth trajectory of the segment alters then I think its natural for wholesalers and customers to alter as well to that new trajectory. Secondly though, I think there is an extra amplification on it, because we have seen the distribution system of the wholesalers for consumer products, for any number or products out in other industries besides ours, all tighten up in this first quarter, and all take their inventories down and manage their working capital much more efficiently.  In fact there has been a lot printed about that.  I think we see it across a number of businesses here where people are tightening up and trying to be very efficient in cash management and so forth.  So, there is some impact of that, but there is a limit as to how far that can go. Weve got a pretty good feel that our inventories, we have a feel for what they are out there.  Were pretty confident and know that they are less than a month, so there is a limit to how far tightening can go before its just not doable anymore.  We are in a place where we think thats kind of washed out.  Theyve made their adjustment, which is why we view it as kind of a one-time thing.  I think its exacerbated, to some degree, by this notion of specialty pharmacies. We like the role that specialty pharmacy plays.  I would say more than half of the volume now goes through specialty pharmacies.  Thats a good thing, because that makes a big difference in patient adherence and duration of time on the medicine. This is particularly important for an injectable like HUMIRA.  So, we view that as a positive for HUMIRA and that shift we view as a positive, but there is an underlying adjustment that goes with it, that they dont have a typical stocking profile that your standard primary care drug or something has for the wholesalers. As I said, they tend to be more of a just in time type thing, so thats added something to it. Overall, it is the first quarter where you see these adjustments, so I look at that and I look at last years model or thing and I think you know what, we didnt adequately model it ourselves; obviously analysts and investors didnt either, but we look at the underlying strength of the business.  You look at the sellouts from the wholesalers to the pharmacies and so forth and that remains strong.  The underling PRX growth rate, as you have seen, January, February, March, continues to get stronger and stronger again. So I am confident that a lot of the actions that we have taken to adjust, whether it is through specialty pharmacies or our marketing mix, which I will come to in a minute on the co-pays and so forth, they are all going in the right direction here to support the product, support the products underlying growth, its share gain, etc  We can see that week to week in the evidence and its taken awhile for that to manifest itself and I think were quite fortunate that we got this data on March this morning so that you all could see that too and see that what were telling you is actually happening. Now with regard to the mix, weve had a number of patient assistance programs and so forth, but in fact we have had to enhance those.  I would tell you that my view today is that the kinds of things were doing to support patients and their ability to get access to, and/or deal with co-pays and so forth in the insurance system, are better bang for the buck investments for us than certain DTC advertising and other things that would be typical in our industry.  Were seeing the impact of some of that already, but I expect to see more and more as the year progresses. John, do you want to add anything to that?
John Thomas: Yes Mike.  I think as we have talked about before, we have historically offered patients assistance programs to patients in need and those who are eligible.  What we have done here recently is to expand those programs and in fact the end of March we launched a new program that offers really a comprehensive support level for various types of patients who might be trying to make a decision between treatment that could really affect their disease long-term and potentially save their life and other financial obligations.  So, we think weve made that easier for patients in terms of a new level of co-pay assistance. A lot of this stuff is available on a website called myhumira.com.  Patients who go there this will triage them to various programs that we have that are either in existence or expanded to cover people and help people who have insurance or dont have insurance.  Either way we think those things are the right thing for patients.  They are also beneficial, as I mentioned earlier, in terms of longer adherence to therapy, which is also beneficial to patients.
Mike Weinstein: If I could ask Tom one follow up question relating to a couple points in your income guidance.  You reduced your SG&A expectations for the year.  I think you had them guiding to 27%, I think you talked about on the call being 26%.  Some of that is driven by the increased FX impact on the company, but I was hoping you could give us some sense of where you are tightening the belt.  Then the second item you adjusted was your interest expense guidance for the year, which you brought down your interest expense by $50 million.  Is that from lower rates, or are you paying down debt faster?  Could you give us some insight into that?
Tom Freyman: Yes, on the interest basically we are seeing lower short-term interest rates on the debt and we do have some higher cash balances than we expected, so we are earning a little more on that side. The SG&A, certainly we are expecting a degree of tightening here.  It is really less critical areas, more administrative type areas that are not impacting the business in any way long term.  I think in this environment, given what we saw in the first quarter, a little tightening is appropriate and you are right, we will be a little bit lower than the original forecast we had at the beginning of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bruce Nudell from UBS.
Bruce Nudell: I have a question regarding the average size of co-pay that the average patient pays.  Also, how are the co-pays accounted for?  Do they come off the top line of reported numbers, or are they embedded in SG&A or cost of goods somehow?
Miles White: The average co-pays for most patients are $40 to $45 per script so that is essentially [interposing].
Bruce Nudell: Is that for all drugs or?
Miles White: No, for HUMIRA, we are talking about HUMIRA and those programs are an offset to sales.
Bruce Nudell: An offset to sales, so in part was that part of the explanation for the weakness this quarter?
Miles White: Very little in the quarter, there is a little bit of add in.  It is not a dramatic impact, but it will result in somewhat lower sales as we progress through the year.
Bruce Nudell: So as we look forward on that regard, HUMIRA has been taking about five points of price per year for awhile.  Is a way to think about it to just, if these programs persist, to assume that ASP inflation is going to be more moderate than that?
Miles White: Yes, that is an offset to sales.  For the full company we expect low single-digit type impact from price.
Bruce Nudell: Okay and just a more structural question about the markets.  It looked to us that both IBD and psoriasis were the growth drivers for the T&F category in the US last year. Crohns looks decently penetrated; ulcerative colitis is not, but you dont have a label there and psoriasis is always been a tough nut to crack, despite the fact that both categories showed good growth last year for the market and you especially.  Just qualitatively, do you think that those markets are sufficient to sustain a healthy rate of growth for the T&F category in the US and HUMIRA specifically?
Miles White: Yes, Bruce, I will tell you what, we actually do.  I mean, those are not well penetrated markets at all yet.  In fact the penetration, whether it is rheumatology, gastroenterology, or dermatology, it is low, very low in the US and its especially low overseas, so we think there is frankly an enormous amount of penetration and growth potential left in all of those markets to drive continued growth.
Bruce Nudell: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Tom I just have a quick question on Avastin here and two questions on International HUMIRA.  One, the 20% currency rate, or FX effect on HUMIRA versus 12% for pharma, can you talk about that, specifically explaining why you see such a dramatic disconnect.  Secondarily, International inventories we have not talked about yet on this call.  A lot of companies are talking about International weakness; not so much from managed care, obviously, but certainly in destocking and emerging market weakness.  Can we talk about how were not going to see that type of effect in HUMIRA [interposing].
Tom Freyman: We have not seen any of that in International markets in the first quarter.  We have been pretty resilient, particularly in the pharma business, but really everywhere.  So, we as yet have not seen much and were not anticipating a lot.  I think theres a lot more durability as to reimbursement for pharma products in particular that would result in that. I think the reason you are seeing more HUMIRA exchange affect than your average product is its more of a Europe centric business for us.  Our other pharmaceutical businesses tend to be more evenly dispersed across the various countries and so year-over-year, as you know, the euro has moved quite a bit and that is why you are seeing proportionately more impact of exchange on HUMIRA.
David Lewis: Okay that is helpful.  I guess secondarily, and this relates to a question you had before for Miles, but this inventory dynamic is really sort of a wash. The key dynamic is really sort of underlying fundamental demand and in a sense your guidance implies that the next three quarters of the year you are going to average sort of 15% US market growth.  Besides the script data, I wonder if you could point to any data metrics market surveys that kind of give us the comfort that that 15% US growth is achievable or maybe growth higher than that is achievable.
Tom Freyman: Well David, I think the main thing is [interposing]
Miles White: Are we talking all of the business or just the HUMIRA?
Tom Freyman: Yes, HUMIRA, the script data that we mentioned this morning, the underlying quarterly data at about 18%, 19% for TRX is now going up, accelerating to 24% in March. That gives you a pretty good sense of underlying demand in the US that continues to be pretty robust there and obviously outside the US we talked about we continue to grow about 2x the rate of Enbrel and Remicaid outside the US.
Miles White: David, another thing I would add too, I would take you back to some of the dynamics that are unique for the first quarter.  This is when all of the adjustments happen in the insurance plans and so forth.  One of the biggest reasons that we see what weve seen is the co-pays, is the deductibles and so forth.  We tend to get through that in the first quarter.  We saw the pattern last year.  I think were seeing it again this year, just more dramatic.  We have addressed it, so at this point I think the dynamics in the remaining three quarters are not the same and the barriers to the patient are not the same.  In fact they are considerably reduced at that point.  If you look at the sellouts, the script rates, the new script rates and so forth, I think all of that underlying evidence is there to validate what were telling you.
David Lewis: Okay Miles, just a follow up on that point.  Obviously the US pharma was weak, probably in economic sensitivity.  Obviously they are exposed to some of the same managed care and prior auth issues. The reason why HUMIRA is being more adversely affected you think is just the relative growth rate in the inventories, is it a psoriasis issue?
Miles White: No, I will tell you what, lets face it, it is an expensive product.  I think that expensive products like HUMIRA are going to experience that kind of focus more than your less expensive primary care growth.  This is one that gets a lot of inventory attention by a wholesaler.  It gets a lot of attention by the managed care plan.  It gets a lot of attention by the patient, because the patient, I will tell you, is economically very, very sensitive to co-pays and a $5, $10, $20, $25.oo co-pay matters to a patient. Well this is a significantly more costly drug and so I think you see a disproportionate impact on it, to a degree, or at least a greater sensitivity to it.  So, I do think it gets a disproportionate sensitivity, but I think it is because of the kind of drug it is.  Now, it is not an infused drug.  You dont have to go to an infusion suite like a cancer oncology drug and so forth, so the dynamics around it are a little bit different.  I think thats why products like this well see more sensitivity that way than others, but weve seen it.  Im glad the first quarter is done.
David Lewis: Miles, one last question, and I will jump back in queue. So, your HUMIRA growth, obviously, in the US has gone, since youve been cut in half at about three months. But, your view is this is much more transitory or economic and you dont believe this is going to change Abbotts strategic planning as it thinks about its business the next 12 to 24 months?
Miles White: I am definitely not going to change my strategic planning, but I will give you this reaction.  I am sort of a combination of annoyed and amused with the reaction that investors have to HUMIRA.  We look at the growth rate of this product and people are disappointed that somehow 20%, 25% isnt seemingly attractive enough.  This product over the next several years will add several billion more dollars to Abbott Laboratories performance, which is the equivalent of another HUMIRA and the reaction of some analysts and investors to that just boggles my mind.
David Lewis: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn Novarro: I would like to switch the conversation to the other major growth driver, at least viewed by investors, which is XIENCE.  If I heard correctly, in your prepared remarks US XIENCE maintained market share, but did not gain share, is that correct?  Then my follow would be if it didnt gain share is it because of the TAXUS trialing or the endeavor on RX trialing?  Then lastly, because some of that trialing probably ended earlier in the quarter, were the month-to-month trends improving for XIENCE through out the quarter in the US?
Miles White: I think the key there is we are growing internationally.  We grew about two share points quarter-over-quarter where we continue to gain share.  We are the leading DES product by far now in most markets outside the US or we will be soon.  In the US, yes, there is a little bit of impact, as expected, from some of the sampling of products. These are modest size products that had a temporary blip in market share thats coming back down.  XIENCE continues to hold steady in the high 20% range.  The overall market we are seeing a little bit of pricing pressure and I think a competitor talked about this yesterday.  Not in the XIENCE platform, per se, where share and price have been pretty steady, but in some of these other products that have to compete on price and I think this competitor mentioned they had about a 5% reduction in price. So that is having the effect of the flattening, if you will, quarter-to-quarter fourth quarter to first quarter, but with these new products launching the pipeline that I mentioned, we expect that we will continue to see some very steady performance in the US and probably a more rapid growth outside the US.
Glenn Novarro: But to my question, I could see how XIENCE would lose share in the early part of the quarter, as TAXUS Liberte was launched late last year. So, did share dip in January and February and come back in March?  I am just trying to understand why ZIENCE has continued to gain share outside the US, but share [interposing].
Miles White: That is really a result of this sampling that we talked about and the trialing.  That is the main reason why there is some temporary dip in share in January/February, and now it is back up.  We will see what March does, but it has been holding up in the high 20s.
Glenn Novarro: Okay and one thing on pricing.  Who is using price in the marketplace to try to gain share?  Also, what are the dynamics occurring in the labs between PROMUS and XIENCE.  Is there any price competition between the two stents?
Miles White: The price has been pretty healthy.  We have maintained a healthy ASP. Boston has talked about this.  I dont speak for them, but they have maintained price that theyve said many times, there pattern was to adjust that they are not selling it broadly at a discount.  Like I said, I think where you are seeing some of that is certain competitive products like Cypher in certain accounts where they are selling short dated product at a discount.  You would expect that given the data set that we have versus them.  Our data is superior.  It is superior to TAXUS.  We just showed some additional data.  We will have more data coming out throughout the year.  That data has yet to play out into the market place, the ACC SPIRIT II/III data which was very positive and confirmatory in longer term.  You will probably see the results of that in the coming months.
Glenn Novarro: All right thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sara Michelmore from Cowen and Company.
Sara Michelmore: Just one question back on HUMIRA; we talked a little bit about the total prescription trends that it does look like some of the new prescription trends have started to slow.  I am just wondering if you could just give us your thoughts on [interposing].
John Thomas: Actually, Sara, this is John.  If you saw that the March data, which I understand most people havent because it is hot off the press. The TRX growth was 24% was 11% new RX growth.  That is up considerably from the last couple of months.
Sara Michelmore: Okay and if you think about some of the economic sensitivity that youre seeing, can you just discuss that.  Is it really a compliance issue with people that are already on the drug, or are you seeing it also in terms of people getting on those new prescriptions?
John Thomas: It is a combination of both really.  We are disproportionately disadvantaged along with the other self-injectable in terms of co-pays. The IV product doesnt have that same dynamic, so it has been a case, as we talked about, of higher co-pays and those co-pays are up year-over-year in the double digits for most patients.  The prior authorization is part of it, so what used to take two weeks to get a prior authorization is taking four to six weeks.  I think it is a combination of all of those different dynamics.  We are addressing those through the programs that we mentioned.
Sara Michelmore: Okay and can you give us an update on the formulary progress with TriLipix?
John Thomas: It is making steady progress.  Our management team does an excellent job with that.  I will tell you that in the lipid franchise in general, with TriCor, Niaspan weve had very good coverage in the 80%, 85% coverage, and were currently moving up.  It is very early, so it is probably 20%, 30%, in that range right now.  But, we would expect it to get up into that normal lipid range of 85%, 90%.
Sara Michelmore: But it is tracking in line with your expectations?
John Thomas: Yes.
Sara Michelmore: Lastly John, I dont know if you talked about Kaletra in the quarter?  It was a little bit lighter than we expected in the quarter. What is going on there?
John Thomas: Kaletra, we did see a decline there, as we expected.  Particularly in the US where there is more competition.  We saw an adjustment here, a temporary affect of some of its reduced purchasing that happened in a couple of our other products.  Kaletra is one of them.  So, you have that dynamic together with the PI market in the US that is a little bit slower, and some new competition. So, we expect that we will perform better going forward.  Outside the US, obviously, the situation was different and most of that was foreign exchange impact.
Sara Michelmore: Okay thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Catherine Arnold from Credit Suisse.
Catherine Arnold: I know that HUMIRA has been a constant point of conversation and I just need to ask a couple more questions, because I think, obviously, the normalization of expectation here is really everybodys goal here on this call.  So, I apologize for that in advance, but a couple of things.  I wondered if you could comment on the IMS audit, how reliable they are given that there is now a bigger move of HUMIRA through specialty pharmacy and how that impacts it.  Are they on a lower side or the high side versus real demand?  Compared to your comment about 18% for the quarter it seems like they may actually be on the low side relative to what you were seeing.
John Thomas: As you probably know, and most people know, there has been some changes with IMS, some fluctuations and some restatements, so we tend to buy our data directly from specialty pharmacies and as we mentioned specialty pharmacies is becoming a bigger piece of the mix.  It is now over 50% of total HUMIRA sales. So that data is very accurate, so we feel very comfortable with our projections for the full year and the acceleration of the growth.  I would say IMS has been a little bit up and down, but overall I think that the current data you are seeing is pretty close to what we expect, at least in March.
Catherine Arnold: Okay and then on the prior authorization cycle, I believe that you had said that there used to be a more typical two week prior auth cycle for new patients as they move from plan to plan at the beginning of the year. We saw an extended prior auth cycle for HUMIRA given that there was managed put in place with some higher hurdles to try to get that process done.  I want to make sure that, is it your take that we are largely through this disruption and even as we have been on this call, have been getting questions about some of the statistics on demand.  I know you mentioned the 24% March growth, but as you look at the IMS adjustment factors it looks like February was not 19%, it was 23% and March was closer to 21%, so roughly they are about the same. The questions I am getting as I am listening to your call are was this really an up tick or are we sort of, February/March growth looks pretty comparable.  So, I am wondering if you could comment on that.  That might be because the prior authorization situation kind of settled down and the February/March normalized growth.
John Thomas: Yes, well we definitely think were through the main bulk of these prior authorization extensions, so I think that was a temporary affect that does happen at the beginning of the year.  We are obviously into the second quarter now, so that should be, for the vast majority of it, done.  Our data is very accurate, like I said, and we expect that the February/March data looks good, it looks strong; it is in the mid 20s.
Catherine Arnold: I wonder if you could tell me what percentage are now enjoying your co-pay assistance programs in the US?
John Thomas: We have about 12% of our total patients are on various types of assistance programs.
Catherine Arnold: Okay and then your guidance for the year on HUMIRA, are you assuming that you get any of the downfalls in inventory back that you lost in the first quarter?  If that happens would that be a positive, or is that already baked in guidance?
John Thomas: We are not expecting that throughout the year and we are not expecting that in the fourth quarter, so if there was any increased purchasing activity by the wholesalers or others in the fourth quarter that would be incremental to the guidance we gave.
Catherine Arnold: Okay, at risk of over staying my welcome, I just wanted to ask Miles one more thing which is about company X.  I appreciated your comments about [amusement} but I know that was something that people focused on.  I was wondering if you could give us your side of the story on that reference?
Miles White: It is real simple.  If the company X comment was intended to imply that Abbott competed for Wyeth it is false.  We did not compete for Wyeth.
Catherine Arnold: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Larry Biegelsen from Wachovia.
Larry Biegelsen: What are you guys assuming f or the approval of Golimumab in your HUMIRA guidance for 2009 in the US and international?
Miles White: We have baked that into our model.  We expect them; I think Ive got a [PADUPA] here at the end of next month.  Weve expected that. Thats in our model.  For many of the reasons weve talked about we do believe theyll have a position ion the market, but it wont be a significant impact to HUMIRA for all of the reasons weve mentioned before, fourth or fifth products to market that dont offer any additional clinical benefits typically are not picked up and dont drive as much. Weve baked that into our forecast.  We fully expect new competition which also has the benefit of driving increased promotional activity.
Larry Biegelsen: My second question is not HUMIRA related.  In the past you have traditionally provided some peak sales estimates for late stage pipeline products and you are filing two this year, one of which you have already filed, Flutiform, and the second the fixed combination of TriLipix in Crestor.  If you would care to give us any kind of expectations on those two products at this point, that would be helpful.
Miles White: Nope.
Larry Biegelsen: The answer is no to both of those?
Miles White: No to both of the answers, nope.  All right, what is next?
Larry Biegelsen: Miles while we have you, in regards to healthcare reform, do you see upside from increased coverage of the non-insured?  People have focused mostly on the negative pricing pressure aspects of it, but do you see some upside potentially?
Miles White: I dont know that I would characterize it as upside per say.  I mean I expect that out of healthcare reform a lot more people are going to be covered and it is obviously going to create, whether we call it volume opportunity for additional expansion in the number of categories, but at this point I think it is all speculation.  I think it would probably have some positive offset to whatever we may see that people have speculated as negative, but at this point was have so many different models of the impact of the various aspects of healthcare reform. We obviously expect that to be an offset, but where it all settles out depends on what the whole mix looks like. If you told me which things were going to happen and how I would tell you well here is what its worth.  But, as it is today, it is just speculation at this point.  I think that is why there is so much uncertainty among people out there.  I mean, we have all done our models.  We have all done our estimates.  You could ask me is it positive, is it negative?  I think it is going to sort out in some balance in the middle where a lot more people will have coverage.  That is good.  We will see some pressure on industry pricing and other things. That is not good.  But will it net all out?  I think it will net out in a balance somewhere, Larry, I just dont know where.
Larry Biegelsen: And what is your view, Miles, on the taxing of overseas profits?
Miles White: Well I dont think its a real good thing, but at this point it too is speculation.  You have to look at what happens in Washington, because the drill is always the same. The most extreme proposals and ideas get floated so that people can react to them and they react, and then there tends to be this negotiating in the public domain back and forth with speculation. At the end of the day we tend not to see the most radical things happen.  In this case I think it is kind of the same. I think this government, obviously, is looking for sources of revenue.  They think that is a source of revenue, but I would reiterate this country already has the second highest corporate tax rate in the world and no country in the world taxes overseas earnings. So, if the government were to determine that that was somehow a favorable thing to do, I think they would severely impact the competitiveness of US multinational corporations in a lot of these countries around the world.  I think then you would see companies react accordingly. We serve investors, we serve returns, etcand companies would react accordingly and I think that implies a broad range of potential activities.  At the end of the day that certainly mitigates against what the government may think it gains from something like that. So, at the end of the day I think it is all speculation designed to see what kind of reception such a thing would have.  I think, if they are listening, it has got a bad reception.  So, well see.
Larry Biegelsen: Thank you.
John Thomas: That concludes our conference call.  A replay will be available after 11:00 central Time on our investor relations website at abbottinvestor.com and after 11:00 am Central via telephone at 402-220-3880 confirmation code 7609229.  The audio replay will be available until 4:00 pm next Wednesday April 29. Thank you all for joining us today.  Please call us if you have any follow up questions.
Operator: Thank you and this concludes todays conference.  You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Abbotts fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call.  (Operator Instructions).  I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations.
John Thomas: Good morning, and thanks for joining us.  Also on today's call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Office, and Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.  Miles will provide opening remarks, and Tom will review the details of our financial results and guidance for 2009.  I will then discuss the highlights of our major businesses, and of course as always, following our comments, well take any questions that you have. Some statements made today may be forward-looking.  Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our 2007 Form 10-K and in Abbotts quarterly reports in Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-Q for the quarters ended June 30th and September 30th 2008 and are incorporated by reference.  We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as the result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help all of you understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Miles White: Good morning everyone.  Ill ask you to bear with me.  Im getting a little bit of winter cold, so my voice is not quite what it ought to be, but I think we can do this.  Im going to review our 2008 performance as well as our outlook for 2009 across our diverse mix of healthcare businesses.  Tom and John will walk you through more details on our results as well as our 2009 outlook.  I will keep my comments brief so that you have time for your questions. As you can see from our earning news release, Abbott reported another year of strong results in 2008, with double-digit sales growth in each of our major global businesses, including medical devices, pharmaceutics, nutritionals, and diagnostics.  We ended the full year with total Abbott sales of nearly $30 billion.  During 2008, we raised our EPS guidance twice, and for the full year, we reported an additional $0.10 of EPS out of our original guidance finishing the year with EPS growth of approximately 17%.  For 2009, we expect another year of double digit EPS growth, which is reflected in the guidance range we announced last week of $3.65 to $3.70 a share.  Ill talk more about 2009 in a moment. 2008 was another productive and successful year for Abbott and our leadership team.  We delivered on our major strategic, operational, and financial goals.  We generated record operating cash flow, returned more than $2 billion in cash to shareholders in the form of dividends reflecting an 11% increase, and we repurchased approximately $1 billion in stock Abbott stock.  2008 represented our 36th consecutive year of dividend increased.  This return of cash in addition to our stock price performance gave our shareholders a total return on the Abbott investment of 46% over the last three years compared to a decrease of 23% for the S&P. Our cash flow also allowed us to improve our financial flexibility by reducing net debt by $3 billion in 2008.  This strong cash flow puts us in a good position to be ready should any important strategic opportunities arise.  Last year we achieved important milestones that further strengthened our company including delivering on one of the most productive late stage pipelines in our industry. In 2008, we received approval for 9 major new products we had on review by regulatory agencies.  So we had a tremendous amount of new product activity.  Among some of the highlights, in pharmaceutics, we launched two new indications for Humira, both of which are helping us drive continued strong double digit growth in 2009.  We received approval for Trilipix, a next generation fenofibrate, which will help us continued to grow our cholesterol franchise, and we launched Simcor, a combination lipid therapy. In vascular, we received US approval for our Xience V drug-eluting stent, which quickly became the market leader with total platform share of more than 50%.  In diabetes care, we received approval for two new freestyle glucose testing products.  In diagnostics, we launched Architect 1000 analyzer and assays as well as new molecular testing products, and in nutrition, we introduced a new formulation of Similac advanced called Early Shield developed to improve a babys immune system. Last year, we also continued to augment and reshape our business portfolio through strategic acquisitions, partnerships, and divestitures of non-strategic assets.  Most importantly, we concluded our TAP joint venture in the first half of 2008, ending a 30-year history with an equal spread of the businesss strategic assets, and added Lupron to our pharmaceutical business which strengthens our position in cancer therapeutics, a significant area of interest for us and one where we continue to advance products through our R&D pipeline.  Last year, we also expanded our position in molecular diagnostics with our recent acquisition of Ibis Biosciences.  Ibis has a highly sensitive molecular testing system for rapid identification and characterization of infectious agents.  The system has numerous potential commercial applications including disease surveillance, forensics, and human diagnostics in the hospital and clinical setting. Most recently, we announced the acquisition of Advanced Medical Optics or AMO.  This acquisition further strengthens Abbotts medical device business and marks our entry into the attractive vision care industry, adding a market-leading, diverse, and sustainable new growth platform with more than $1 billion in annual sales.  With these new products and portfolio refinements, Abbott is well positioned for 2009.  In addition to having one of the lowest exposures to generic pharmaceuticals over the next several years, we have leadership positions in a wide range of attractive growth markets. Humira, our biologic for the treatment of autoimmune disease, has achieved the top sales growth rate and share gain of any biologic and is well positioned for continued strong double digit growth.  There continues to be plenty of room for further penetration in all three market segments in rheumatology, dermatology, and gastroenterology particularly internationally where there is significant opportunity to treat more patients.  In the cholesterol market, Niaspan is the number one drug for raising HDL or the good cholesterol, and our TriCor/Trilipix franchise includes the best therapies for reducing triglycerides.  Our nutrition business if one of the strongest globally, and were the market share leader in a majority of the categories in which we compete including infant formula, adult nutrition, therapeutic nutrition, and performance nutrition. In vascular devices, we are market leader in bare metal stents, guidewires, and now drug-eluting stents, where as I mentioned Xience V is the number one DES in both the US as well as Europe.  We look forward to launching Xience V in Japan by the end of 2009 or early 2010.  Japan, as you may know, is a $500 million market opportunity.  With the acquisition of AMO, we will be taking a leadership position in the $22 billion vision care industry, a market supported by favorable demographic trends, including a steadily growth elderly population.  There are more than 700 million people globally over 60 years old, and this number is estimated to hit 1 billion by 2020.  Cataracts are the leading case of vision loss for this population, and AMI has the number two position.  AMO is number one in LASIK or refractive surgery and has well-known consumer brands in the eye care segment including Complete and Blink Tears. The balance of our businesses including our strong positions in these large technology driven markets strengthens our position as a company that combines safety and growth in multiple market environments.  We are also focused on improving margins and returns companywide in each of our major core businesses.  For example, in our vascular business, the early success of Xience V last year will contribute significantly to the divisions operating profits this year and to our EPS.  Weve used our financial strength to invest in our R&D pipeline as well as our commercial operations to ensure we fully leverage our late-stage pipeline and our many new product introductions. With the success of our late-stage pipeline, we are now focused on our early to mid-stage opportunities.  In pharmaceuticals, we have a number of unique compounds in early stage development in neuroscience, pain management, oncology, immunology, infectious disease and other opportunistic areas.  In neuroscience, we are developing compounds to address Alzheimers disease, schizophrenia, pain, and other neurological conditions.  In oncology, our compounds in development employ unique less toxic approaches to inhibit tumor growth and improve the response to common cancer therapies. In immunology, we are focused on our strength in biologic research and development, but were also evaluating a number of small molecule compounds in our preclinical immunology program.  In HCV, we are pursuing both small molecule in biologic targets, and the compounds in our pipeline have the potential to improve upon current treatment options, and we have proprietary research technology that can lead the combination biologic therapies with potential applications in a number of therapeutic areas including oncology and immunology.  We are also focused on expanding our medical products pipeline with new and improved nutritional products, new diagnostic systems and tests, and new next-generation vascular technologies.  For example, in diagnostics, we continue our efforts to develop more sensitive molecular testing that can predicts which patients are likely to benefit from particular therapies. In vascular, were developing a next generation Xience VES platform that will further improve deliverability, and were leading the way in the development of the markets first fully bioabsorbable drug-eluting stent.  We also continue to develop and new and improved nutritional products, and we anticipate opening our new Singapore manufacturing facility in the first quarter to support growing global demand. To summarize 2008, we met our major goals and invested in new opportunities that will help us achieve consistent performance in the coming years.  We further positioned Abbott for sustainable performance driven by multiple new growth franchises, well defined market leadership positions, significant cash flow, and a well-diversified base of reliable earnings.  As we enter 2009, were pleased with our momentum, and were optimistic about our outlook.  We expect to deliver another year of double-digit EPS growth supported by constant currency sales growth in the low double digits.  We started 2009 focused on doing more of what we do best including taking strategic actions to enhance our mix of businesses.  Weve also reshaped our existing core businesses to drive consistent growth and better returns including our previously announced plans to accelerate margins and generate higher cash flow in our core diagnostics business. In summary, following a successful 2008, Abbott is better positioned strategically, much stronger financially, and more diverse operationally.  We are in the right growth areas, with major new medical devices and pharmaceuticals that are both high growth and durable.  With that, Ill turn it over to Tom and John for a more detailed look on our fourth quarter as well as our outlook for 2009.
Tom Freyman: As you can see from our earnings news release, we had a strong fourth quarter, delivering double-digit sales and earnings growth, and our 2009 EPS outlook which reflects continued double-digit growth.  Our major businesses are healthy, and our outlook our strong.  During 2008, as Miles indicated, we accomplished a number of strategic objectives that position Abbott for continued industry-leading performance this year and beyond.  For the fourth quarter, we reported diluted earnings per share of $1.06, an increase of 14% over the prior year, within our previous guidance range. Sales growth in the quarter was 1.1% despite a negative 2.5% impact from exchange rates.  The adjusted gross margin ratio in the quarter was well ahead of our expectations at 60.9%, reflecting improved product mix, strong operating performance for the vascular business, and a favorable impact of foreign exchange on the ratio.  We also had strong investment spending in the quarter, with mid teens growth in both SG&A and R&D.  This accelerated level of investment in the fourth quarter will support growth in 2009 and beyond.  R&D investment reflects continued progress in our pipeline including programs in biologic and vascular as well as promising phase I and phase II clinical trial programs in neuroscience, oncology, and HPV. SG&A expense was higher than the previous forecast reflecting accelerated promotional initiatives across most of our businesses including spending to support nine new product approvals in 2008.  Other income of $71 million reflects ongoing payments related to our previous joint venture.  Tax rate for ongoing operations in the quarter was 17.8%.  As a reminder, the fourth quarter tax rate included the full year benefit of the US R&D tax credit since it was enacted retroactively to the beginning the year during the fourth quarter.  We took advantage of the positive tax rate trend in the quarter to increase our investment spending as I indicated earlier.  The tax in the fourth quarter was sustainable as it is expected to continue at approximately the same rate into 2009 as Ill discuss in a moment. Overall as we look at the full year 2008, it was a very successful year.  We exceeded our sales growth forecast and our original EPS target, delivering 14% topline growth and 17% EPS growth.  We also showed improvement in gross margin, operating margin, and net margin ratios while continuing to invest in the business to drive future growth.  Today, were confirming the 2009 earnings per share guidance we provided last week of $3.65 to $3.70 reflecting 10-12% growth over 2008.  Were pleased with this level of performance as were delivering strong growth despite the expected decline in Depakote sales, which weve discussed many times previously. Our EPS guidance range is forecast to be the same on a GAAP and a non-GAAP basis.  We expect 2009 specified items related to the AMO transaction and continuation of the cost reduction initiatives in core diagnostics announced last year to be offset by favorable specified items related to our previous joint venture.  Regarding 2009 sales, we expect mid to high single-digit growth on a reported basis.  This includes incremental sales from AMO of approximately three quarters of its annual sales as the transaction is expected to close for the end of the first quarter.  Our sales forecast reflects an estimated negative impact from foreign exchange of somewhat more than 5% based on current exchange rate.  So on a constant currency basis, sales would be up low double digits in 2009. We are forecasting a modest improvement in the full year gross margin ratio over 2008 to a ratio of somewhere about 58.5% for the full year 2009.  The favorable impact on the ratio with improved product mix and efficiency initiatives as well as continued strong growth in Humira and a full year of US Xience sales are expected to be offset by the effect of lower Depakote sales in 2009.  Were forecasting continued investment in research and development programs to drive future growth, with R&D as a percentage of sales of approximately 9%. As you know, weve been building SG&A over the last two years to support the launch of several significant growth drivers across our business.  As a result, in 2008 SG&A as a percentage of sales was close to 27.5%.  In 2009, we expect to deliver SG&A leverage, with SG&A as a percentage of sales between 26 and 27% for the full year.  We expect SG&A as a percentage of sales in the first half of 2009 to be higher than the full year average. Regarding other aspects of our 2009 outlook, were forecasting other income of approximately $300 million related to the ongoing payments from the previous joint venture, and we expect net interest expense of $400 to $450 million including financing costs associated with the AMO transaction. Were projecting a 2009 tax rate of 17.5% to 18%, similar to the fourth quarter rate.  This rate is based on the growth of key products, the opening of new facilities, and a related mix of income across the various tax jurisdictions.  As a result, when we look at the overall P&L for 2009, we expect further improvement in the operating margin ratio as well as the net margin ratio. Now, lets turn to our quarterly outlook.  For the first time, we are providing first quarter earnings per share guidance of $0.69 to $0.71.  This range represents growth over the prior year of 10-12%, in line with our full year EPS growth outlook.  Looking forwarding to the remaining quarters of 2009, we expect second quarter EPS growth in the mid single digits in comparison to the prior year when there was a high level of joint venture-related income.  Third and fourth quarter EPS growth is expected to be in the low teens.  Were forecasting low single digit sales growth in the first quarter on a reported basis.  This includes an estimated negative impact from foreign exchange approaching 6%.  So on a constant currency basis, sales growth will be in the high single digits.  We expect an ongoing gross margin ratio of around 58% in the first quarter.  Other income, again related to our previous joint venture, is forecast at $125 to $160 million in the first quarter, and the tax rate is expected to be in line with our full year guidance. In summary, our diversified businesses are strong, and we remain well positioned financially.  Our performance in 2008 underscores the fact that due to the unique businesses mix Abbott has we perform well regardless of the environment, and we expect that to continue in 2009 with another year of double-digit EPS growth.  With that, lets turn to the business operating highlights.
John Thomas: This morning, Ill review the performance of our major business segmentspharmaceuticals, nutritionals, and medical products which include diabetes care, diagnostic, and Abbott vascular of course.  Let me start with our global pharmaceuticals business where sales grew nearly 10% in the quarter and 14% for the full year.  Several key products drove this strong performance, beginning with our immunology business. Since Humiras initial market launch in 2003, weve exceeded our internal sales expectations and most of yours as well every year.  Once again, Humira surpassed our original expectations in 2008 with more than $4.5 billion in global sales, and as you may recall, our original forecast for 2008 was $4 billion worldwide, which we provided one year ago at this time.  In the fourth quarter, we saw continued strong patient demand for Humira with global sales up more than 40%.  With six indications in total, Humira is poised to achieve the number two market share position in the anti-TNF market during the first half of 2009. US growth of Humira and all specialty segments continue to outpace the overall anti-TNF market contributing the majority of overall prescription drugs in the category.  The growing awareness of Humira among physicians and the expanding body of best in class clinical data will continue to drive further physician and patient demand.  Today more than 310,000 people worldwide are being treated with Humira across all six indications. Let me talk about our success in our major treatment categories.  In Crohns, Humira US prescription share now exceeds 41%, and we continue to be pleased with the results of our launch into the psoriasis market where Humira US prescription share approaches 30%.  The global biologics markets for Crohns disease and psoriasis are both expected to grow significantly over the next several years.  In fact, the global biologics market for all Humira indications is estimated to exceed about $25 billion by 2012, and with these outstanding clinical results were well positioned for continued success in these markets.  As a result based on the current momentum and the ongoing launches of new indications, we anticipate global Humira sales growth of more than 25% in 2009. In lipid management, we continue to outpace the growth of the cholesterol market with double digit growth for both TriCor and Niaspan.  Niaspan sales were up 24% in the quarter ending the year with sales of nearly $790 million.  In our TriCor-Trilipix franchise, sales for the quarter were $455 million, up 16%.  Full year TriCor-Trilipix franchise sales totaled more than $1.3 billion, up more than 10%.  We began shipping Trilipix in the fourth quarter following the approval in mid December.  In the future, we will continue to report sales of these products as a combined franchise. Trilipix as you may recall is our next generation fibrate and the first and only fibrate approved for combination use for statins.  Supported by the largest clinical program of its kind involving approximately 2700 patients, Trilipix has demonstrated safety and efficacy when used alone or in combination with a statin.  Data from three large clinical studies show that Trilipix in combination with the most commonly prescribed statins, Crestor, Lipitor, and Zocor, doubled triglyceride reduction and doubled HDL improvement, the good cholesterol, versus statins alone and significantly improved LDL versus Trilipix alone.  Combination therapy was well tolerated with reported safety similar to the monotherapies. Also during the fourth quarter at the American Heart Association meeting, we presented data from our long-term safety and efficacy study which showed that therapy with Trilipix plus statins combinations was safe, well tolerated, and resulted in comprehensive and sustained improvement in triglycerides, HDL, and LDL.  The data also showed sustained improvement from CRP levels and patients with mixed dyslipidemia.  CRP or C-reactive protein is associated with information and a risk factor for heart disease and cardiovascular events.  Of more than 100 million adults with lipid disorders, only 30 million are being treated with lipid therapies, and only one in four patients reach treatment goals.  Majority are taking single therapies, primarily focused on treating only LDL or bad cholesterol, suggesting that many patients could benefit from combination approach treatment to help mange all three lipid levels.  As a reminder, development continues on a fixed dose combination of Trilipix and Crestor to address all three lipid parameters in a single pill.  We are currently in phase III development and plan to submit an NDA to the agency in the second half of this year.  For 2009, we expect continued double digit growth in our total lipid franchise. Moving on to our virology franchise where we sell the protease inhibitors, Kaletra and Norvir.  Kaletra remains a leading treatment for HIV providing physicians with a clinical confidence to manage the disease as a chronic long-term illness.  Global Kaletra sales for the quarter were $378 million and full year sales exceeded $1.4 billion.  For 2009, in our HIV franchise, which includes both Kaletra and Norvir, we expect mid single digit growth.  Regarding Lupron, US sales for the quarter were $147 million and $377 million for the full year 2008.  As a reminder, this reflects a partial year of US Lupron sales since the joint venture concluded in April as part of the equal spilt of the assets.  For 2009, expect US Lupron sales to approach $600 million, and finally Synthroid continues to remain in a strong market position with US sales of $435 million for 2008.  We expect a similar level of total Synthroid sales this year. So in summary in pharmaceuticals for 2009, we expect mid single digit growth for our global pharmaceuticals business.  This includes low single digit growth for our US pharmaceutical sales including the impact of lower Depakote sales and mid single digit growth for international pharmaceuticals including a significant negative impact of foreign exchange. In our global nutritionals business, sales were up 11% in the fourth quarter, driven by mid-teens growth in international nutritionals, where demand continues to increase for high-quality nutritional products in various emerging markets.  Performance was especially strong in pediatric nutritionals where sales outside of the US were up nearly 30%.  As Miles mentioned, we are opening a new state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Singapore.  This 500,000 square foot facility will address the growing global demand for our nutritional products while also specifically serving the needs and opportunities of the expanding Asian markets. In the US, nutritional sales increased nearly 7% in the fourth quarter.  New product introductions including the launch of our improved infant formula Similac Advanced EarlyShield and the continued success of Glucerna and Ensure are contributing to this positive momentum, so in 2009, we again expect double-digit growth in our global nutritional business with mid-single digit growth in our US nutritional business and mid-teens growth internationally. Turning to our medical products businesses, let me start with diabetes care where US sales were up 7% due to the continued successful uptake of our FreeStyle no calibration meters.  With both FreeStyle Freedom Lite and FreeStyle Lite products, we continue to differentiate ourselves from the competition.  Outside of the US, we remain the number two player, and we continue to expand our presence in emerging markets.  So in diabetes care for 2009, we expect mid single digit growth worldwide with stronger growth in Asia and Latin America. Let me now turn to our diagnostics business where sales were up 4.4% in the fourth quarter and up 13% for the full year.  Growth in our global immunochemistry and hematology segment this quarter was a result of continued uptake of our prism blood analyzer and our ARCHITECT immunochemistry system including the continued roll out of our new ARCHITECT i1000 for lower volume labs.  In the fourth quarter, we completed the US ARCHITECT transplant menu with the launch of a cyclosporine assay.  Also in the quarter, we launched a Chagas test on PRISM outside the US.  As you know, Chagas is a parasitic disease endemic to Latin America. Its our priority to continue to improve profitability as Miles mentioned in our core diagnostic business, reducing overall costs, improving efficiencies and expanding margins.  In fact, we expect to roughly double profit and cash flow in this business over the next several years. In our Point Of Care business, sales grew more than 8% in the fourth quarter and 16% for the full year.  The FDA granted a CLIA waiver for 5 of our i-STAT point of care tests broadening their use beyond the hospital setting. In molecular diagnostics sales increased more than 18% in the fourth quarter and more than 25% for the full year.  In November, we launched in Europe a molecular assay for detection of HPV.  Unlike other HPV tests, the Abbott RealTime High Risk HPV assay combines two diagnostic tools in the one test, HPV high risk screening and viral genotyping. We recently announced the acquisition also of IBIS Biosciences expanding at its molecular diagnostic technology portfolio with the IBIS T5000 Biosensor system. So, for our worldwide diagnostic business in 2009, we anticipate modest growth for the full year.  This includes relatively flat sales growth in immunochemistry and hematology reflecting the impact of foreign exchange as well as continued strong double-digit growth in both molecular diagnostics and point of care. And finally, in our vascular business, global sales in the fourth quarter were $663 million, up nearly 60%.  Sales were driven by the continued success of our drug-eluting stent XIENCE V.  Global DES franchise sale which includes XIENCE as well as other third-party DES product revenues were $332 million for the quarter.  Sales of XIENCE V now account for approximately 75% of our total DES franchise revenue. XIENCE has become the clear US market leader gaining share at the expense of all three major competitors.  US market share for XIENCE in the fourth quarter was approaching 30%.  XIENCE is clearly the product of choice among interventional cardiologists based on its clinical data and best in class deliverability. Looking at the DES part market more broadly, were pleased to see continued steady improvement with US DES penetration now in the mid 70s, and thats up about 15 percentage points from earlier in 2007 or late 2007. Outside of the US, XIENCE continues as the market leader in Europe with share in the mid to upper 20% range.  As you know, we completed our regulatory submission for XIENCE in Japan in June 2008, and Japan is a $500 million market thats had consistently high DES penetration rates.  Given these market characteristics plus a Japanese patient population that tends to have smaller vessels, we expect that XIENCE V will do well given its superb deliverability profile and very low late loss. In addition to Japan, we anticipate launching XIENCE this year in Canada, China, and Mexico.  We are also continuing to expand our current XIENCE platform, and in the fourth quarter began enrolling our SPIRIT Small Vessel clinical trial to evaluate XIENCE NANO, a 2.25 mm XIENCE size.  XIENCE NANO is already available outside of the US and features the proven efficacy, safety, and deliverability of XIENCE for smaller vessels. In our vascular pipeline, we continue to work on our next generation XIENCE DES.  Were capitalizing on the proven attributes of XIENCE V, and at the same time improving deliverability, especially in longer lengths.  This will increase physician access to complex anatomy and disease and minimize vessel injury.  We expect to launch this next generation DES in Europe before the end of this year, and well begin our US clinical trials for this next generation XIENCE this year.  We anticipate XIENCE only sales this year in 2009 to approach a billion dollars in total, contributing to the strong double-digit sales growth expectations for our vascular business for the full year in addition to the margin contribution that Miles mentioned. Our broad-based pipeline continues to be productive.  We had nine new major regulatory approvals last year including five approvals in our global pharmaceuticals business and four approvals in medical products.  In 2009, we anticipate a number of new product filings and approvals including regulatory submissions for the combined asthma product, Flutiform, and the TRILIPIX/CRESTOR fixed dose combination.  As I mentioned, we expect European approval of our next-generation XIENCE drug-eluting stent by the end of this year and in Japan we anticipate approval for XIENCE V and plan to file for our HUMIRA Crohns indication in the second half of the year. Finally, regarding the acquisition we announced last week of Advanced Medical Optics, a global leader in ophthalmology.  AMO produces more than $1 billion in annualized revenue from three vision care segments; cataract surgery, LASIKs laser vision correction, and eye care.  As Tom indicated, given that we anticipate closing the transaction by the end of the first quarter, approximately three-quarters of these annualized sales will be incremental to Abbots sales base in 2009.  We have one update post last weeks conference call on our acquisition.  AMO received FDA approval last Friday for the TECNIS Multifocal Intraocular Lens or IOL.  The TECNIS Multifocal IOL are readily available in Europe has performed well in international markets.  It gives patient superior near vision and reading speed compared to other presbyopia-correcting IOLs and has the highest patient satisfaction rate at 95%.  Cataract surgery including IOLs is AMOs largest business segment with about $500 million in sales and this will help them continue to grow their share in the market, more than $4 billion globally. So, in summary, were very pleased with our strong and diversified performance for the fourth quarter and for the full year 2008.  We delivered double-digit sales growth in each of our major global businesses in the fourth quarter as well as EPS growth of 14%.  Our underlying businesses are strong, our core growth franchises are healthy, and at the same time were investing to sustain this performance in the future.  For 2009, we expect another year of double-digit EPS growth.  With that, operator, well open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions).  Our first question this morning is from Mike Weinstein from J.P. Morgan.
Michael Weinstein: Tom, if I just compare your guidance versus where the street is at, and there is a little bit of apples and oranges because the street models dont include AMO yet, your SG&A guidance is for more leverage as what the street is modeling and there is a lower tax rate than what the street is modeling.  So, given the fact your EPS guidance is certainly bracketed where the street was at, why shouldnt numbers be higher than what you are suggesting on the bottomline for 2009?
Thomas C. Freyman: We did over-deliver in 2008.  We had an excellent year in terms of continually beating our own forecast throughout the year, and certainly if the business performance, thats a possibility going forward at this point in time.  This is the range we feel comfortable with particularly with the dynamics going on, and certainly, if we perform better, hopefully we will deliver at the higher end of that range as we did last year.
Michael Weinstein: What offset should be thinking about in terms of holding back the business?  Could you just comment on both the impact of the dollar in the macro-environment?
Thomas C. Freyman: When I indicated those sales impact in my guidance against our reported namely 5% plus for the year in 2009 estimated now and 6% plus in the first quarter, I think thats a good indication to you and our investors that we have taken into account very realistic assumptions on exchange, and we could properly dial that into our forecast for the year.  So, I think were in good shape on that.  We knew as we went through our budgeting process this year that that was something that wed have to manage and that is our job to manage and weve done that with the guidance weve delivered.  So, we feel pretty good about that and again its up to our businesses, well see how they perform, and as always, we love to perform at the higher ends of the range, well see what happens.
Michael Weinstein: Miles, you started off the year by announcing the AMO transaction.  We were at the J&J meeting yesterday and everybody heard some of the comments relative to the opportunities in 2009.  You, like J&J are in a strong position financially, youve taken advantage of that opportunity early in the year; should we view 2009 and the fact that youre in relatively good shape at this point and generating the earnings growth that you are targeting, youre in good position financially.  Should we view it as a year in which youll continue to take advantage of some of the better opportunities out there in the marketplace particularly given where companies are being valued.
Miles D. White: I think its a good time to be a buyer as long as there is a willing seller, and I think thats the big if here, as long as there is a willing seller.  A lot of values are depressed and for a lot of good reasons in some cases and not for good reasons in others.  So, as is normal we maintain pretty tight vigilance over a lot of opportunities that were interested in across the board for all of our businesses and try to stay as current and up to date on those opportunities as we can because you wait for the right timing and the right opportunity and the right atmosphere and so forth to capitalize, I think this is one of those years when thats possible.  I want to be careful and prudent about that though and not get too far ahead of ourselves, and I think, no investor has an appetite as usual for dilution and so I am cautious about that and cautious about making fair deals that are valued properly, relative to the prospects of the business, and it doesnt always work out that way.  So, sometimes the deal doesnt get made, but I am vigilant, I would say, we all are, to watching for the things that we would like to put in the mix at Abbott.  I would not forecast to you anything of, what I call are, gargantuan in size.  I dont have anything on the front burner.  I told you months ago I didnt have anything on the front burner and then bought AMO.  It was not on the front burner at that time, but it got there.  We dont have something on the front burner now, but I think your observation that this is a year to at least be vigilant and watching for those opportunities is quite valid.
Michael Weinstein: Last question, youve talked over the years, Miles, about ideally, in an ideal world, shifting the mix of business a little bit more towards devices than it has stood in that past or is at today.  Is that still valid, that ideal world, would you like to have a little bit more device exposure?
Miles D. White: Yes, I would, and interesting enough, it is not specific to devices.  I mean it could be any number of categories.  I know I give you distinction with AMO.  I was particularly interested in some segments of business that are of course tech driven and R&D driven growth businesses and so forth, that they have the characteristics of a lot of our businesses, but not as dependant on reimbursement or insurance, etc.  Now, with AMO thats what you get, but you also get that its vulnerable to a tough economy, and frankly, if it wasnt vulnerable to a tough economy I am not sure wed own it, because we might not have had the opportunity that exists here.  So, I do want the company to have a diverse mix of businesses with some different characteristics because in particular in times like this, you want a lot of moving parts at work to work with in order to sustain the projection of earnings or growth or returns that we have as an identity for our investors, and I think in order to have the identity that we do as a business much like J&Js because we both have diverse models in our business and were not pure-play pharma or pure-play device or whatever, I think, were a more stable and reliable long-term investment, and frankly a lot stronger investment in the short term and particularly in adversity; and if you have the mix of different business models to work with, you can sustain that.  So, as I look at it, Ive certainly been happy with the performance on the pharma side of the business.  There have been a couple of times when I wished that we had opportunities on the device or non-pharma side and sure enough something like Kos comes along and its attractive and we add it to the pharma business.  So, my inclination is more balanced on the non-pharma side.  I need all of these businesses to be performing well and that includes pharma and all the device and non-pharma businesses.  If you are looking for an inclination of wheres my priority, yes sure, my priority on non-pharma, but I am not going to pass up an attractive pharma opportunity if it exists and fits us.
Operator: Our next question is from Glen Navarro from RBC Capital Markets.
Glen Navarro: A couple of things; first on HUMIRA.  US sales were stronger than I was thinking, and I know, in the fourth quarter you get some wholesaler buying; can you quantify, was there any wholesaler buying in the fourth quarter, was it pure demand; and then, the OUS number was a little bit lower than I was thinking and I am wondering is that a demand or is that mostly currency; and then as you look at 09 for HUMIRA, can you break down a little bit in terms of guidance, US versus OUS sale.  I know you gave 25% growth, but are you thinking 20% or less in the US and faster OUS?
Thomas C. Freyman: Glen, we actually had very strong prescription growth if you look at total scripts than the year end of fourth quarter and in December.  There was also a little bit of price that helped us.  So, no, there wasnt any major wholesaler buying activity regarding HUMIRA in the quarter.  I think its pretty close to, if you add up those pieces on scripts written and price increase.  Ex-US, we looked at in a constant currency basis in line with previous quarters except you take our exchange from the mix as we go forward, it should be similar.  So, pretty balanced as we go into 2009, and as I did mention, we noted more than 25% growth for the overall product globally.  So, continues showing momentum with all the different indications and a continued strong data that we see with the product longer term, and obviously as weve mentioned many times before, physicians consider HUMIRA now the gold standard in an environment where they want to use products that theyre comfortable with and are not as willing to use products that are either new mechanisms of actions or where their safety record isnt as long as HUMIRA has now.
Glen Navarro: Just a followup, for the price increase that you mentioned in the fourth quarter in the US, was that the first price increase of the year for HUMIRA, and secondly, what was the increase, 2% or 3%, can you tell us what the increase was?
Thomas C. Freyman: It was less than 5%, but there was also a price increase that wed taken about a year ago.  So, you have one in January and then you had one in December.
Glen Navarro: One last followup, just to clarify, you mentioned XIENCE approval in Japan toward the end of this year, but I believe the launch is more 10 because then you have to sit and wait for reimbursement, is that correct?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, let me be clear about that.  We dont have huge expectations for that.  In fact, we dont have anything in our model for 09 to be conservative.  The numbers I talked about were vascular approaching a billion dollars of XIENCE sales this year did not include any XIENCE in Japan.  So, what we have is, we think we could get it by the end of this year, and if we do, well obviously launch it and thatd be great, but I think early 10 is probably more realistic for modeling purposes.
Operator: Our next question is from Rick Wise from Leerink Swann.
Frederick Wise: Let me go back to the strategic issues again, as long as Ive got you, can you expand in another direction, Miles, I hear you have the diversity, from whatever angle you like.  I see with AMO, a large market, aging population, technology, new markets, and reimbursement; is there anything thematic you are looking for or when you are thinking about acquisitions, are you looking at disease states, maybe a little more color from those angles, about your thought process.
Miles D. White: Yes, actually, Rick, we do.  Ill use ophthalmology as an example.  Weve been studying that market for over three years very closely, and weve done a lot of work learning the market, understanding its dynamics, its underlying dynamics, competitions, the technology, the patent situations, etc.  We wanted to know everything about it because since it was a new area for us we wanted a really thorough understanding of it before we entered it and we wanted a clear idea of what we were going to do in the market once we had a cornerstone platform and a leadership position, you know, where are we going to go from here.  So, we did all that.  Now, Id tell you as a priority, weve looked at a number of market segments that way.  We tend to look at those where theres a lot of opportunity for innovation, where theres clearly an opportunity for a better product that makes a difference, where theres clearly an opportunity for growth, and hopefully robust growth so that the demographics or whatever the situation is will drive it because thats what our investors look for, its long-term growth, cash flow generation, etc., and innovation driven.  So, we want to make sure that we understand what phase II, phase III, phase IV of the generations of that business are going to look like and understand what were going to do about them, both organically or possibly by adding to them.  As we look at other things that we might add to the company, obviously, one of our first priorities is expanding on the business as we know, whether it be in other product lines or geographically as the case may be, but were looking to add to the franchises or the platforms that weve already developed to extend them, and so, in terms of the kinds of things we look at, we arent just opportunistically reacting to the ones that knock on the door.  We have in mind where were interested in dobbing our businesses, whether we already own them or see a way to build a new addition to Abbott like ophthalmology.  So, thats how we approach it, and then of course, theres always the constraint of how do we finance it relative to all our cash uses and whats the right mix of returns for the investor.  At the end of the day you cant do everything.
Frederick Wise: Thats good news.  Turning to a couple of operational questions; diabetes, Tom, you seem to grow nicely, I suspect, better than the market.  You seem to be gaining share.  May be talk about the key drivers there.  As well, the Singapore facility now opening, can you talk a little bit about the impact on growth, i.e., through distribution and profitability, i.e., lower cost and margins, just reflect on that a little bit.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, the Singapore facility is opening this quarter as Miles indicated in his remarks.  This is a very large, the largest nutritional plant ever, and well need to service a very rapidly growing Asian market.  Historically, weve been sourcing this market from Europe, which has been a higher cost environment, and certainly were moving pretty heavy products and we have freight inefficiencies and the like.  There are a lot of good operating reasons to go there.  Its a very modern nutrition plant and thats a contributor from a gross margin point of view going forward in that nutrition business.  So, thats a very nice addition and its moving this quarter and itll be supporting that market for a long time to come.  In diabetes care, we have been doing better, particularly in the US, weve been gaining share, I think.  You are just seeing better commercial execution from our perspective.  Weve had some very good promotional programs and I think the brand recognition of the FreeStyle products is increasing, and were seeing a nice market share pick up.  So, thats good news and we hope to continue that going into 2009.
Operator: Our next question is from David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Miles, I hate to repeat the M&A horse yet again, but just very quickly; if what I am hearing is correct, Abbott is more inclined to pursue gross acquisition at potentially a premium or potential dilution than they are to pursue distressed or value assets?
Miles D. White: Jeez, I dont think I said that.  No, I dont think that was the message.  Did it sound like I said something like that?
David Lewis: How about growth versus value or growth versus distressed assets?
Miles D. White: I try to characterize.  A lot of people would say that, for example, that AMO was distressed by the economy and theyd say its a growth asset too.  Whats distressed?  The stock price or the business fundamentals or what?  I think at the end of the day I look for strategically what fits what we do.  We do look for something that is going to be growing business, whether its distressed or not doesnt bother me.  I am not particularly dis-inclined towards distressed or not distressed.  In some cases I think that we may well be able to bring the resources or management to the party to help the business in some fashion.  I dont rule out distressed, but I look more for what businesses we want to be in and how they fit with us.  With regard to dilution in general, I am averse to dilution and I think investors are.  So, we tend to look for deals that frankly we can make happen without dilution or at least if theres going to be any, its so modest that we ought to be able to absorb it in sort of the rounding area of the larger business, but I am not inclined to give investors significant dilution or even modest dilution, to tell you the truth, because I think especially at a time like this, our investors want to know that they can rely on us to deliver the EPS we forecasted, and that is by God what were going to do.  So, when we do our planning for the year.  We think then properly conservative on all the moving parts and anticipated many things that could happen that could affect us, and so, as I look at a lot of these deals, Id say if I was ever going to offer something to our investors that had dilution, it would have to be mightily compelling, and then make the case that it was mightily compelling, but I havent done that since Knoll, I think it was seven years ago or whenever it was, and that one was mightily compelling and I think thats proven to be the case.  Anyone who is unhappy with the dilution at that time will say now what a great buy that was; it seemed to work out okay.
David Lewis: In terms of the regulatory framework, I wonder if youd comment on politically what are the hawked at issues for Abbott and the board heading into the new political environment.
Miles D. White: I think the entire industry has got all the same issues.  There are some issues that transcend industries.  I am most concerned in the new administration about corporate tax policy, etc., because that will affect a lot of industries and the incentive for businesses in the United States to invest to create jobs, and I think that the creation of jobs is going to be extremely important to the recovery of the economy in the United States which is going to be important to everybody, and that affects us too; thats one of the things that I am watching carefully, whether its in the stimulus package or elsewhere.  Then of course there are things that are specific to our industry.  Weve tried to quantify what we believe might be the impact of any number of different outcomes depending on how the administration goes about any changes to healthcare or healthcare reform and so on.  With regard to the regulatory environment at the FDA I think all of us have experienced over the last decade increases in the fees we pay to have more and more people at the FDA able to review the submissions we make and so on and so forth.  We saw at the end of last year an awful lot of companies received what is now called a complete response letter and there was an awful lot of that implying that the agency didnt have enough resource to complete the task in some cases or reviewing these many products and that is an issue and it is a problem.  In some cases many of us have been told to go back and provide more data, etc., and we will do the same, but sort of the avalanche of all of that from about July to the end of the year, I thought, was a warning light that, hey, this needs either more headcount or more management because there is some kind of bottleneck here thats clearing affecting the pharma side of the business.  I would tell you that we generally had and specifically had a very good year from the standpoint of getting our products through the FDA.  We worked with the agency the way the agency wanted to be worked with and when we had ten major things we wanted to get out of the agency, we got nine, and fell short on the tenth, but I think that was a pretty good track record overall, although all of us would like to have an agency that could do what it has to do with regard to the safety and efficacy of products, but at the same time execute in a timely fashion, and I think weve gone through a bit of a transition on that because last year you saw a lot of concern over safety and some changes in the kind of data they wanted  and so on.   I look at that and I think Im glad we got all of our new products out, and right now we are in launch mode for the next couple of years, launching those products, and that will drive our growth for at least the next five, and we are back in a phase where we are looking at earlier and mid stage stuff, so we are not as dependent right now, in fact, not at all dependent on whatever change may take place at the agency.  We are not hung up in it, which I think, is fortunate for us.  I guess everything got out the door just in time.
David Lewis: In terms of capital flow, given the $5 billion buyback which is larger than weve seen in the last couple of years and the AMO transaction, can we still expect you to execute on that buyback in totality or significantly given AMO, and then whats the expectation for shares outstanding for 2009?
Tom Freyman: That buyback was intended to cover a long period of time.  If youve followed us, we have been buying somewhere in the range of $800 million to $1 billion in stock every year, and in 2008, we did buy back $1 billion dollars in stock, and certainly we intend to repurchase shares in 2009 even with the AMO financing, and weve talked to the rating agencies about that, and they are comfortable with that, so well continue to buy back shares.  The $5 billion gives us flexibility in the event that there is something truly opportunistic, but I think if you were modeling Abbott, Id plan for something steadier and over a reasonable period of time.
Operator: The next question comes from Bruce Nudell from UBS.
Bruce Nudell: Miles, I have a question for you.  We are modeling around $9 billion in Humira sales 2012 to 2013.  First of all, is a franchise of that scale feasible in that timeframe in your mind, and what are the strategic consequences both from a margin and cash flow perspective, as well as the balancing of risks of having such a dominant franchise?
Miles White: Generally, I dont forecast out that far, at least publicly.  We got our own models and stuff internally, but if you ask me in the simple basis is it feasible, yes, its feasible.  It could be that.  Now at the same time, Im mindful of the fact that a franchise that large does create a dependency if you will.  Whats fortunate here is if that product, when that product faces competition more direct even generic-like competition, it wont be the same model as what we see in a typical primary care pill-type product, but having said that, I would tell you that among the things that we think about right now and all the time in the staging of our pipeline is the fact that someday that product will peak and perhaps diminish, and as far out as that may be, it behooves us right now to be preparing for whats going to replace that product and replace that growth, and as you have seen in some of the companies in our industry, some people havent done that very well.  Id point to us this year, we are going through Depakote going generic right now, and yet while Depakote has gone generic, we still delivered 17% EPS growth in 2008, and we are still forecasting double-digit EPS growth in 2009, and we havent lapped it yet, and so we are going to see the impact of Depakote against that, and one of the reasons we are able to do that and steadily deliver is because again of the diversity of the products weve got and the magnitude of new products that weve got, and somewhere out there 2012 or 2013, we will obviously need to have products coming that will fill whatever diminishment Humira begins to experience at that time.  We understand thats the past, we understand thats job, and we are not going to wait till then to worry about it.  We are paying attention to that right now in the depth of our pipeline and so forth because thats what you do.  Our identity as a company is growth, and if one of your major products is going to cease to grow or even diminish, then you have to be prepared for that, and we will be.
Bruce Nudell: A followup on Humira.  Ulcerative colitis is the one major identified segment that you dont have a label for yet.  What do you think of the timing of the US approval?  Is it a 2011 event?  Could you scale its opportunity relative to Crohns, lets say?
Miles White: Its a smaller opportunity, Bruce, and a longer term one, and I dont have any update on specific timing for you today, but Ill get back to you.  Its obviously a couple of years out.
Bruce Nudell: Could you give some general color on the response to Trilipix, the strategy generally speaking, and will it require the combination of those pills to really resonate with the customer?
Miles White: Yeah, its a little early to be commenting on Trilipix.  As I mentioned in my commentary Bruce that we had some initial shipments that happened in the fourth quarter.  We are just now beginning the launch in earnest with our sales force.  As I mentioned in the comments there is a lot of compelling data, the largest clinical study of its kind that was done with over 2700 patients, so clearly the product has demonstrated through research studies and those published that its got the safety and efficacy when used alone or in combination with the statin, so we are looking forward to that.  That will be part of the mix of that TriCor and Trilipix franchise, which is again expected to grow in a nice clip here in 2009.  I might remind you that has been growing ahead of the overall market, so we feel like we are in pretty good shape there.  We have talked about Crestor fixed dose; thats another part of the overall program.  Thatll give us unprecedented number of compounds and therapies in this category if you look across from everything from TriCor, Trilipix to Niaspan to Simcor and then the fixed dose; thats five categories.  So, we are in a unique position unlike any of our peers, and we can continue to grow that product.
Operator: Our final question is from Sara Michelmore from Cowen and Company.
Sara Michelmore: Miles, can you just talk a little about the investments that youve made the last couple of years and the pharmaceutical R&D pipeline?  It does seem like you do have an increase in the amount of phase I or phase II compounds that are coming through.  Can you talk just philosophically about the R&D focus there and maybe highlight for us what you think are the areas we should be focused on the next two to three years?
Miles White: Yes, we went through a fairly rigorous self-evaluation, and we had some outside help with this, which was actually terrific of our pharmaceutical, both discovery and development operations several years ago, and out of that came a sharper focus on the categories that we believed we could do well in that we had some strength in or that had real value to therapy, to patients, etc., and so we did focus, and we have seen some productivity improvements, weve changed the way that we manage discovery.  We have been much more productive the last years in things coming out of discovery and in to phase I or phase II.  We had approximately 20 phase I or II starts in 2008, which was nearly double the number of new chemical entities that started in 2007, so we are seeing nice productivity there.  We got a number of exciting areas that, I think, have best in class potential.  Our BCL 2 program is a new mode of treating cancer.  We think that could extend the areas beyond cancer, like immunology.  Weve got a TRPV-1 where our goal is create a non-opioid analgesic to address unmet needs and opiate dependence, the side effect issues in the pain management area.  Weve got an antiviral depth which helps us with our HCV programs.  Weve got some technology that frankly helps us with combination biologics, which I think will have tremendous potential and then of course weve got some biologics in development coming that will be even better for psoriasis and Crohns disease than the therapies existing today, so I think we have a lot of things there.  There is a lot of work we are doing in CNS, in particular in Alzheimers that Im excited about.  We havent talked a lot about this.  Generally the street loves to hear about the pipelines, but it does not seem to do a lot, so I think we are in a phase where we are pretty excited about a lot of things that are in phase I and II coming, and thats particularly important for us because of the previous question.  If you go out five to ten years, we want to make sure that weve got a robust set of sizeable and important products, and Id say for the next five years, the shape of our business is such that we can reliably, I think, see steady double-digit bottomline growth.  We are spending more time in our R&D pipelines planning and sorting out years six through ten and eleven through fifteen, and I think in a company like ours with the diverse products we have and the long lead times in the R&D cycle that we have in some areas, thats what you have to do, and if you want to be organically driven, and we do, youve got to do that, and we are, and so I think we are in a really good place that way.  It doesnt mean that you would never enhance it with other acquisitions or partnerships or licensing agreements.  Obviously we would, which is always gravy, but we want the fundamental core of our R&D to be strong and sustainable, and I like where we are right now.
Sara Michelmore: A question for Tom on the income that you are getting from Takeda.  I think I asked this question also on the last call, but just wondering as you look at the share, it says $300 million that you talked about.  Is that sort of a firm number or is there some potential for some variability there based on milestones?
Tom Freyman: Thats very consistent with the number we have been providing as an annual level of income related to the previous joint venture, and pretty close to where we were last year, so there are some events, but we consider those to be high probability of them that would drive a modest portion of that, and as weve said before we tend to plan conservatively for those things, and so we are very comfortable with the $300 million number we have in the forecast for 2009.
Sara Michelmore: Do we need to think about delays or other things like that in the Takeda pipeline from products that were part of that TAP joint venture?
Tom Freyman: These items are totally predictable by quarter, but as we plan our guidance, we take into account and conservatively consider very high probability scenarios before we put them into our numbers, so yet there will be some quarterly variability, but we have been pretty cautious about that.
John Thomas: That concludes our conference call for today.  A replay will be available after 11 oclock central time on our investor relations website at abbottinvestor.com and after 11 oclock central via telephone at 203-369-0329, and the confirmation code for that is 1272691.  Audio replay will be available until 4 p.m. next week Wednesday, February 4th, and again thank you all for joining us this morning and for your time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question and answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question and answer session, the entire call including the question and answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations.
John B. Thomas: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Tom will review the third quarter results and I will discuss the business operating highlights as normal. Following our comments, we will take any questions that you have. Some statements made today may be forward-looking. Abbot cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our 2007 Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as the result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. So with that, I will now turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas C. Freyman: Thanks John and good morning. Today we're pleased to report third quarter results that beat expectations with high-teens sales and earnings growth. Diluted earnings per share of $0.79 were above our previous guidance range of $0.76 to $0.78, reflecting EPS growth of nearly 18% over the prior year. We are also pleased to be raising our EPS outlook for the full year 2008. Sales for the quarter were $7.5 billion, an increase of more than 17%, also ahead of our previous forecast. As a result of our performance to date and our outlook for the remainder of the year, today, we are again raising our full year ongoing earnings per share guidance range to $3.31 to $3.33, up from the previous range of $3.24 to $3.28. The midpoint of this new guidance range reflects nearly 17% growth. With this performance, we're clearly seeing the results of our efforts as we build Abbott into a global, diversified healthcare company with recognized market leadership positions and top tier financial performance. We've differentiated ourselves from our peers with multiple core growth franchises, significant cash flow and a diversified base of earnings. We're well positioned to continue to deliver double-digit earnings growth while investing to sustain growth into 2009 and beyond. We believe we provide a unique blend of both safety and growth in this difficult market environment. Our Board of Directors recently authorized a new $5 billion share repurchase program. Last year, we returned more than $3 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends and we're on track to exceed that level in 2008. We expect record operating cash flow for the full year 2008 and we increased our dividend by nearly 11% earlier this year. Turning to the specifics of our quarterly results. Our sales growth of 17.6% this quarter included a favorable 4.7% effective exchange rate. Results were strong across each of our global businesses with pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, vascular and nutritional all contributing double-digit sales growth. We also see good performance from our key growth drivers. This includes XIENCE, which is off to a very strong start in the first quarter of its U.S. launch; HUMIRA, which was up 50% worldwide; double-digit growth in our lipid franchise and more than 22% growth in international nutrition. John will discuss these in more detail in his review of the business operating highlights. The adjusted gross margin ratio in the quarter was 57.5%, at the high-end of our guidance range. Total R&D and SG&A as adjusted increased more than 13%, reflecting investment spending across the businesses in part to support the launches of new products and indications as well as continued investment in our broad-based pipeline. The tax rate this quarter was 21%, in line with our previous forecast. As a reminder, the U.S. R&D tax credit was not enacted until October so it had no impact on our third quarter rate. Now let's turn to the outlook for the remainder of 2008. As I mentioned, today we're raising our 2008 earnings per share guidance to $3.31 to $3.33, the midpoint of which would be growth of almost 17%. In fact, our EPS guidance was up approximately $0.10 per share from our original guidance provided in January. Sales growth for the full year is expected to be in the mid teens. Now let me walk you through some of the key P&L line items as we forecast them for the fourth quarter. We expect sales growth in the low double-digits including an estimated 2% negative impact from exchange, a gross margin ratio of around 59%, continued strong investment in the business with SG&A and R&D both up low double digits and other income of approximately $125 million, reflecting ongoing payments from Takeda following the conclusion of the TAP joint venture. The fourth quarter tax rate is expected to be between 18.5% and 19%, which reflects our current 21% rate less the full year impact of the R&D tax credit. So in summary, our global, diversified business strategy is delivering strong results. It's based on competing in high growth markets where product differentiation drives market success. The products within our core franchises, HUMIRA, XIENCE, international nutritional, our lipids portfolio and the compounds in our pipeline are all examples of the success of our strategy. We are very pleased with our third quarter performance. We reported strong sales growth, more than 17%... of more than 17%, EPS that beat our original guidance and we raised our earnings per share guidance range for the full year. And we expect this strength to continue into 2009 as we continue to target another year of double-digit EPS growth. With that, let's turn to the business operating highlights. John?
John B. Thomas: Thanks Tom. This morning I'll review the quarterly performance of our major business segments: pharmaceuticals, nutritionals and medical products including Abbott Vascular, Diagnostics and Diabetes Care. So let me start with our medical products businesses where sales in the quarter increased more than 25%. In our Vascular business, global sales were $636 million in the quarter, an increase of 58%. We saw especially strong growth in our worldwide coronary stent business, which had sales of $383 million. In the U.S., coronary stent sales were driven by rapid uptake of our drug-eluting stent XIENCE V, which, as you know, we launched in the U.S. in July. The launch, while still early, has led to steady market share gains as XIENCE continues to gain share at the expense of all of the three major competitors. XIENCE is clearly the product of choice among interventional cardiologists based on its unprecedented clinical data, which continues to get better and best-in-class deliverability, confirming that physicians are viewing XIENCE as a truly next-generation drug-eluting stent. This week at the TCT Interventional Cardiology meeting, we presented two year results from the meta-analysis of our XIENCE clinical trials, SPIRIT II and SPIRIT III. This data confirms that XIENCE V continues to deliver clinically significant outcomes for patients compared to TAXUS, outperforming TAXUS in key efficacy and safety endpoints out to two years. The differences between XIENCE and TAXUS grew between one and two years, reinforcing the long-term safety and efficacy profile of XIENCE. This includes a 45% reduction in major adverse cardiac events or MACE; a 41% reduction in heart attack or death and a 41% reduction in revascularization. This strong clinical data is being well accepted in the market. In just three months, XIENCE has become the number one stent on the U.S. market with share in the mid to upper 20s. The XIENCE platform which includes PROMUS has become the most popular stent platform in the U.S. with more than 50% market share. PROMUS is the private label version of XIENCE distributed by Boston Scientific. And as a reminder, we benefit economically from Boston Scientific's sales of PROMUS. Looking at the DES market broadly, we're very pleased to see continued, steady improvement. U.S. DES penetration has now surpassed 70% in the U.S. PCI [percutaneous coronary intervention] volumes have also improved, up in the mid single digits versus the third quarter of last year. Outside of the U.S., we also continue to make steady progress with XIENCE. In Western Europe, XIENCE share alone has surpassed CYPHER, ENDEAVOR and now TAXUS to claim the number one market leadership position. In total, XIENCE V is now the leading drug-eluting stent across all geographies in which it's been launched. We filed for Japanese market approval earlier this year and look forward to expansion into this market with a launch towards the end of next year, 2009. As a result of the successful U.S. launch, the continued shared gains outside of the U.S. and the recent improvements in the overall DES market, our DES franchise revenues this quarter outperformed our expectations with $305 million in combined sales. As a reminder, DES franchise sales include global XIENCE sales as well as other third party DES product revenues. This includes the royalty revenue we received from Medtronic on ENDEAVOR as well as revenue we received from Boston Scientific of course on sales of PROMUS. So as we look ahead to the forth quarter, we expect global vascular sales to continue to grow strong double digits. Now let me turn to our worldwide Diagnostics business where sales grew more than 15% this quarter, representing strong revenue growth in all three Diagnostic segments: core diagnostics, molecular diagnostics and point of care diagnostics. We saw double-digit growth both in the U.S. and internationally in our core diagnostics segment again this quarter. This was the result of continued strong growth of both our PRISM blood analyzer as well as our ARCHITECT immunochemistry system. We've launched new ARCHITECT systems including the i1000 for smaller labs and the c16000 for large labs. In the third quarter, Abbot submitted for U.S. FDA approval of our ARCHITECT core hepatitis test. Approval of the core test would complete our hepatitis B panel of tests in the U.S. and represent an important milestone in the expansion of ARCHITECT's automated hepatitis testing menu. Abbot submitted for FDA approval its PRISM HIVO Plus assay, a fully automated blood screening test designed to detect HIV-1, HIV-2 and HIV Group O and serum and plasma. This assay will further enhance the panel of screening tests in our highly successful Abbott PRISM blood screening instrument for the U.S. market. Also in the quarter, we announced plans to improve profitability in our core diagnostics business. These actions support our efforts to reduce overall costs, improve efficiencies and expand margins. We've seen improved margins already this year and expect that improvement to continue as we anticipate doubling profit and cash flow in this particular business over the next several years. In our point of care business, sales grew more than 15% in the third quarter. Growth was driven by strong sales across all segments as well as successful execution in both large U.S. hospitals and alternate site locations. Abbott's i-STAT analyzer is now used in one out of every three U.S. hospitals and in more than 500 emergency rooms. And in molecular diagnostics, sales this quarter increased more than 35%, driven by strong growth of both the m2000 and our Vysis products. In the U.S., we've submitted for FDA approval of our hepatitis B assay for the m2000. And outside of the U.S., we've received CE mark for the HPV assay on the m2000, which we planned to launch in Europe next month. So looking ahead to the fourth quarter in our worldwide Diagnostics businesses, we anticipate mid single-digit growth, which includes the impact of foreign exchange. In Diabetes Care, sales in the quarter increased more than 10% globally, driven by strong international sales and increasing adoption of our new no-calibration meters, FreeStyle Lite and FreeStyle Freedom Lite which eliminate the manual calibration step required by most glucose meters, improving convenience for those people living with diabetes. In the quarter, we saw positive share results from the promotional program we initiated last quarter and continued prescription share gains of our FreeStyle meters. In the U.S., sales growth this quarter were impacted by the comparison to the prior year and FreeStyle Lite launched. Adjusted for initial shipments for last year's launch, growth this quarter in the U.S. approached about 10%. Outside of the U.S., we continue to see strong growth internationally. In emerging markets, Abbott is the number two player and our sales are growing more than 20%. In the fourth quarter, we expect high single digit growth worldwide in Abbott Diabetes Care, which also includes the impact of foreign exchange. In our global nutritionals business, sales this quarter were up more than 14%, driven by more than 22% growth in international nutritionals. We continue to see double-digit growth across both pediatric and adult nutritional products internationally, particularly in emerging markets such as Latin America and Asia where population growth and improving economies are leading to increased demand for our high quality nutritional products. In the U.S., we recently launched Similac Advance EarlyShield, a new and improved formulation in a new and redesigned package. Developed to be more like breast milk, it's the first and only infant formula with a unique blend of prebiotics, nucleotides and antioxidants to improve a baby's immune system. In the fourth quarter, in our nutritionals business, we expect mid to high single-digit growth in the U.S. and continued double-digit growth, strong double-digit growth internationally. Turning now to our global pharmaceuticals business where sales in the third quarter increased nearly 17%, driven by more than 21% growth in international pharmaceuticals and nearly 13% growth in our U.S. business. Several key products drove performance this quarter. So let me start with immunology where worldwide HUMIRA sales this quarter were up 50% to $1.2 billion including 67% international growth. We're obviously very pleased with the results of our launch in the psoriasis market where we've exceeded expectations on a number of launch metrics. In less than eight months since our FDA approval for this indication, HUMIRA total prescription share has gained approximately 15 share points and is now approaching 30% total share. New prescription share now exceeds 30%. HUMIRA is now capturing nearly as many self injectable new to brand psoriasis patients as the market leader. And more than 4200 dermatologists have now written prescriptions for HUMIRA. Our early success in this market is based on differentiating clinical data. Data from the pivotal REVEAL study demonstrated that more than 70% of HUMIRA psoriasis patients achieved a 75% reduction in their symptoms and, quite frankly, a remarkable 20% of patients achieved a 100% reduction or complete clearance. During the quarter, we presented data from a sub-analysis of the REVEAL study demonstrated continued strong efficacy and safety of HUMIRA in psoriasis patients. The findings showed that HUMIRA works effectively irrespective of the patient's age, duration of disease, whether they have been diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis or have a recent history of systemic therapy. The data also showed continuous long-term therapy with HUMIRA is more effective than interrupted therapy. HUMIRA efficacy in both psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis compares favorably to existing agents or potential new mechanisms of action being investigated. Based on outstanding clinical data with HUMIRA and more than a decade of clinical experience, we are well positioned for continued success in the growing dermatology market. U.S. growth HUMIRA in all specialty segments, rheumatology, dermatology and gastroenterology continues to outpace the market, contributing the majority of growth... of market growth since January. In Crohn's, HUMIRA total prescription market share now exceeds 40% and our base RA business is also demonstrating consistent performance and is poised to take over the number two market share position by the end of this year. Internationally, HUMIRA secured the number one market share position in Australia recently and became the top selling pharmaceutical in Germany and was launched also in Japan where we received approval for RA during the second quarter. HUMIRA continues to represent a major growth driver for Abbott in the coming years with significant opportunity remaining in both the U.S. and international markets. Outside of the U.S., penetration rates are currently in the single digits for biologics in many of these disease categories. The global biologics market for all HUMIRA indications is now estimated to exceed $20 billion by the year 2012. Later this month, the American College of Rheumatology Meeting will present data regarding HUMIRA's ability to inhibit joint destruction out to five years in patients with early RA. As a reminder, we already have five year radiographic data in our label for established RA patients. HUMIRA is the only biologic with proven long-term radiographic inhibition data in both patient types. Based on the strong performance to date and the outlook for continued momentum with HUMIRA, we now expect full year 2008 global sales for HUMIRA of more than $4.4 billion. In our lipid management franchise, Abbott's growth in the dyslipidemia market continues to outpace the overall cholesterol market with double-digit growth of both Niaspan and TriCor. Niaspan sales were $194 million in the third quarter, up more than 16%. Currently, more than 1 million patients are on Niaspan therapy. TriCor sales in the quarter were $334 million, up 11%. During the quarter, we announced an agreement with AstraZeneca under which Abbot's TriCor sales force will co-promote CRESTOR in the U.S. This agreement represents a complement to Abbot's growing lipid management franchise and strategically positions the sales force with the TRILIPIX, CRESTOR fixed dose combination that is currently in late stage Phase III development. Over the past few years, we've taken a number of strategic steps to strengthen our position in the overall dyslipidemia marketplace. Our 2006 agreement with AstraZeneca to develop a fixed dose combination with CRESTOR, the acquisition of Kos and the development of TRILIPIX. We've established Abbot as a significant player with a portfolio uniquely positioned to address the growing need for adjunctive and combination therapies. So for the fourth quarter looking ahead, we continue to expect strong double-digit growth in our lipid franchise. Moving on to antivirals where Kaletra was up double digits worldwide in the quarter to $387 million, driven by continued success of the tablet launch in various international markets. And Lupron in the quarter had sales of $149 million, reflecting the first full quarter of sales following the conclusion of the TAP joint venture earlier this year. We expect a similar level of Lupron sales in the fourth quarter. So in summary, in pharmaceuticals, for the fourth quarter, we expect double-digit sales growth for our domestic pharmaceutical businesses and high single-digit growth internationally, which includes the impact of foreign exchange. Finally, our broad-based pipeline continues to be highly productive. As Tom mentioned, we had eight new regulatory approvals this year alone, including four approvals in our global pharmaceutical business and four approvals in medical products. This quarter we anticipate FDA approval of TRILIPIX, our next-generation fibrate. Once approved, TRILIPIX will be the first and only indicated for combination use with a statin. Our regulatory submission includes data from three combination studies along with the 52-week long-term open label extension study, all part of the largest clinical program to date designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a fibrate in combination with three major statins. Data from these studies demonstrate that TRILIPIX in combination with the three most commonly prescribed statins: LIPITOR, ZOCOR and CRESTOR improved HDL and triglycerides compared to statin therapy alone and significantly improve LDL compare to TRILIPIX alone. And importantly, combination therapy was well tolerated with reported safety similar to monotherapy. Also this quarter, we anticipate approval of our extended-release form of Vicodin. When approved, this product will be the first extended-release formulation of hydrocodone with acetaminophen. Vicodin is one of the most established treatments in pain medicine and is the most prescribed product in the U.S. with more than 100 million prescriptions written annually. With the ongoing productivity and success of our late stage pipeline, we're now focused on our early to mid-stage opportunities. In pharmaceuticals, we continue innovative research programs in our therapeutic areas of focus which include oncology, neuroscience, immunology and hepatitis. We have a number of unique compounds in development that represent truly novel science and, if successful, would result in significant advances in treatment for patients. We're also focused on expanding our medical products pipeline with new products and packaging in our nutritionals business, new diagnostic systems and tests and developments... significant developments in our pipeline for our Vascular business. We're working on a next-generation XIENCE DES platform to further improve deliverability, particularly in longer lengths. We're capitalizing on the proven clinical benefits of the XIENCE V polymer and drug, an improved stent and a delivery system. In addition, we are the market leader with our bioabsorbable drug-eluting stent that's in development. At TCT this week, we presented two year data from our ABSORB clinical trial that showed our drug-eluting fully bioabsorbable stent successfully treated coronary early disease and was absorbed within two years. Patients experienced no new major cardiac events and no stent thrombosis. And what's truly impressive for us is the trend in the data showed at two years a blood vessel moved and functioned like a normal blood vessel, a result that's not possible with metal-based implants. Abbott is the only company with long-term clinical data evaluating the safety and performance of fully bioabsorbable drug-eluting coronary stent. So in summary, we are very pleased with our strong and diversified performance this quarter with double-digit sales growth reported in each major global business and adjusted earnings growth of nearly 18% over the prior year. Our underlying businesses are strong, our core growth franchises are healthy and at the same time, we're investing to sustain this performance into 2009 and beyond. And so with that, we'll open up the call, operator, for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question this morning is from Larry Keusch, and please state your company name.
Lawrence Keusch: It's Goldman Sachs. Good morning guys.
Thomas C. Freyman: Good morning.
Lawrence Keusch: Hey Tom, as you made your comments and gave us some read through to your expectations for 2009, which is for double-digit earnings growth, could you just walk us through sort of what parts of the Abbott business you believe could be sensitive to a global slowing in GDP and what steps you might have available to you to offset any growth there to continue to ensure that you can get that double-digit growth?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, Larry, sure. When I talk about double-digit growth, it's really driven by the momentum we're seeing in all of these businesses. I mean if you go through the quarter, we're performing really across the board very well in all of our businesses. And that gives me a lot of confidence in our ability to continue to grow the earnings of this company in line with the investment identity we have and really the targets we've repeatedly stated. So fundamentals there are really just what's going on in the businesses and how well we're executing and really the portfolio of products we have to be able to deliver that kind of growth. I think Abbott... we have not seen anything to date on counting the economy and an impact on our business. In pharma, we're very specialty focused, and those are long-term chronic disease areas that are very immune to economic activity and we have very little exposure, as you know, to things like discretionary consumer products. So we haven't seen much and I think our business is going to be quite different than most because of the types of areas we do business in.
Lawrence Keusch: And Tom, just one of the growth drivers, that's been very nice and strong for you guys has been that international nutritional business. Again, how much exposure there is due to consumer if you look at some of those zone bars and other things that people might stop... not stop buying? I suspect it's pretty small overall.
Thomas C. Freyman: It's pretty much the same as what I said on the other businesses. First of all, I think any concern of economic slowdown is a little more U.S.-focused as I recall all the various economists and the like. International growth in these markets has continued to be very, very strong. And that one product you mentioned is a very, very minor product for us in the international market. So anyway, really, what's driving that is the base product, the pediatric nutritional, the adult nutritionals that people really see as more core to their essential as opposed to discretionary type items. So I think in that business as well and as we've forecasted '09 as we go through our reviews here, we continue to feel very good about the ability of these markets to grow and our products to continue to gain share and the fact these products are pretty resilient.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. And then one other question, which is as look at your cash balances, obviously lots of challenges out there in the credit markets. Could you just, for the benefit of all of us, just give us a sense of what that cash balance really is sitting in and perhaps any exposures to any securities within some of the subprime mortgages? And I guess along with that question is sort of how has your commercial paper funding been going? Are you getting access to that? And then John, just a quick clarification, the forth quarter sales guidance that you gave for growth, it sounded like that already included the impact of currency, but I just wanted to make sure I heard that correctly.
Thomas C. Freyman: On the credit market situation, as you know, we are very conservatively managed from a financial perspective. The deposits we have and the cash we have invested are in very, very high quality instruments. And we've even obviously become even more cautious in the last few months in terms of selecting where we put our money. We have absolutely no exposure to any of the types of exotic instruments that you talked about, and there is absolutely no issue there. And as a very strong credit [ph], we have been really unaffected by the turmoil in the credit markets. We've had no problems whatsoever issuing commercial paper at very attractive rates. And I think we are the type of credit, the way I read into this is we are the type of credit people are looking for in this type of market. And we've got a $4 billion essentially unused backup credit line. We have no plans and have not drawn anything on that because we have great access to the commercial paper market. So we are in great position from a credit perspective and have been really unaffected by the turmoil in the market.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay, excellent.
John B. Thomas: Yes, Larry, just to clarify, this is John. Yes, all the numbers and forecast that I gave for the fourth quarter include the impact of exchange, which, at this point, top of the house, corporate, we expect to be unfavorable, about 2%. So when we look at the total company and growth into the fourth quarter, we expect sales growth of low double-digits, that accounts for a roughly 2% unfavorable impact from exchange.
Lawrence Keusch: Excellent. Thanks very much guys.
John B. Thomas: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Weinstein, and please state your company name.
Michael Weinstein: Thank you, it's JPMorgan. A few questions. Just wanted to clarify on the pipeline. First, you seem relatively confident in the near-term approvals for Vicodin CR and TRILIPIX. Can you comment on when you think you'll have this submission into a combination of TRILIPIX plus CRESTOR?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, we talked about that being a later, next year, second half '09.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And that's... so the assumption is still a back half of '09 event?
Thomas C. Freyman: Correct. Yes. And if that changes, I'll let you know. Obviously, we like to be conservative when we give our forecast. So we'll see. We're moving along nicely.
Michael Weinstein: Let me push you just for a minute on... make sure I understand some the numbers you ran off, Tom, on the fourth quarter and full year updated guidance. You mentioned $125 million of other income. Was that... that was for the fourth quarter, right?
Thomas C. Freyman: That's correct.
Michael Weinstein: And what is that attributable to? Where does that comes from?
Thomas C. Freyman: That is all the payments from Takeda associated with the TAP wind down. As we've said at the beginning of the year, we went from a joint venture income situation and income in the... I don't know... north of $350 million to this approach where we're taking payments from Takeda associated with Prevacid and pipeline products. And that number in the fourth quarter would bring us pretty close to the full year number we've been taking about all along. We are actually a little bit higher because the performance has been a little better than we conservatively forecasted. So that's entirely due to the TAP activity.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And then, so if I think about you're changing your guidance, you're raising your guidance here for the full year, it would look to me like you're still being on the conservative end. The R&D tax credit, so if we start with $3.24 to $3.28, which is where you were, the R&D tax credit would seem to add $0.03, the other income would appear to add $0.04. So even without the beat from this quarter, you would seem to already be at or even pushing above the high-end of your old guidance and so what's [ph] the beat from this quarter?
Thomas C. Freyman: Let me clarify a couple of things there, Mike. R&D tax credit $0.02 to $0.03, something like that. We'll see exactly what the number comes in when we close out the year. The TAP... the other income has always been part of our forecast. That's not really an add to our previous guidance. That's consistent with our previous guidance. So it's pretty much seeing the momentum in the business from the third quarter, flowing that through. The R&D tax credit is helping in the fourth quarter. But overall, it's a better, certainly a better fourth quarter forecast than we provided back in the second quarter even adjusted for the R&D tax credits.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. So you had that 125 of other income. We did not, but you did.
Thomas C. Freyman: Absolutely, not [indiscernible]. Yes, at the beginning, we've provided that full year number and, as I... as we've said all along, it's a little bumpier than the income from the TAP joint venture. We've been forecasting the quarterly amount somewhat conservatively. But if you add up all the quarters on that, it's very consistent with our guidance.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, last question. On the share authorization which you announced I think on Monday, when does your window open up post the quarter just start to act again on your buyback?
Thomas C. Freyman: Shortly after the quarter. Once obviously the news from today's earnings is out and absorbed by the market, we can move forward at any time we choose.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Great, thanks Tom.
Thomas C. Freyman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rick Wise, and please state your company name.
Frederick Wise: Good morning, it's Rick Wise, Leerink Swann.
Thomas C. Freyman: Good morning.
Frederick Wise: Good morning Tom. A couple of... let me hit on some pharma questions. First of all, if I remember correctly, second quarter saw some inventory destocking dragging on pharma sales, if I remember, particularly HUMIRA. Did... was there any offset or rebound in third quarter as wholesalers rebuilt inventory?
Thomas C. Freyman: No. I mean if you look at the script data on HUMIRA, it's pretty consistent with that plus a modest amount of price. So if you take those two things, it was growing. The last monthly script data showed we're growing in the low to mid 20s... or 30s, excuse me.
Frederick Wise: Okay. HUMIRA, obviously a major growth driver, and I was struck, John, by your commentary. I think you were saying the global biologic market $20 billion, emphasizing I assume a lot of opportunity for growth for HUMIRA. But there is competition looming. We all listen to J&J highlight ustekinumab for psoriasis, golimumab for RA. Just in general, does new competition or the very size of HUMIRA slow HUMIRA growth as we look out over the next couple of years? Or are you optimistic that the new indications and the under penetration in the inhibitor [ph] market continued growth roughly current levels? So just any perspective would be welcome.
John B. Thomas: Sure. Obviously, with HUMIRA now being on the market and having more than 10 years of data, all the data that we've showed and have demonstrated with HUMIRA in all these different indications, it's clearly now the best-in-class TNF inhibitor considered the gold standard, and it's growing at a very nice rate. We expect growth to continue strongly over our five year long range plan. So there is significant growth opportunity with the product that accounts for market growth that accounts for further penetration and launch of these products in different countries. There is new competition, as you noted. That's all accounted for in that outlook. All these products have different challenges. They have a place in the market. For different reasons, they're either IV formed products that have limited convenience and/or don't have the efficacy or safety that HUMIRA has and be so probably reserved for salvage or backup therapy, or they have other limitations. And I think in particular the competitive product that is in the FDA's review right now for self injectable does not provide any really additional clinical efficacy benefit from what we've seen with HUMIRA. In fact, our scores of HUMIRA, the ACR scores, are actually better than this particular product. And obviously, you've got a longer track record of safety and most importantly, five year radiographic progression data in the label, which is very important. So if you look at the normal patterns of pharmaceutical launches, products that are fourth, to fifth or sixth to market that do not offer any clinical advantages typically have a limited place in the market. So on the other hand, that promotional effort into the market in helping educate patients and physicians will probably help sustain market growth. Because we're not seeing a whole lot of that from our primary competitor this year, we are having to do a lot of that ourselves. So that's the other side of that coin. So I'd say overall growth of HUMIRA factors in these different competitors, none of which offer any advantages that HUMIRA doesn't already have.
Frederick Wise: Okay. Two last quick ones. J&J highlighted their... said that DES prices have declined 3% sequentially in United States yesterday. Just wondering what you're seeing in pricing environment? Is it that bad or... and second, you highlighted the diagnostic restructuring. Operating margins, I recall, now are in the upper single digits. Where can they go over the next couple of years? I assume this is an important driver of continued margin expansion at Abbott?
John B. Thomas: Yes, let me take you're first question and then I'll let Tom talk about diagnostic margin expansion. So pricing actually from the data that we have in our own market data as well third party data continues to show that the leading products, which is obviously now the XIENCE platform, XIENCE / PROMUS prices being maintained at a very high level. And this is a premium price product because it has the best data out there. As we've talked about before, no other product has shown superiority and all the other attributes that we've talked about that make it so appealing to interventional cardiologists. So actually the price of both XIENCE and PROMUS has been well maintained, average price in the market around that 2000 to 2100 in that range. So I can't speak for some other competitive products. We don't have the most recent shared data and price information on I think the product you're talking about from one of our competitors. So I don't have any indications, or we don't have any indications that there has been any major price play in this marketplace. But I don't have the most current information. There is always pockets of discounting that go on, but certainly nothing significant. Price has been well maintained and most importantly, I think the market is growing again with DES penetration now in the 71%-72% range. PCI volume has moved up nicely to the mid single digits here in the last data point that we have. So it's an expanding market, XIENCE obviously doing extremely well, already the leading product and a lot of growth still left with the platform as we go out into next year, so.
Thomas C. Freyman: I'll take the ADD question there, Rick. As you mentioned, we were in the high single digits in the segment in '07. Already in the first three quarters of the year, you are seeing that op margin move into the low double-digit area. And in the third quarter, you will see in the Q when it comes out that we continue to be in that area. So we're making very nice progress within the division in terms of profitability improvement program. And we've talked about with all the things that are working on there, basically doubling the profitability of this business over the next four or five years. And we would expect that to move into the mid to upper teens from an op margin perspective out in that timeframe. I think it'll be a little bit slower progress in '09 just because they're going through a lot of the product transfers and the like that year. But certainly, it will accelerate beyond '09. So things are looking very good in terms of op margins within diagnostics.
Frederick Wise: Sounds good. Thanks Tom, thanks John.
John B. Thomas: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Lewis, and please state your company name.
David Lewis: Morgan Stanley. Good morning.
John B. Thomas: Good morning.
David Lewis: Few quick questions here John. First of all, on Depakote, obviously, a little better than our expectation. Is this simply a matter of timing or are we seeing anymore stickiness in either ER or epilepsy proper [ph]
John B. Thomas: Actually, Dep... just to reground everybody, Depakote is a product that... one form of the product that accounts for about 50%, a little more than 50% of the total sales, went generic July 29th as expected. This was in our plans and in our forecasts for all of our growth expectations for this year and next. That's tracking right in line with our expectations for the quarter. So the U.S. sales for the third quarter were $254 million, and that was pretty much as we expected. So we'll go into next year. That's accounted for in the double-digit growth outlook that Tom mentioned earlier in his comments for 2009. That is already anticipated, the effect of that next year.
David Lewis: Okay And John as well, on DES strategy, when shifting from the third to fourth, it seems as if on initial launch both parties sort of played nice with Boston focusing more on TAXUS accounts, perhaps Abbott going more after CYPHER accounts. Do you see any material changes in sort of sales force strategy and distribution from third heading into the fourth quarter?
John B. Thomas: No, really, we're in the enviable position I guess of taking share from everybody. Clearly, we've taken a significant amount from CYPHER. And as you note, we've seen Boston Scientific cannibalizing a lot of their own TAXUS business with PROMUS. But we're taking a fair amount of share across the board from all three of the major players including ENDEAVOR. We expect that to continue as we move into the fourth quarter and we expect DES sales as we go through the fourth quarter to maintain at this rate in terms of moving up steadily and share moving up steadily. We gained about two share points as we moved from August to September, and we're moving more towards that 30% XIENCE only share point in the market in the U.S. and we're in a good path to get there.
David Lewis: Okay. And then I guess two quick ones here for Tom. Tom, when we think about leverage in the business, given the trends we are seeing in HUMIRA and obviously XIENCE is going to probably approach peak margins faster than we thought, I think you've historically talked about margins won't back up '09 [ph] heading into 2010 real inflection in the middle part of the P&L or broader corporate leverage. Any changes to sort of that outlook given what you're seeing in the core business?
Thomas C. Freyman: No, I mean as I've talked about, the last several years have been a period of building up funding levels to be sure we were competitive in all our markets. And we actually have seen SG&A go up as a percentage of sales. And 2008 was a critical year for that given all the product launches we have and it was very important to spend appropriately to be sure those products went to market properly. But starting in '09, we continue to believe that there will start to be some leverage in the SG&A area because, to your point, the key products are growing very nicely and we're at competitive levels and we really think the sales will go up faster than the SG&A.
David Lewis: And one quick leverage question following Rick's question on diagnostics. The improvement in profitability is not surprising. I guess what's surprising is the ability to improve profitability with growth still staying strictly [ph] slight above industry averages. Is it possible that you could take up margins in diagnostics and still maintain above market growth rates?
Thomas C. Freyman: Certainly, I think that's possible. As I have talked about in the last year or so, the focus of the division has been much more on profitability and cash flow than it has been on growth. But a bp, two, we've been pleasantly, pleasantly surprised with the excellent execution across that business on the commercial side as they focused them in these cost areas. And it seems like they have done a really good job doing both. And as John mentioned, products like PRISM have done very well. So I think there is even more to be optimistic about in terms to the performance of that business going forward.
David Lewis: Great. Thanks for the color. Thank you very much.
Thomas C. Freyman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phil Nalbone, and please state your company name.
Phillip Nalbone: Hi, RBC Capital Markets. Good morning.
John B. Thomas: Good morning.
Phillip Nalbone: My first question relates to the expected uses of cash. Obviously, the $5 billion share repurchase program is considerably bigger than what we have been accustomed to from Abbott in recent years. Does this in any way a signal of change in management's thinking about how it will return cash to shareholders and just talk little bit about what your intentions are regarding the dividend going forward and other uses of cash? And the final part of that is whether the declines that we've seen in healthcare asset values in recent months, whether that tempts to you to be any more aggressive on the M&A front than you might have been in the past?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes. Thanks Phil. The $5 billion repurchase authorization is larger, quite a bit larger than what we've done in the past. And that really is a statement to our shareholders that we have a long-term commitment along with strong dividend payouts and an ongoing share repurchase program return a lot of cash to shareholders. And the $5 billion is certainly a longer term perspective. One thing the timing of that allowed us to do is to take advantage of what is clearly a great buying opportunity right now in terms of our own share price. And we can be a little more flexible in the short run to either at a bare minimum accelerate what we would have done over the next year or two and bring some of it forward at much more attractive prices and either take more shares out or use less dollars to do it. So it's really reflective of our long-term commitment and not really reflective of a fundamental shift in our strategy in terms of the cash utilization. It continues to be the same. We value an increasing dividend, we have a high dividend payout, we have ongoing sale repurchase programs, we have been bringing debt down a little bit in the... quite a bit actually in the last couple of quarters. So we've been using some cash for that. So it's a nice balance and we're in a very, very good position from a cash flow perspective. Regarding M&A, certainly, some of the assets out there are quite more attractive from a price perspective. But I don't think that fundamentally alters the motivation. When you are looking at a business long term, you've got to be sure there is a payback and it's a market you want to participate in at a more attractive price than might be a slightly better return. But I don't think it fundamentally changes a decision whether to do an acquisition or not.
Phillip Nalbone: Great. Thanks Tom. And following up on some of the operating margin improvement questions so far, I think one of the most intriguing opportunities is obviously in the Vascular division. Can you talk about where that division's level of profitability is right now? Are we in kind of the second or the fourth inning in terms of what that could contribute in terms of operating margin improvement?
John B. Thomas: I think we're in the second batter, but I'll let Tom answer that.
Thomas C. Freyman: You will see in the segment information we've put in our Q that Vascular really had a great quarter from a profitability perspective. It's into the double digits. And as we've talked about, with the volume and the sales growth obviously and the volume running through our facilities, we expect very significant improvements in profitability in 2009. This is a major contributor to our growth. And even in 2009, we think we're going to be approaching the 20% level in terms of operating profitability, which is a good step on the way to even doing better. So there is a long way to go there and we're going to see a lot of benefit in 2009.
Phillip Nalbone: Great. Well, batter up. Last question and I'll leave you alone for now. To what degree, if any, does your Q4 outlook depend on the approvals or launches of TRILIPIX or Vicodin CR, and to what degree are you confident about those approvals in the fourth quarter?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, I mean as we indicated, we continue to expect fourth quarter approvals of those... both of those products to be never good to be too aggressive in your financial planning. And we're really not dependent on the precise timing of those within the fourth... to define during the quarter.
Phillip Nalbone: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions is from Bruce Nudell, and please state your company name.
Bruce Nudell: UBS. Thanks for taking my question. Could you gentlemen provide a little elucidation about economic sensitivity, specifically with regards to the biologics which are, as you know, expensive? What about the... is it something about the insurance profile or the lack of deductibles that gives you the confidence to think that the U.S. market could kind of continue unabated next year?
John B. Thomas: Sure. Well, obviously, the most important thing is having a great product with terrific clinical efficacy that makes a dramatic difference in patients' lives. And if you know anybody who has got RA or serious psoriasis, which I'm sure you probably do, knowing you and how connected you are, that you can tell that the benefits are dramatic. You go from basically changing a person's life from a crippling disease to preventing that type of joint destruction that leads to that kind of incapacity, psoriasis the same way. When you're talking about complete skin clearance for what is a pretty terrible and sometimes embarrassing disease, that's important. And then Crohn's also an insidious disease where you're changing someone's life. And I don't think that people often appreciate that side of it that in many cases some of these diseases can lead to not only debilitating aspects, but also death in some cases. So you've got to have a very good product that makes a difference in people's lives, and that's what we have with HUMIRA, which is why the demand for it has been so strong. There are... these are expensive drugs. They are difficult to manufacture. And because of that, we try to do what we can on the patient side in terms of different programs, patients' assistance programs that will help certain economically disadvantaged patients with those co-pays and things that might be difficult for them to pay. So we do what we can there to help them. But overall, it's really about changing the nature of this disease, the incident rates of the disease, the penetration rates and the overall profile globally of the product. So with all those things set together, we expect there will be continued strong demand for HUMIRA over the next several years at a minimum.
Bruce Nudell: And I have a couple of follow ups. Just quickly with regards to TRILIPIX, you've been very successful historically with managing the TriCor brand, going forward is the primary strategy, you're going to have the compatibility of TRILIPIX with statins and the lack of side effect profile with that drug in the label or might you consider actually removing TriCor from the market?
John B. Thomas: Well TRILIPIX does offer some significant advantages versus the older form of the product including TriCor. Recall that when we started out with this program, we had a plan to optimally design a compound that could be used in combination with statins safely and effectively. That was the goal. We set out, we found a molecule here. This is a different... it's a base form, but it's different, it's fenofibric acid which is designed for safe and effective use with combination with statins. And that's what we showed in the three large clinical studies that were shown earlier this year. So we've got over 2700 patients in those trials. We've demonstrated that in combination with those patterns you can have a dramatic impact on the outcome. And that's the most important thing we showed you can double the reduction in drugs, you can double the improvement in HDL the good cholesterol, and you can improve LDL all at the same time versus taking TriCor alone and or taking Niaspan alone. So, and the safety was good, so you've got all of those aspects together, and so we will launch the TRILIPIX will TriCor on the market and we'll see how it goes and evaluate our options going forward.
Bruce Nudell: Great. And my final questions change [ph]. As we have a very large number for your inflammatory franchise in 2012 north of $8 billion, almost $9 billion could you sort of scale for us the impact that, that might have on a basis point level for the operating margin in the pharma division. We have a tremendously in insurance [ph] drug everybody don't know what it is, the SG&A should be going down and manufacturing efficiency should be coming up. Could you hazard any sort of gas?
Thomas C. Freyman: Pretty hard to go out that far, but I think you've got the right turns that there, I mean this is a profitable product, that the ongoing SG&A investment is relatively stable and as volume goes down it should help the profitability of that business, so it's pretty hard to go out there as far in terms of really quantifying exactly what it means but directionally I think you're right.
Bruce Nudell: Thank so much.
John B. Thomas: Thank you, operator. We'll take... I think we have time for maybe two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Larry Biegelsen, and please state you're company name.
Larry Biegelsen: Wachovia. Thanks for taking my question. At first, John, I think you're close to your 12 months post launch XIENCE goal, almost like three months post launch. I think your goal was 25% to 30%. Is that still your goal or are you going to increase that goal?
John B. Thomas: Well, that's an excellent question. We have a high class problem here. We had it pretty early, didn't we? So it's... XIENCE is doing exceptionally well as you know. We've already hit that goal. If you look at the latest market share data, we're in the mid to high 20s for XIENCE only share in the U.S. already. We do expect some steady improvement as I mentioned in that share. And hopefully we can get that closer to 30% or so as we exit the year. So we're not updating that guidance right now, but obviously we're doing better than our expectations. The platform has done exceptionally well as you know and is more than 50% of the overall market. I would say at this point we expect growth to continue next year, and this is going to be a significant product for us and we benefit from sales as well. So the platform is doing well, it will be larger next year, and we're obviously very pleased with that.
Larry Biegelsen: Great. Could you tell us what SIMCOR sales were in the quarter? And based on the prescription data, it looks like in some of your earlier comments that SIMCOR hasn't met your expectations I think originally of 100 million in '08. What are you doing to improve its performance and can you remind us of the timing of the 40 milligram dose and the low flush version there? And I just have one quick one after that.
John B. Thomas: Sure. Yes, SIMCOR, given the market dynamics that we've seen in the lipid market, it's below what we modeled initially. But again, we're seeing more benefit with Niaspan. Niaspan is doing better than we expected. And as we sell SIMCOR, we're selling the Niaspan molecule too. So we've seen Niaspan do well, we've seen TriCor do well. Niaspan sales in a quarter were up more than 16%. So I think it's really just a function of the trajectory. The curve has pushed back a little bit probably given the market dynamics, given ENHANCE [ph] and these various things that have affected, at least temporarily, how physicians and patients are viewing that. But it's still a great product as you know with strong clinical profile and we're working on a low flush form and that as well and... but there is no specific timeline I can offer at this point. So we continue to work on that. We expect the product to be a healthy sized product for us longer term. And in the meantime, our overall lipid franchise continues to do better than the market.
Larry Biegelsen: And the 30 milligram dose, John, I mean in the past, I think you were targeting 2009 launch, 40 milligrams I think about half of the simvastatin prescriptions today.
John B. Thomas: Yes, I don't have specific information on the 40 milligram. I'll have to get back to you on that just to get a more recent update on that, Larry.
Larry Biegelsen: Okay And just lastly, pediatric nutritionals in the U.S. was a little weaker than we expected and adult was stronger. Was there anything unusual in those line items?
John B. Thomas: Yes, the only thing I would note is the comp issue really year-over-year for pediatric. We had big WIC accounts last year that impacted the overall year-over-year growth, but still strong.
Thomas C. Freyman: And we are seeing very nice execution on some of the branded products in the domestic nutrition business on the adult side. And we've really picked up some share and grown the market and we are seeing some pretty nice results there.
John B. Thomas: Yes. And as I mentioned in my remarks too, Larry, recall, we've got a new package out. I don't know if you have babies, but it's a very consumer friendly package with a lot of new ingredients that are specially designed for boosting the immune system. So that's off to a real strong start. There is a lot of promotional effort behind that Ty Pennington from the TV fame is part of that program, and you can see all that on the website. So it's going pretty well. I think we have time --
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks a lot.
John B. Thomas: Thanks Larry. We have time for one more question, operator.
Operator: Our final question this morning is from Sara Michelmore, and please state your company name.
Sara Michelmore: Yes, Cowen and Company. Thanks for taking the question.
John B. Thomas: Good morning.
Sara Michelmore: Let me go back to this TAP other income issue if I could. Tom, there's been a lot of variability in the three quarters that you're booking this this year. And I'm just wondering as you go out to 2009, should we think about that being similarly up and down or volatile. And if you could just give us a sense for how much visibility you have into the quarterly fluctuations.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well we have very good visibility. I mean it's basically, we know how the on-market products at Takeda Corp. [ph] are doing, and we're aware of the development milestone activities. And as I have said more than once, as we look at those, we've been pretty conservative in forecasting those activities. And the reason for the variability is these modest milestones have come from time to time and we just have to report... forecast them on a quarterly basis. As you recall in the second quarter, we actually had one happen earlier than we thought and we had higher results. So there will be a degree of variability. A little of that will continue in 2009. But again, we'll forecast conservatively and try to give you our best estimate of when they are going to occur so that you can do the appropriate modeling.
John B. Thomas: Yes. And Sara, I think I would add to that that we're... we forecasted this when we split apart evenly the TAP joint venture. This was all in the pull apart and our forecast for the year. So this is very consistent with what we've said from the beginning.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And in nutritionals, can you give us a status update on the Singapore manufacturing facility, when will that be on line and what should we expect in terms of how that could impact us, the costs and returns of that business?
Unidentified Company Representative: That project has gone extremely well. It should be online in the first part of 2009, going through the final stages now. It will be a very... a much more convenient way to supply the Asian market, which currently we're supplying in of our European facilities. So, that's between the cost of materials and freight in the like [ph]. It will be a nice enhancement for the profile there. It won't be a major mover, but it's just capacity we needed to supply the very strong demand for these product with some efficiencies and it just is a much more convenient to the markets.
Sara Michelmore: And as such, tax advantage as well, Tom?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And lastly, I [indiscernible] what you guys are assuming in terms of whether or not that products are need to scheduled?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, we're still on our goal and we're hoping it's a schedule free product, but that's up to the FDA. And, whether it schedule 2, or Schedule 3, we think it can be a significant product given all the things that discussed in my comments. It's a large market, it's a well-known brand, it's a trusted brand that bring around the long time. This product offers some pretty unique benefits in terms of the dosing frequency down to one to two tablets a day and sustained blood levels and so forth. So, whether it's two or three, it should be a significant product. There are some products that are too they have done quite well. Obviously our goal would be to have a three but we're still expecting an approval here in the fourth quarter.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. Thank you.
John B. Thomas: Thanks a lot. And that concludes our conference call. A replay of the call will be available after 11 AM Central today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com, and after 11 AM Central Time via telephone at 203-369-3520, confirmation code is 5567553. The audio replay will be available until 4 PM next Wednesday, October 22nd. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded by Abbott with the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John B. Thomas: Thanks. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer. Tom will review the second quarter results and I will discuss the business operating highlights. Following our comments, we'll take any questions that you have. Some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in item 1A, risk factors, to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as we do in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas C. Freyman: Thanks John, and good morning. Today we are pleased to announce that Abbott reported a stronger than expected second quarter with diluted earnings per share of $0.84, which is $0.05 above the midpoint of our previous guidance range of $0.78 to $0.80. The $0.84 represents EPS growth of nearly 22%. Approximately half of this outperformance can be attributed to higher sales growth across our diverse mix of businesses and geography and a higher gross margin ratio of 58.4%. The remainder relates to higher than forecasted other income, reflecting higher ongoing payments from Takeda this quarter following the conclusion of the TAP joint venture. Sales for the quarter were also strong at $7.3 billion, an increase of nearly 15% ahead of our previous forecast. Based on our first half results, we're very pleased with the performance of the company, as well as the outlook for the remainder of the year and into 2009, when we expect to again deliver double-digit earnings per share growth. So this morning, before I provide my usual remarks, I want to spend a few minutes putting these strong results and first half accomplishments into context what our outperformance means in the short-term and over the longer-term. In the near term, we're raising our full-year ongoing earnings per share guidance range to $3.24 to $3.28. The midpoint of this higher guidance range represents EPS growth of approximately 15%. At the same time we're raising EPS guidance. We're in a position where we can selectively increase our investment spending this year to support the performance of our most important products particularly in those businesses where we disproportionately benefit from market growth. The work we've been doing over the last several years to build and reshape Abbott as an even stronger and more durable growth company with sustainable growth businesses and a diversified base of earnings does clearly hang off. We've positioned the company to afford the right balance on delivering top-tier double-digit earnings growth while investing to sustain growth into 2009 and beyond. As we assess our performance mid-year, we're also very pleased with the company's consistent level of execution, particularly in the area of clinical and regulatory development where we've met or exceeded our timeline for regulatory submissions and approvals in virtually every case. What our management team has bet it would do, it's done. And what we've said would be approved, has been approved. This year that list includes eight major new products and indications in the first half alone across medical devices, biologics, diagnostics and pharmaceuticals. Our goal is to provide our investors consistency and durability. I believe we've achieved that over the last several years as we've delivered on our commitments in terms of financial performance, strategic actions and regulatory submissions and approvals. We fully expect this type of performance to continue in the future. So with that, let me turn to provide an overview of our performance in the second quarter, as well as our outlook for the second half of the year. Sales this quarter increased nearly 15% including a favorable 5.9% effective exchange rate with some modest sales of Lupron in the U.S. Results were strong across each of our global businesses with Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostics, Vascular and Nutritional, all contributing double-digit sales growth, with particularly strong performance in international markets. We also saw a good performance from our key growth drivers including HUMIRA, which was up nearly 50% worldwide and our lipid franchise, which again outpaced the market. John will discuss these in more detail in his review of the business operating highlights. SG&A expense as adjusted increased more than 16%, reflecting investment spending across the businesses in part to support the launches of new products and indications. R&D increased almost 9% with continued investment in our broadbased pipeline with early to mid-stage opportunities across a number of therapeutic areas including oncology, immunology, hepatitis C, neuroscience and our bioabsorbable stent program. The adjusted gross margin ratio in the quarter was 58.4% up 40 basis points from the prior year and up 160 basis points sequentially from the first quarter reflecting improved business and product mix. The other income line of the P&L as adjusted was $163 million. This was related to ongoing payments from Takeda following the conclusion of the TAP joint venture. While in the quarter this was a little more than $60 million above our previous projections, our full-year forecast for these ongoing payments remains approximately $300 million. The tax rate this quarter was 22.3%, slightly higher than our forecasted rate. The tax rate for the first half of 2008 was 21% in line with our previous forecast and our outlook for the full-year rate. Now let's turn to the outlook for the remainder of 2008. Today, we are raising both our full-year forecast for sales growth and earnings per share. As I mentioned, we now expect full-year 2008 earnings per share of $3.24 to $3.28, the midpoint of which reflects growth of approximately 15%. And we now expect mid-teens sales growth for the full year.  We're also forecasting an increase in our level of investment spending as we've identified a number of areas to drive future growth. As a result, full-year SG&A is expected to increase approximately 15%. We continue to forecast a gross margin ratio of approximately 58% for the full year. And as I indicated, we're forecasting the other income line of the P&L at approximately $300 million for the full year related to payments from Takeda. Regarding the tax rate, we are confirming our forecasts for a full-year rate of around 21%. Now let's turn to our outlook for the third quarter. For the first time we're providing earnings per share guidance of $0.76 to $0.78, the midpoint of which reflects growth of approximately 15%. Let me walk you through some of the key P&L line items and as we forecast them for the third quarter. We expect sales growth in the mid-teens, R&D up high single-digits, SG&A up mid-teens, other income of approximately $75 million and a tax rate of around 21%. We forecast the gross margin ratio for the second half of the year at around 58%, consistent with our previous forecast. The ratio is expected to be between 57% and 57.5% in the third quarter and around 59% in the fourth quarter. This is consistent with the pattern you saw in 2007 with a relatively lower third quarter and relatively higher fourth. So in summary, as we look at the second quarter, we are very pleased with the performance of our diverse businesses. We reported stronger than expected sales growth approaching 15%, EPS that beat our original guidance and we raised our earnings per share guidance range for the full year with a midpoint reflecting growth of 15%. We're also very pleased to have concluded the TAP joint venture and to receive FDA approval of XIENCE V, which represents a major event in patient care. Certainly the favorable trends of the business give us even more confidence as we look towards the future. Given these factors, we continue to expect double-digit earnings per share growth in 2009 and over the next several years. With that, let's turn to the business operating highlights. John?
John B. Thomas: Thanks, Tom. This morning I'll review the quarterly performance of our major business segments, Pharmaceuticals, Nutritionals, and Medical Products, including Diabetes Care, Diagnostics, and Abbott Vascular. So let me start with our medical products businesses, where sales increased 14.7%. In our Vascular business, global sales were driven by 35% growth internationally as we continue to gain market share with our drug-eluting stent, XIENCE V. The XIENCE PROMUS platform is now the market leader in Western Europe surpassing Endeavor, Cypher and Taxus. As a result, in the second quarter, our global DES franchise sales, which include XIENCE, as well as other third-party DES product revenues were $125 million, more than double over the prior-year quarter, and up 25% sequentially from the first quarter. As a reminder, our DES franchise sales include XIENCE PROMUS and the Medtronic royalty. Following the FDA approval two weeks ago today, Abbott's Vascular sales force immediately began launching XIENCE in the U.S. We're pleased to bring this superior product offering to market providing a new alternative to the approximately 13 million U.S patients who have coronary artery disease. XIENCE is a true next generation drug-eluting stent with superior performance and durable clinical benefits. With XIENCE, physicians retain the best-in-class deliverability they've become accustomed to with our market-leading MULTI-LINK vision bare metal stent system which, as you probably know, has a more than 60% share in the U.S. While we are in the early days of the U.S. XIENCE launch, we're very pleased with our progress to date. The anecdotal feedback has been extremely positive and demand is, quite frankly, better than expected. XIENCE is clearly the preferred product of interventional cardiologists based on its clinical data and other distinct performance attributes. Our goal within the first 30 days of launch is to penetrate the majority of accounts that represent a significant percentage of total U.S. procedure volume. So, although its still very early, based on the first two weeks of launch we are right on track with our weekly launch goals, if not ahead. Looking at the DES market broadly, we continue to see steady improvement. U.S. PCI volumes continued to improve on a sequential quarterly basis and U.S. DES penetration is now in the high 60% range. We priced XIENCE to recognize the fair and appropriate value of the product, including its superior clinical data, improving premium attributes. As a reminder, the U.S. launch of XIENCE is supported by outstanding clinical data. XIENCE is the first and only drug-eluting stent that demonstrates superiority over the market-leading DES in two randomized controlled clinical trials. XIENCE robust clinical program includes long-term data from the more than 1,300 patients enrolled in SPIRIT I, SPIRIT II and SPIRIT III trials, as well as the continued access and post-approval programs. Last week we began enrolling our XIENCE V USA post-approval study, which will evaluate patients over the course of five years. This study will allow physicians to further review the safety and efficacy of XIENCE V in a more complex patient population and continue to gain experience using the product. Two-year data from our larger 1,000 patient U.S. pivotal trial SPIRIT III which we presented at EuroPCR in May demonstrated the sustained efficacy and safety of XIENCE. Patients treated with XIENCE experienced better long-term clinical outcomes, and lower rates of stent thrombosis from patients treated with TAXUS. And we're seeing the differences between XIENCE and TAXUS increasing over time. At two years in SPIRIT III, XIENCE demonstrated the following results, a clinically superior 45% reduction in the risk of major adverse cardiac events or MACE, a clinically superior 32% reduction in target vessel failure or TVF and a low rate of very late stent thrombosis between one and two years for the ARC definition. Also in the second quarter, we received approval for XIENCE in South Korea and submitted a marketing authorization license for XIENCE in Japan. The application for Japan included safety data from the SPIRIT III clinical trial, including data from a Japanese patient population.  Were forecasting a XIENCE launch in Japan, at this time in the second half of 2009.  Also in the quarter, we launched StarClose SE, our next generation vessel closure device, and we did that worldwide. StarClose SE builds upon the premium clip-based design of its predecessor, StarClose with improved ease of use features. So, as we look ahead to the third quarter, we expect global Vascular sales to grow very strong double-digits as we continue to gain share with XIENCE and build on the successful early U.S. launch. We expect DES franchise sales to nearly double again from the second quarter to approximately $225 to $250 million in the third quarter. Let me turn now to our worldwide Diagnostics business, where sales grew more than 17% in the quarter with continued strong growth in our international business.  We saw 16% growth in our Core Diagnostic segment this quarter. This included double-digit growth in the U.S. and internationally. ARCHITECT sales were up double-digits worldwide, as we continue to improve the menu in the United States and introduce new systems. We recently launched the ARCHITECT i1000 immuno assay instrument for lower volume labs. Early customer feedback for the i1000 has been positive as we have already placed more than 200 instruments into the market. Well showcase the i1000 and other ARCHITECT instruments at the upcoming American Association of Clinical Chemistry or AACC on July 27 to the 31 in Washington, DC. Strong PRISM sales helped drive U.S. performance in the quarter as well as customers added the higher highly anticipated HTLV test for their instruments.  Emerging markets continue to represent a promising opportunity for future growth in our Core Diagnostic business, as we saw a double-digit growth this quarter in both Latin America and China. Efforts to improve profitability continue to be a significant focus in our Core Diagnostics business, as we evaluate ongoing opportunities to reduce overall costs and continue to improve efficiencies. We're encouraged by the early outcomes of our efforts and anticipate continued margin improvement in that division in the years ahead. In our Point of Care business, sales grew nearly 20% in the quarter. Growth was driven by strong cardiac cartridge sales and further penetration of our CHEM 8 test, which received acclaim for broader use last year. And in Molecular Diagnostics, sales this quarter increased more than 25%. Placements for our m2000 Real-Time PCR system were up worldwide. In the quarter, we received CE Mark for a hepatitis C genotyping assay, further expanding our infectious disease menu on the m2000. We also plan to launch an HPV test for the m2000 internationally by year-end. In the U.S., we recently received approval for a Chlamydia Gonorrhea PCR test and have ongoing clinical trials for hepatitis C and B assays. In the quarter, we made an equity investment in Ibis, a subsidiary of Isis, for the development of a new cutting edge molecular diagnostics technology for the future. So, looking ahead to the third quarter, in our worldwide diagnostics businesses we anticipate continued double-digit growth. In diabetes care, sales increased more than 9% globally in the quarter, driven by strong international sales and increasing adoption of our new no-calibration meters, FreeStyle Lite and FreeStyle Freedom Lite, which eliminate the manual calibration step required by most glucose meters, improving convenience for people with diabetes. In the U.S., sales growth was impacted by the comparison to the prior-year, when FreeStyle Lite was first launched. In the quarter, we had strong meter placements, representing good prescription growth. We've seen positive share results from a promotional program we initiated last quarter. In the third quarter, we expect approximately 10% growth worldwide in Abbott diabetes care. Moving to our global Nutritionals business, sales were up more than 12% in the quarter, driven by 21% growth in international Nutritionals, as demand continues to increase for high quality nutritional products, particularly in emerging markets. We continue to see double-digit growth across both pediatric and adult nutrition products internationally. U.S. Nutritionals sales were up mid-single digits, driven by strong sales of PediaSure, ZonePerfect and Glucerna. Our Similac infant formula brand continues to gain share thanks to the successful introduction of Similac Sensitive, a formula for babies with lactose sensitivities. In the third quarter, our Nutritionals business we expect continued strong double-digit growth internationally and continued mid-single digit growth in the US. Turning to our global Pharmaceuticals business, where sales increased nearly 17% in the quarter led by strong reported growth of nearly 27% in international Pharmaceuticals. We expect double-digit sales growth for our global Pharmaceuticals business to continue in the third and fourth quarters, with double-digit growth projected for both the U.S. and international businesses. U.S. pharmaceutical sales this quarter increased high single digits, despite a difficult comparison to the prior-year, reflecting strong double-digit growth for HUMIRA, Niaspan and Synthroid. Partially offsetting this performance was the negative impact of generic competition for Omnicef, as well as some modestly lower wholesaler buying this quarter. In Immunology, worldwide HUMIRA sales this quarter were up nearly 50% to $1.1 billion, including more than 70% international growth. Today, based on the strength of our HUMIRA sales so far this year and our outlook for the remainder of this year we're raising our forecast for full-year global HUMIRA sales to more than $4.3 billion. Earlier this year, we launched HUMIRA for psoriasis and the results have continued to exceed our expectations. Our U.S. new prescription share in dermatology has doubled since approval, reaching nearly 30%. More than 3,700 dermatologists have written prescriptions for HUMIRA with nearly 1,000 dermatologists writing HUMIRA prescriptions for the first time since our psoriasis approval in January. This significant increase in HUMIRA used by dermatologists is promising for the future, because once the profound efficacy is experienced first-hand by a physician, we know they're more likely to prescribe HUMIRA again. Our early success in this market is based on differentiating clinical data. We've demonstrated that more than 70% of HUMIRA psoriasis patients achieved a 75% reduction in their symptoms and a remarkable 20% of patients achieved 100% reduction or complete clearance. Based on outstanding clinical data in the more than a decade of clinical experience with HUMIRA now, we believe we're well positioned for continued success in the dermatology market. We also continued to see steady growth for HUMIRA in Crohn's disease, with total share recently surpassing 40%. HUMIRA continues to offer the only self-administered biologic treatment for Crohn's patients providing a distinct convenience advantage over the competition. Other biologic treatments require IV administration or must be reconstituted and administered by a healthcare professional via multiple injections in the office. During the quarter, we presented new longer-term Crohn's data at this Digestive Disease Week meeting or DDW, demonstrating HUMIRAs sustainability of remission with three out of four patients maintaining remission out to two years. These data are important because Crohn's disease is a lifelong and serious [ph] condition with no cure and patients need treatments that demonstrate sustained remission over time. We also presented new data at the European League Against Rheumatism or EULAR meeting demonstrating HUMIRAs proven durability of response across our full suite of rheumatic disease indications. That's rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis and that was out to seven years. Additionally, results from analysis of open label studies of HUMIRA in these three distinct indications demonstrate HUMIRA's effectiveness in patients with a previously inadequate response to other anti-TNF therapies. These data coupled with a five-year radiographic progression data thats currently in HUMIRA's label, underscore HUMIRA's proven ability to halt disease progression and effectively treat rheumatic disease over the long-term. HUMIRA continues to represent a major growth driver for the company out through the next several years at least with significant opportunity remaining in both U.S. and international markets where penetration rates are currently in the single-digits for biologics. Today, the global biologics market for all HUMIRA indications is approximately $14 billion and that's estimated to exceed $20 billion by 2012.  In our lipid management franchise in the second quarter, our growth continues to outpace the overall cholesterol market.  Niaspan sales were $194 million in the quarter up nearly 14%. Currently more than one million patients are on Niaspan therapy. We presented additional pivotal Phase III clinical results on our next generation fenofibric acid molecule, TriLipix at the National Lipid Associations 2008 scientific sessions. Data from a study of more than 1,400 patients with mixed dyslipidemia demonstrated that TriLipix given in  combination with Astrazeneca's Crestor met its primary endpoints and led to greater improvements across all three key lipids compared to monotherapy. We also presented data on TriLipix Crestor at the American Diabetes Association annual meeting that demonstrated that TriLipix in combination with Crestor improved key lipids in patients with Type 2 diabetes.  Patients with Type 2 diabetes often are at risk for cardiovascular events because of multiple risk factors including lipid problems and the patients with diabetes typically have mixed dyslipidemia at higher rates than non-diabetic patients, a factor that elevates treatment urgency. Of the more than 21 million American adults with diabetes, more than 14 million have problems affecting one or more of the three key lipid parameters.  As a reminder, these results add to our existing TriLipix data package, including data presented earlier this year demonstrating efficacy and safety of TriLipix in combination with other two leading statins, Lipitor and Zocor. Our three combination studies along with the 52-week long-term open label expansion study are part of the largest clinical program to date designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of a fibrate in combination with statins. We submitted TriLipix for FDA approval at the end of last year and remain on track for FDA approval in the fourth quarter of this year.  The next step in our development program is our partnership with Astrazeneca to combine TriLipix and Crestor as a Fixed-Dose therapy. The strong data presented at NLA and ADA bode well for our development program for this promising Fixed-Dose therapy. This combination product is in Phase III development and we expect to submit for regulatory approval in the second half of next year.  With many unique therapies that address lipid problems beyond LDL alone, Abbott's lipid franchise is clearly uniquely positioned to address the growing need for comprehensive lipid management now and over the longer term. So for the full year, we expect double-digit growth in our lipid franchise. Moving on to HIV, where Kaletra was up double-digits worldwide in the quarter to $355 million, driven by continued success of the tablet launch in international markets and sales of Synthroid this quarter were up in double digits increasing nearly 12% in the US. Regarding Depakote during the quarter, we resolved our Depakote ER litigation with a number of companies providing more certainty around the ER franchise. As a result, we anticipate generic competition for Depakote ER on January 1 of 2009.  We continue to expect generic competition for Depakote ER upon expiration of pediatric exclusivity later this month and that's all factored into our forecast and plans. Moving on to Lupron, where this quarter we integrated the Lupron franchise following the equal split of our TAP joint venture in the conclusion of that agreement and we began selling the hormone therapy Lupron as part of our U.S. pharmaceuticals business. U.S. sales of Lupron this quarter were $81 million reflecting a partial quarter of sales, following conclusion of the joint venture.  Lupron sales in the quarter were lower than forecasted due to the commercial transition of the product from our previous TAP joint venture to our Abbott commercial organization. However, we continue to forecast Lupron sales approaching $400 million in 2008 as we previously indicated. So in summary, in Pharmaceuticals, for the third quarter and for the full year, as I mentioned, we expect double-digit sales growth for both our U.S. and international pharmaceutical businesses.  And finally, as Tom mentioned, our broadbased pipeline continues to be highly productive with eight new major regulatory approvals so far this year in 2008 including four approvals in our pharmaceutical business and four approvals in Medical Products with XIENCE V obviously being approved just two weeks ago today. We anticipate approval of our next generation fenofibric acid product, TriLipix as well as our controlled-release branded pain medication, Vicodin CR by the end of this year. In our earlier stage pipeline, we presented data from our novel oncology compounds at ASCO in May. We also have innovative research programs in neuroscience, where programs are underway to address such conditions as ADHD, Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia.  We continue our work in immunology with ABT-874, our IL-12/23 product in late-stage development as well as other innovative treatments including oral therapies and other biologic targets. And in Abbott Vascular, we are leading the way in the development of truly revolutionary new stent technology with our unique and one-of-a-kind bioabsorbable stent program. So in summary, the Abbott management team, we are all very pleased with our overall strong performance from our diverse mix of global businesses and truly best-in-class products including such products as HUMIRA and XIENCE V that are meeting the critical needs of today's patients. So with that, we'll be glad to take questions, operator. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Phil Nalbone. Your line is open and please state your company.
Phillip Nalbone: Thank you very much. Phillip Nalbone with RBC Capital Markets. Tom, the first question for you relating to the gross margin on as adjusted basis, we saw a pretty significant sequential jump, 160 basis points. Can you remind us what the factors were in the first quarter that led to the weakness, and how that whole foreign exchange aspect played out in the second quarter. Just kind of walk us through what the swing factors were that contributed to that strength in Q2?
Thomas C. Freyman: Sure Phil. In the second quarter, a couple of things. Our business mix was better, you saw the very strong global performance of pharma. Pharma is a little bit higher percent of our sales in the quarter and that contributed nicely. And in particular, the Vascular business, we saw very nice improvement in profitability and gross margin in that business, thats all geared around XIENCE, both side, the commercial performance prior to the U.S launch that is outside the U.S. and then also, as we prepare for the U.S. launch. So, those are really the factors that cause the improvement sequentially here. I think if you compare it to the first quarter, it's really even more a story of business and product mix. After the exchange comments we made in the first quarter, we really geared our second quarter forecast to be in line with what we knew at that time. And what you're really seeing now is just, everything weve been talking about for a long period of time, as we built this company and as we built these businesses with higher-margin products, were starting to see some of that come into play, and I think that's really what's happening sequentially, going from first quarter to second quarter.
Phillip Nalbone: Great, thank you. As a follow-on, Tom, St. Jude confirmed this morning a co-marketing arrangement with Abbott, apparently to bundle their CRM products with Abbott's Vascular products. Can you talk about that arrangement and what it might imply for pricing for products such as XIENCE?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes. Ill let John take that question Phil.
John B. Thomas: Hey Phil. So, yeah, we do have a limited agreement with St. Jude that basically is in place for those select accounts where there might be interest on the customer's part in a CRM and DES contracting solutions. So you might be aware that there was a previous agreement like this in place between St. Jude and another competitor, its directionally similar to that and really its expected to be used on very limited basis and its been in place since the launch. I don't believe its been used yet, and based on the past agreement, probably it will be used only in a handful accounts, if and when it is needed.
Phillip Nalbone: Great. Thank you very much.
John B. Thomas: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Weinstein. Your line is open and please state your company.
Michael Weinstein: Thank you, its J.P. Morgan.
Thomas C. Freyman: Hi Mike.
Michael Weinstein: Good morning. Couple of questions. First, John, could you just quantify the impact of any wholesaler de-stocking on the foreign business. There were a few products including smear [ph] that were below the script trends.
John B. Thomas: Sure. We did see some reduced wholesaler buying activity this quarter in particular that affected a couple of our products as you probably noted from the overall growth rates, which were slightly below some estimates on the Street. That probably impacted U.S. pharmaceutical sales growth approximately a couple of percentage points. And then of course, the other things I talked about had a bigger impact year-over-year comparisons regarding generic Omnicef competition, and then the Lupron sales which were additive, of course this year the top line growth and estimates that we had, but as we work through the closing of the TAP transaction and moving that commercial organization sales force over to underneath Abbotts umbrella, we saw a little bit of temporary disruption as a result of that. So, our full-year forecast for Lupron that we had given at the time of the closing of the transaction of about $400 million is the same for the full-year, so we will make that up later. And I think the main point on U.S. pharma is to recognize that we expect strong double-digit growth in the third and the fourth quarter based on HUMIRA, based on all the performance of the other products, the lipid franchise, Niaspan, Depakote which was affected to some degree as well by some of that buying pattern that we saw.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Let me touch on a couple of other items. Your commentary on the drug-eluting stents become positive which you guys reported. Your third quarter commentary of $225 million to $250 million that was above what were modeling, we had this over $200 million. So, I would like to get a sense of how you're thinking about the cadence of the U.S. launch in terms of market share and the short-term impact that might have?
John B. Thomas: Sure. You know while I guess it's difficult at this time to put hard data around the launch because it's still so early. I can tell you though that as you can expect, you might expect that Ive been in the close contact with the management team at AVD [ph], almost on an hourly basis. It's going, I would say, it's fair to say better than we expected. The platform acceptance meeting XIENCE/PROMUS  is better than we expected. Clearly, the market... the reaction in the market with physicians and eventual cardiologists and hospital administrators were also involved in the purchasing decisions. It is bifurcated into two segments those who want XIENCE and PROMUS and the other products in the market. So based on the attributes of the product, the way the launch is gone, although it is early, in the first two weeks, we feel very confident that we can reach the target range of $225 million to $250 million. We continue at this point to estimate market share for XIENCE alone within the first 12 months in the range of 25% to 30%. But I would say that that's based and that's been our market share estimate for some time. That's based on pre-launch estimates. We will have to evaluate how the launch is going and if it's appropriate at a later time to raise that estimate, you can be sure that we will do that. But I think it's fair and your characterization is fair as we look at the models that are out there, that estimate of $225 million to $250 million is clearly well above what the Street had expected and we're obviously very pleased with that.
Michael Weinstein: If I may ask one final question. I want to make sure I understand your commentary on the [inaudible], it's been a digging point, obviously this quarter was above the expectation, but you're guiding to about 100 basis points or so sequential decline in the third quarter. I understand some of that should happen because of geography in Depakote IR and then a big step up again in the fourth quarter. So to help me understand the next cadence and anything else that might be going on there that causes gross margin to be down by as much as you are expecting 2Q to 3Q and then the big step up in 4Q.
Thomas C. Freyman: I mean that's just our global pattern with the summer months attracting the mix of products and pharma in particular having usually a very strong fourth quarter and being our highest margin business and fourth quarter has always been our highest gross margin quarter.
Michael Weinstein: Sorry to comment. Its not best of your, I mean the historical swings from 2Q to 3Q are usually are 100 basis points down and then hundred plus basis points up.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, I think we saw a decline last year, Mike, and estimating this thing within a couple of [inaudible] is probably challenging. That's what the model show when we look at the mix of businesses and, well see what happened, hopefully will be better than that, but that is our best estimate at this point and I think the key thing to remember is were right on the 58% number that we forecasted on the first quarter call for the full-year and for the second half. We are little better this quarter, which is nice and we expect the year to turn out pretty much the way we forecasted on that first quarter call.
Michael Weinstein: Perfect, okay. Great. Thank you guys.
John B. Thomas: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Wise [ph]. Your line is open. Please state your company.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning Tom, Good morning John.
Thomas C. Freyman: Hi Rick.
Unidentified Analyst: Couple of things. First EPS. You took the $3.20 - $3.25 to $3.24 - $3.28. Can you help us understand your thinking, Tom, along with the beat in the quarter, as you both called out was the extra TAP income... TAP related income and other, but the range seems to be, youve raised it mostly by that increment.  So you're beaten by our number in consensus by nickel, but you have raised the bottom and the upper end of the range by $0.04 and $0.03. Can you just help us understand you're thinking again?  Thanks.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, I think it's pretty much what I said in my remarks. I mean, we have had a great first half of the year and certainly we are passing a good chunk of that in the guidance for the year, and again Id remind you that when you go to a midpoint of our new guidance, we got 15% earnings growth for 2008 and I thought in this market, and in this industry, I think that's really a stellar EPS growth. I think this is a good place to be at the end of the second quarter. I think, as we go into the second half of the year, we'll see how things progress. The other thing I'd say is, it is important to understand a little bit, it is just the phasing here. We were a little favorable on the TAP related income in the quarter, some of that income materialized earlier in our previous forecast. So, since the full year it is the same number, we were a little lower in the second half and we are not just thinking about 2008 this year. As I indicated in my remarks, there are a lot of markets here where some degree of investment in the market where we have really a proportionate market share of incremental scripts or whatever the product areas, we really benefit disproportionately. And so we are going to invest a little bit in that in the second half and I think what that's really going to help is '09 and continue this very strong growth pattern we have seen over the last three, four years of accelerating earnings. We are just trying to make the right balance here, Rick, between giving a very healthy increase in the guidance getting very strong growth this year in our earnings per share and still building for the future. And I think when you put that all together, we are very bullish about the second-half, you are going to see sales growth in the second half, we think stronger than what you saw in the first half. And I think, when you add it all up, it's a great position to be in as we finish '08 and move into 2009.
John B. Thomas: Yes, and just to be clear Rick, this is John, on the TAP payments, that was about half of the $0.05 fee and the other half was the fundamental underlying strength of the businesses which is one of the reasons that weve increased the earnings range and feel very comfortable about that range in the second half, very comfortable.
Unidentified Analyst: That's great, very helpful perspective from both of you. A couple of other follow-ups here. Just to touch on XIENCE briefly. Our early physician checks suggest a very strong interest in the XIENCE/PROMUS family, but a wide range of opinions about XIENCE versus PROMUS mix mostly driven by price. And any early read from your perspective John or Abbott's perspective on your ability to hold your price premium or Boston's aggressiveness. And last I'll just throw it out, Tom, just...  you were giving some very good longer-term perspective in this notion of trying to drive sort of steady acceleration in top and bottom line, which I appreciate. Can you give us maybe some just bigger picture thoughts on now that you're in this solid execution phase, talk about cash flow, and maybe this quarter, the outlook for cash flow, what you're going to do with it to enhance shareholder value over the next couple of years? Just give us your larger picture perspective. Thanks so much.
John B. Thomas: All right, let me take your first question, Rick on XIENCE and then I'll let Tom answer your second part of your question. I would put it this way. We are very confident. We're winning the majority of accounts against PROMUS. At the same time, we're not at all surprised that they are selling PROMUS very aggressively. I think they recognize and I'll let them speak for themselves when they have their quarterly call that the platform is the preferred platform of interventional cardiologist as you recognize and other people have as well who are doing their checks in the marketplace. And that's not a surprise to us based on the clinical data, the attributes and the other things. So I think they recognize that there is a shift in the marketplace and they'd rather get something rather than nothing if they have to lose an account. But that being said, I will tell you, we feel highly confident in our Vascular sales force that we have robust sales force in the industry that has been trained over and over. I can assure you they've been thoroughly prepared for this launch. They are very incentivized to sell aggressively for us. We have Abbott, a full complement of inventory and consignments stocking that we can offer customers. We have a well forced... a well-trained sales force thats able to provide in servicing, training, support to physicians. Let's not forget, we are the original manufacturer. So we obviously know this product inside and out. And I think for certain physicians and in fact probably most of them, it's important to establish a relationship with a sales force and understand what's in the product pipeline and we have we think one of the best pipelines in the industry in this particular area with our next-generation drug-coated stent as well as our bioabsorbable stents. So those things in addition to very strong offering of some value-added services makes us a very formidable competitor. We obviously respect Boston Scientific for who they are and what they are capable of doing. We have a full appreciation for their capabilities, but we are going to compete very aggressively as well. At the same time, I would tell you as I mentioned in my comments, we expect to get an appropriate and fair value for XIENCE and so far we're seeing that in the marketplace. There has not been deep discounting in this market. We expect to get a fair and appropriate value and we're seeing that so far. At the same time, I would tell you, we are also, as you know, strong marketers and competitors and we will compete in this market place.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, John.
John B. Thomas: You're welcome.
Thomas C. Freyman: Rick, on the cash flow, we had another really good quarter in cash flow if you look at our year-to-date operating cash flow, we are up 18%. It's pretty much the same thing we've been talking about. We like a balance between strong dividend increases and we've increased that dividend double-digit for a number of years here and had a very nice increase this year. And our continued share buyback is really the other primary area, we did buy back some additional shares in the quarter and that's really going to be the use of cash flow, we feel very positive about our ability to drive cash flow at least in line with the earnings growth. And we put it to good use over the next couple of years.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent. Thank you.
John B. Thomas: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Keusch. Your line is open. Please state your company.
Lawrence Keusch: Hi, it's Goldman Sachs. Good morning everyone.
John B. Thomas: Hi Larry.
Lawrence Keusch: John, just starting, I do have XIENCE question. But let me just start one other place which is the comments that you made about the U.S. pharma business in growing double-digit in the third quarter. What are the drivers that gets you to that growth given the fact that you're obviously are going to experience generic competition to Depakote IR, that's a little bit surprising that you guys were still forecasting that sort of growth, even with that... with the competition coming.
John B. Thomas: Yes. So, obviously HUMIRA continues to grow robustly and that's the main growth driver of the business right now. We've been growing that business, as we said, 50% worldwide, 70% over the last two quarters. In the U.S. it's been growing 30% or so. We expect at least that level of growth as we continue to penetrate, as I mentioned in the strong psoriasis indication in market penetration. The overall Niaspan lipid franchise, TriCor, we did have some impact, as I mentioned, I think Mike Weinstein asked about, was there a wholesaler buying activity in the quarter? There was that lowered the growth by a couple of percentage points. We expect that to rectify as we go to the back half of the year that will impact not only TriCor, but probably Kaletra and Depakote as well. So, there is that there is the Lupron contribution that I mentioned, $400 million for the full-year. So, there is a lot of positive things that are happening in the third and fourth quarter and we feel very confident in strong double-digit growth both in the U.S. and internationally as we lookout to both of those quarters.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. And John, on Depakote, would you be willing to just help us understand now that you've got the settlements in place on the ER version and clarity on the generic competition coming here. How you are thinking about that franchise for the remainder of the year?
John B. Thomas: Well, we do expect generic competition for DR in early August and that's factored into all the forecast that we have given and then of course with the settlement, ER will happen probably in January 1st, that's factored into our forecast. And again, both of those are in the mix of our strong double-digit earnings growth outlook for 2009 and our 15% sales growth outlook for the full-year 2008. So, we will see some amount of competition there. We have intentions to protect as much of that as we can and to continue to market that product aggressively as we compete in the marketplace with what is one of the best sales forces. So that's sort of the general situation, I can't give you specifics around that, but I would just tell you that we've been very realistic as we've said many times before about our assumptions for what happens in that marketplace and thats factored into the growth outlook.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. And then just lastly, for Tom, you certainly have said... certainly over the last six months that [inaudible] there really isn't any M&A that's on the radar screen. Again, just given some of your growing cash balances here in the strong cash flow from operations. Again, if you could just give us some sense of again how you are thinking about M&A specifically? And then John, on XIENCE, are you hearing of pricing aggressively across the nation or is it more geographic on that aggressive pricing from PROMUS?
Thomas C. Freyman: Larry it's Tom. Nothing new to what we've been saying recently about M&A, nothing on the front burner. And we have been active over the years, but right now we're in a phase of really executing on the assets with accumulated and the great products we have in the portfolio. We're in such a good position to drive, top and bottom line now that we don't need acquisitions to achieve the types of growth rates we're delivering this year and what we expect to deliver next year and over the next several years. So anything we would consider would be complementary to what we have I would think, and but certainly nothing imminent are on the front burner.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay.
John B. Thomas: So Larry, let me answer your question. I want to be very clear about this. I did not indicate they were aggressively discounting or what I said was they are aggressively selling. I think some other people have suggested there may have been some price discounts and that's to be expected in certain select accounts, you're going to have a little bit of that. But I would tell you from what we've seen so far it's modest, the value of the franchise in the platform is being up held as it should be, and we're getting fair and appropriate value both on the XIENCE... certainly on the XIENCE side as well as the PROMUS side. I don't think it's really appropriate for me to comment on their commercial strategy per se, I'll let them do that. But we've been very pleased so far and I wouldn't describe the selling price as aggressive. I would describe them aggressively selling the product and the platform, which is what I meant and what we can understand certainly.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay, great.  Thanks for your clarification.
John B. Thomas: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bruce Nudell. Your line is open. Please state your company.
Bruce Nudell: UBS. Thanks so much. I was wondering if you could comment about... couple of questions about the cholesterol franchise, TriCor, was overall below our expectations in the quarter. What do you foresee the potential growth rate for that drug this year? Also when you think about SIMCOR, you could comment of how it's doing so far, but when you think of it trying to couch it in terms of percent of simvastatin scripts that might ultimately find their way into SIMCOR formulations. For frame or reference, I guess Advicor's 6% to 7% of Lovastatin scripts. Thanks so much.
John B. Thomas: Yes. Hi, Bruce. I would say that overall the lipid market growth for the first half of the year has been modestly lower than expectations for the overall cholesterol market and players, it's been growing in the low-single digits. But the good news is Abbott's products have been growing faster than the overall market. We would expect that trend to continue as physicians in the marketplace recognized the importance of adjunctive therapies. So, while that's happening in the quarter, specifically as I mentioned before, we did see some reduced wholesaler buying activity around certain products that included TriCor and Niaspan, which would reduce reported growth for the quarter.  But we expect that to improve as the year goes out, Niaspan as we... as you saw, and we've been talking about it on quite well and I think in the context of the Niaspan/SIMCOR franchise, when we were selling SIMCOR or we're selling Niaspan we're really selling both. So, our efforts on both of those have helped drive the overall Niaspan/SIMCOR franchise, which is doing quite well. I think post-ENHANCE with all the noise around that, there is a certain level of modest resistance to prescribing combination therapies, given what happened with ENHANCE, which was unfortunate. But we expect that as we get further away from that, the market in general should rebound, and we will continue to do well, and will continue to sell against the attributes of those products, which as you know, are strong. There is no other product on the marketplace like Niaspan that treats HDL as well as, as it does and with the issues that the other competitors have had with their attempted development programs, whether its CTAP or Cordaptive.  Those have not happened. So that obviously gives us a little bit more runway over the next couple of years, where we have the exclusive HDL-raising product in the marketplace. But I would tell you as a result of that, we had to do a little bit more heavy lifting on our own and help grow this market, and so some of the investment spending that Tom talked about is geared towards that as we help to grow the overall market.
Bruce Nudell: And a follow-up question pertains to the HUMIRA franchise, could you provide an estimate for your patient share in RA, and given the upcoming launch of more presumptive launch of belimumab, where do you think your patients share might go over the next several years?  Thanks a lot.
Thomas C. Freyman: Sure. RA specifically is RA share for HUMIRA is in the 35% to 40% range.  Now currently we expect that to continue to increase. When we look at competitive products, I think it is safe to say that HUMIRA has the best clinical data in terms of efficacy, but also long-term suppression and radiographic remissions.  So, our data, our label goes out to five years. Physicians have 10 plus years of experience with the product, or I should say, there is 10 plus years of the experience with the product overall. Physicians are very comfortable with it, clearly they consider the gold standard in the marketplace, the one to beat. With respect to belimumab in particular, I think we are very competitive with them and very comfortable with the strengths of HUMIRA. As you probably know, whether it's this product or any others, those that come fourth or fifth to market, historically, if you look at the overall prescription trends and the overall pharmaceutical market, those that combat late to the game that don't offer clear clinical benefits over this current standard of care, which we don't think that they do based on the data we've seen, particularly the ACR scores, they don't typically get more than modest market share and that would be our expectation for that product.
Bruce Nudell: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen. Your line is open, please state your company.
Larry Biegelsen: Larry Biegelsen, Wachovia. Can you hear me ok?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the question.  Let me ask a question that was asked early in a different way. I mean you beat this quarter in the upper end of the range by about $0.04 and you raised guidance by $0.03 to $0.04. The Depakote ER was you expected that to go generic and we estimate that that gives you a few cents benefit. I mean was there something else that changed, Tom and then I have a follow-up question.
Thomas C. Freyman: Again I think it is very important to go back to my remarks on the first on the second quarter overperformance. About half of it was due to earlier than expected income related to the payments from Takeda associated with the conclusion of the TAP joint venture and the full-year numbers are roughly the same. So, you know, that was part of what occurred in the first quarter. The rest was underlying performance as evidenced by the sales growth and the gross margin being higher than we expected.  And that is whats contributing to the raise as well as a little better performance expected in the second half balanced off by a degree of selective investment spending in some of these areas that are really going to drive market growth for us in the later part of the year but certainly in 2009. If you look at that, again, as I said in my remarks, we try to balance this off in a way that delivers 15% earnings growth for the company in the year and continues to drive us to very strong earnings growth for years beyond this. And so again, if I put those two buckets in mind, and I think you see this second half particularly given our revenue forecasts of mid-teens growth as being a very strong second half and setting us up very nicely for 2009.
John B. Thomas: Yes, and I would just add to there, Larry, as an observation that if you compare that 15% EPS bottom line, its very favorable to the peers, no matter what industry you're looking at and certainly against our purest diversified competitors were growing at roughly twice their bottom line rate.
Thomas C. Freyman: And I guess the last thing I would say is, it is mid year and we'll see how it goes in the second half. You know, we like the momentum we are seeing in the business and again, we'll just see how it is progressing. That's where we are right now, and I think it's a very strong statement to raise the guidance the way we did to deliver the growth rates that we're forecasting and to continue to build for the future.
John B. Thomas: Right. And could you raise it later, maybe we'll see, not at this time though.
Larry Biegelsen: And on the pharma side, SIMCOR sales in the quarter, and are you still on track to exceed a 100 million this year, I think, you have said earlier. And lastly, on HUMIRA, the growth I think in the U.S. was about 29% the lowest, I think with U.S. growth rate we have seen, is that temporary and I don't know if youve mentioned any wholesaler destocking on that one earlier, John? Thanks.
John B. Thomas: Yes, the underlying script trends on HUMIRA are a little bit stronger than that. So, yes, we expect that that will perform better, stronger, I mean, we are talking about relative performance here, 30% or whether its going to be 30% or 40% but yes, we expect it to improve in the U.S and then it's we look at the business as a whole, and obviously we did remarkably better than every analyst model that we track on the international side with 70% growth this quarter and last quarter. So, it's the blend of all those things and that obviously let us to raise our HUMIRA global guidance to more than $4.3 billion for the full year. We think that's pretty good. So, yes, we expect better outcomes here in the third and fourth quarter, there were some temporary effects in the quarter that were non-recurring. So, the underlying strength is very, very strong and we expect good things. As far as SIMCOR, the sales this quarter were modest because we had the end of the quarter approval and some initial wholesaler buying into that. So, we saw as expected a leveling off of that in the second quarter, and then we expect more contribution in the third and fourth quarter and it will... it will approach 100, I'm not sure, we'll get to a 100. As I said, some of that is due to the market which is growing low-single digits overall in the cholesterol market and the effects have enhanced, which we think over time will mediate. And then of course when we look at it, we talk about Niaspan and SIMCOR together and Niaspan is growing mid-teens growth. We expect that to continue and that's what we are really interested in. And so, the combined franchise of Niaspan and SIMCOR should be very close to what we expected earlier in the year.
Larry Biegelsen: Thank you.
John B. Thomas: Yes. You're welcome and I think well have time for one more question. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Sara Michelmore. Your line is open. Please state your company.
Sara Michelmore: Great. Cowen and Company, thank you. Tom, if I could just ask you to talk about the TAP income, and particularly, can you just talk about the variability that we should expect on the income going forward, I mean it was obviously higher than you expected this quarter. How variable is that line item going to be in future quarters, then can you give us a little sense of what your visibility is on a quarter-to-quarter basis, how that's going to shake out things?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes. This is... this area, as we indicated before, will be a little more volatile than the whole TAP joint venture income, because there are some events. As I said on the first quarter call, we're going to forecast those very conservatively so that there are no surprises. But with the number of, roughly 160 this quarter, the second half is roughly that number as well. So you can see that there is a degree of variability, which again, part of that was occurred earlier than we thought and when you average it out for the year, it's around $300 million. So, we'll just have to provide you with that guidance quarter-to-quarter. I think the safest thing to do is assume relatively flat and if there is something different coming at any point in time, we'll let you know.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And can you give us an update on profitability of the Vascular business, both on a cash and non-cash basis. I know it's been profitable on a cash basis, but it's been low profit or close to breakeven on a non-cash basis. What should we expect now that you've got the U.S. XIENCE launch underway? Thanks.
Thomas C. Freyman: Well, we had a very nice step-up in profitability this quarter. Last year we were in investment mode this quarter and there actually was a loss after amortization, as you indicated on a cash basis we were making income. But this quarter we turned into a income after amortization, very nice contribution from gross margin from the business. We expect the remaining quarters to be profitable this year, and obviously accelerating, particularly in the fourth quarter when XIENCE really hit stride in the U.S. and volumes are very strong through the manufacturing process. So, I think we're into profit mode even after amortization for this business and we expect that to be very strong in 2009, obviously that's where the real payoff of getting this U.S. approval and the momentum we've seen in Europe, the progress weve seen in Europe. It's really going to pay off in the bottom line in '09 and it's an important part of our story in '09.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And John, I'm sorry if I missed this but can you give us an update on the status of the Japanese launch of HUMIRA?  Thanks.
John B. Thomas: We launched very recently as you know.  So, I don't have a lot of hard data on that yet. That process, you go through, you get approval and then you do pricing and it's only been a few weeks.  So as far as I know, it's going well.  That's a market where several hundred million dollar opportunity over the next several years and we are well positioned there but it's a little early to give specifics.  So that's what's happening there and before we end, operator, I thought Tom wanted to wrap it up with just a couple of quick comments.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes.  Again I think this is a great quarter for Abbott. I have been doing this job for 8 years and one of the strongest, probably the strongest quarter that I have delivered here. It was one where we beat the guidance we provided for the quarter. Significantly, we raised our guidance for the year significantly, you're looking at a business that is 15% top and bottom line for the year which I think compared to the industry is truly top-tier. Eight significant approvals in the first half alone and all this is driven by the payoff on our diversified mix of products and geography that we felt over the last few years that we think is a business that can provide sustainable, durable double-digit EPS growth in 2009 and beyond driven by products like HUMIRA, XIENCE and a number of the other products John talked about today.  So, thank you very much for your time today.
John B. Thomas: And let me just wrap up with the concluding remarks and the replay of the call will be available after 11 a.m. Central today on our website at abbottinvestor.com and after 11 a.m. Central Time via telephone at 203-369-3524 and the confirmation code is 5567501. Thats 5567501. The audio replay will be available until four o'clock on Wednesday, July 23.  We thank you all for joining us today.  Please call us if you have any follow-ups. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session, the entire call including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations.
John Thomas: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Also on the call will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Tom will review the first quarter results and I will discuss the business operating highlights. Following our comments, we will take any questions that you may have as usual. Some statements made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2007 and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. So with that, I will now turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas C. Freyman: Thanks, John, and good morning. As you can see from our earnings news release this morning, we had a strong first quarter, delivering double-digit sales and earnings growth ahead of our expectations. In addition, we confirmed our EPS outlook for the full year, which reflects strong double-digit growth. Our major businesses are healthy, and our outlook continues to call for an accelerating EPS rate of growth this year. During the first quarter, we also accomplished a number of our strategic objectives as we reached an agreement to conclude the TAP joint venture, and received approval for five key new products or indications that collectively have significant future growth potential. For the quarter, we reported diluted earnings per share of $0.63, at the high end of our previous guidance range of $0.61 to $0.63 excluding specified items. This reflects earnings per share growth of 14.5%, in line with our full-year 2008 forecast of EPS growth, and follows last year's 12.3% rate of growth. Sales this quarter increased nearly 14%, including a favorable 5.5% effective exchange rate. Results were strong across each of our global businesses, with Pharmaceuticals, Diagnostics and Nutritionals, all contributing double-digit. Of particular note were the strength of HUMIRA, which increased nearly 54% worldwide; and the growth from our combined lipid franchise, including Tricor, Niaspan and Simcor, which together increased more than 20%. John will discuss this in more detail in his review of the business operating highlights. During the quarter, we continued to invest in the business to drive future growth. We remain on track for a significant number of major new product launches in 2008. SG&A expense this quarter included new and ongoing promotional initiatives, including strong investment spending to support the first quarter launch of two new indications for HUMIRA, the launches of Simcor, FreeStyle glucose meters and the expected second quarter U.S. launch of our next generation drug-eluting stent, XIENCE V. R&D expense in the quarter was 9.2% of sales, in line with our previous guidance. Comparison with the prior year was impacted by the timing of R&D program spending, with high levels of R&D expense in the prior-year quarter supporting significant late-stage pipeline activity in Pharmaceuticals and Medical Products. As a reminder, R&D expense was up roughly 27% in the first quarter of last year. Forecast the rate of growth in R&D spending to increase over the last three quarters of this year, with a full-year increase in the mid-to-high single digits. The adjusted gross margin ratio in the quarter was 56.8%, somewhat below the prior year, due in part to generic competition for Omnicef. Although foreign exchange had a favorable impact on sales, it also negatively impacted the gross margin ratio due to the mix of sales affected by exchange and the impact of exchange on international manufacturing costs, particularly Europe-based costs. Were forecasting adjusted gross margin ratio to improve to approximately 58% over the remaining three quarters of 2008 at current exchange rates. Income from the TAP joint venture this quarter of $102 million was in line with our expectations. As you know, we recently reached an agreement with Takeda to conclude the joint venture. Under the agreement, both parties will be sharing equally in the value of the joint venture, with Abbott receiving total ownership of the market-leading oncology treatment, Lupron, including its U.S commercial organization, as well as projected cash payments from Takeda of approximately $1.5 billion over the next five years. Forecast the transaction to be neutral to 2008 earnings per share and neutral or better over the next five years. Transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2008, and I will discuss the effect on our P&L profile in a few moments. Tax rate in the quarter was 19.2%, consistent with our previous guidance. And during the quarter, we repurchased $800 million of Abbotts stock. Now, let's turn to the outlook for the remainder of 2008. Compared to our previous forecast, although our EPS guidance is unchanged, two new items will affect our P&L profile. Let me walk you through both of these before I provide the outlook for the full year and the second quarter. First item is the TAP transaction. After the closing, which is again expected in the second quarter, Abbott will no longer record joint venture income. Instead U.S. Lupron sales, costs and operating profit associated with the franchise will be included in Abbott's operating results. For the remainder of the year, we expect to add approximately $400 million of Lupron sales to our top line. As a reminder, annualized Lupron sales in the U.S. are projected to be approximately $600 million in 2008. Abbott will also receive future cash payments from Takeda related to TAP products moving over to Takeda. Statements will be recorded in the other income line of Abbott's P&L. These include payments related to on-market product sales and the development pipeline. We will be conservatively forecasting the timing of these payments as we work through 2008. As indicated earlier, the TAP transaction is expected to be neutral to earnings per share this year. Regarding the second item, foreign exchange, U.S. dollar has weakened to a level that has exceeded our original forecast for the year. This has had a positive impact on sales in the first quarter, and we project this to continue over the last three quarters. But this also impacts our outlook for the profile of some of our P&L line items. Let me now walk you through the P&L, as we are forecasting it for the full-year 2008 and the second quarter. Today, we are confirming our full-year 2008 earnings per share guidance of $3.20 to $3.25, excluding specified items. Regarding sales growth, with the addition of U.S. Lupron sales expected after the close and exchange rate trends, today we are raising our sales forecast. We now project low-teen sales growth for the full-year 2008. With respect to the gross margin, again we are forecasting a ratio of approximately 58% for the full year. Given the size and timing of the TAP transaction, it has only a modest impact on the R&D and SG&A ratios as a percent of sales in 2008. As a result, we continue to forecast full-year SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 27%. Regarding R&D, our current forecast for total dollar spending for the year is roughly in line with our original forecast. However, due to the impact of foreign exchange on sales, R&D as a percentage of sales is expected to be closer to 9% for the full year. Majority of our R&D spending is denominated in U.S. dollars. And we are forecasting the other income line of the P&L at approximately $300 million for the full year related to the cash payments we expect to receive from Takeda. Regarding the tax rate, with the conclusion of the TAP joint venture we're now forecasting a full-year rate of around 21%. This higher tax rate has been factored into our neutral EPS guidance for the TAP transaction. As you'll recall, the income from the TAP joint venture line item of our P&L reflected our half of the after-tax profit of the joint venture. This resulted in a lower overall tax rate for Abbott in the past. Going forward, profit from the Lupron franchise and the estimated future cash payments from Takeda will be taxed at U.S. statutory rates to the income tax expense line of our P&L, resulting in the higher 21% rate. Now, let's turn to our outlook for the second quarter. We are providing earnings per share guidance of $0.78 to $0.80 excluding specified items. Mid-point of this range represents another quarter of mid-teens EPS growth. Let me walk you through some of the key P&L line items as we forecast them for the second quarter. We expect sales growth in the low-teens, gross margin ratio of approximately 58%, R&D as a percentage of sales around 9%, SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 28% and other income of approximately $100 million, which reflects cash payments from Takeda. Second quarter tax rate is expected to be around 22%. This combined with the first quarter rate of 19.2% results in a first-half tax rate in line with our full-year forecast rate of around 21%. We expect a tax rate of around 21% in the third and fourth quarters. So in summary, as we look at the first quarter, we are pleased with the performance of our major businesses. We reported double-digit sales growth and EPS at the high end of our guidance range, while we continue to build on our strong track record of major regulatory submissions and new products approvals. Finally, we're extremely pleased to have concluded the TAP joint venture in a manner that was economically attractive for our shareholders. All of these factors give us confidence in our outlook for double-digit earnings per share growth this year and over the next several years. With that, let's turn to the business operating highlights. John?
John Thomas: Thanks, Tom. This morning, I will review the performance of our major business segments; Pharmaceuticals, Nutritionals, and Medical Products including Diabetes Care, Diagnostics and Abbott Vascular. And you will have to forgive me, I have got head cold, so I may pause here occasionally. Let me start with our global Pharmaceutical business where sales increased more than 14% in the quarter, driven by 25% growth in international Pharmaceuticals. Excluding the impact of generic Omnicef, U.S. Pharmaceuticals increased approximately 14%. Including the impact, reported U.S. Pharmaceutical sales increased 3.6%. In Immunology, worldwide HUMIRA sales were up 54% to $878 million, which includes nearly 70% international growth. In 2008, we expect global HUMIRA sales will exceed $4 billion as HUMIRA continues to capture a majority of all patients new to anti-TNF therapy in a market that continues to grow double digit with HUMIRA driving a majority of that market growth. In the quarter, we continued to build our positions in both Dermatology and Gastroenterology segments, while maintaining our consistent share gains in Rheumatology. And with the FDA approval of two new indications in the first quarter alone, HUMIRA is now approved for six indications in total. In addition, this morning we are pleased to announce the approval of HUMIRA for rheumatoid arthritis in Japan. This new market opportunity represents to Abbott alone more than $300 million in additional peak year sales. We will co-market this product with Eisai in Japan. At the end of January, we launched HUMIRA for psoriasis and the result so far have exceeded our expectations. Our U.S. new prescription share in dermatology has grown by nearly 8 percentage points in just the first few months of launch, increasing our [inaudible] share in Dermatology to more than 20%. HUMIRA's early success in psoriasis is based on its outstanding clinical data. HUMIRA has raised the bar for what physicians and patients should expect for reliable skin clearance. We've demonstrated that nearly 75% of HUMIRA patients achieved a 75% reduction in their symptoms. In February, we presented new longer-term data at the American Academy of Dermatology meeting, demonstrating HUMIRA's durability of response. Unlike some other therapies, which decrease in response over time, HUMIRA clinical results continue to improve longer term, now out to 18 months. We also continue to see steady growth HUMIRA in Crohn's disease, which we launched just over a year ago. We've recently surpassed 35% share in Crohn's as we continue to see strong demand for HUMIRA as the biologic of choice for both new patients and those switching from other therapies. HUMIRA offers the only self-administered biologic treatment for Crohn's patients, providing a distinct convenience advantage over the competition. We'll also present new, longer-term Crohn's data at the Digestive Disease Week meeting this May, demonstrating HUMIRA's sustainability and durability of response. Crohn's and psoriasis are the two largest markets after rheumatoid arthritis, each at approximately $1 billion in sales today with strong double-digit growth expected over the next several years. Also in the quarter, we launched our sixth indication for HUMIRA, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. HUMIRA is the first biologic treatment to receive FDA approval for this condition in almost a decade and the first to be self-administered once every two weeks. The growing awareness of HUMIRA among physicians and the growing body of best-in-class clinical data should continue to drive demand for HUMIRA. In our lipid management franchise in the first quarter, we received U.S. approval for Simcor in line with our expectations. The launch is very early, but is proceeding quite well. Our full primary care sales force is now promoting this new brand and was able to reach approximately 80,000 physicians during the first week of launch. Simcor combines two well-established medications, Niaspan and Simvastatin, to powerfully target multiple lipid parameters in a single therapy. Data from two Phase III trials have demonstrated Simcor's role in improving key lipid levels versus the use of a statin alone. We began shipping Simcor in early March with active sales force detailing, beginning in late March. Sales of Simcor in the quarter were close to $20 million, on track for our full-year sales forecast this year of approximately $100 million. Niaspan, our HDL-raising therapy, grew 24% in the first quarter. Since the launch last year of our new film-coated Niaspan tablets as well as the additional Abbott promotional efforts following the Kos acquisition, we have steadily increased Niaspan prescription share growth. Total prescriptions are now growing faster than the overall cholesterol market, our first for this product in more than two years. Niaspan is the only prescription therapy capable of increasing HDL 25% to 35% on average with proven cardiovascular outcomes. It's a safe, effective and very well known therapy. Flushing is a temporary side effect associated with any Niaspan therapy. For most patients this side effect is greatly reduced when Niaspan is taken with Aspirin, one of the safest and most trusted medications. In pivotal studies, less than 6% of Niaspan patients discontinued therapy due to a flushing side effect. Similar results were also seen in our two pivotal trials for Simcor, which contains Niaspan. This compares very favorably to the competitive data we've seen. We expect strong double-digit growth for Niaspan to continue throughout 2008. Also in the quarter Tricor sales were up nearly 10%. Tricor remains the best available therapy for lowering triglycerides with a long-established safety and efficacy profile. We also presented our pivotal Phase III clinical trial results on our new fenofibric acid molecule, TriLipix, at the American College of Cardiology meeting last month. Our goal with the development of TriLipix was to design an optimal compound that could be combined with statins to address the difficult-to-treat mixed dislipidemic patient population. These are patients with high triglycerides, low HDL and high LDL, more than 40 million patients in total. Our Phase III data showed that we met our clinical development goal. Results from two of our trials demonstrated the TriLipix in combination with Lipitor and Zocor significantly improve three key lipid parameters, doubling triglyceride reduction, doubling HDL improvement and producing clinically meaningful LDL reductions. This is the largest and first-ever clinical program to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a fibrate in combination with statins. We expect to present additional Phase III data from our TriLipix program throughout this year, including data from our third combination trial with CRESTOR at the National lipid Association meeting at the end of May and at a podium presentation at the American Diabetes Association meeting this June. We submitted TriLipix for FDA approval at the end of last year and we remain on track for FDA approval in the fourth quarter of this year. The next step in our development program is our partnership with AstraZeneca to combine TriLipix and CRESTOR as a fixed-dose therapy. This combination product is in Phase III development, and we expect to submit for regulatory approval in the second half of next year. With many unique therapies that address lipid problems beyond LDL alone, Abbott's lipid franchise is extraordinarily well positioned to address the growing needs for comprehensive lipid management now and over the long-term. For the full year, we expect continued strong double-digit growth in our lipid franchise. Moving on to HIV where both Kaletra and Norvir were up double digits worldwide in the first quarter, we recently announced European regulatory approval of a new lower strength formulation of Kaletra, which is suitable for pediatric use. Depakote sales in the first quarter were up double-digits. Depakote ER, our once-a-day version of Depakote, accounts for more than 50% of total Depakote prescriptions. And in the TAP joint venture, sales of both the PPI Prevacid and the hormone therapy Lupron, which Abbott will be receiving when the deal is closed, were in line with our expectations. Prevacid sales were $550 million, and in March TAP received a favorable court ruling against Teva upholding the validity and enforceability of Prevacid's compound patent. The compound patent extends through November of 2009, assuming a six-month pediatric extension. TAP's next generation PPI, TAK-390 MR, was also submitted for U.S. FDA approval in early January or late... actually late last year, and results from the Phase III clinical trial program will be at the upcoming Digestive Disease Week medical meeting in May. Lupron sales were $147 million in the first quarter, on track to achieve full-year sales of approximately $600 million. And as Tom mentioned, we expect to close on the TAP transaction in the second quarter. At that time, Abbott will begin selling Lupron as part of our domestic pharmaceutical business and we expect it to contribute approximately $400 million in sales this year, although as we mentioned annualized sales are closer to $600 million. As a reminder, the majority of Lupron sales come from its indication for prostate cancer where it holds market-leading share. It's also a leading therapy for endometriosis and central precocious puberty. The addition of Lupron will accelerate Abbott's on-market presence in oncology where we currently have several therapies in early and mid-stage development in our Abbott pipeline. So in summary, in Pharmaceuticals for the second quarter and the full-year, we expect double-digit sales growth for both our domestic and international Pharmaceutical businesses. In our global Nutritionals business, sales in the quarter were up nearly 11%, driven by 21% growth in international Nutritionals as demand continues to increase for high-quality nutritional products in emerging markets. We continue to see broad-based growth across our International Nutritionals business, including several very strong growth objectives in pediatric... in the pediatric segment. U.S. Nutritionals sales were up low single-digit, lead by growth of new products including our infant formula, Similac Sensitive. In the second quarter, we expect mid-single digit growth in our U.S. Nutritionals business and continued strong double-digit growth internationally. So if we turn now to our Medical Products businesses, let me start with Diabetes Care where worldwide sales increased more than 14%. In the U.S., we recently launched our second automated calibration meter, FreeStyle Freedom Lite. Both FreeStyle Lite and FreeStyle Freedom Lite meters eliminate the manual calibration step required by most glucose meters, which improves convenience for people with diabetes. In the U.S., we've also launched the FreeStyle Navigator continuous glucose monitoring system, which monitors glucose levels every minute. Continuous information about glucose levels allows patients to more closely manage their disease. Navigator was launched in Europe last year. We also further expanded our diabetes commercial presence in emerging markets where sales in Asia and Latin America grew at strong double-digit rates. And in the U.S., we recently initiated a new promotional program in major media outlets including television, radio and print. In the second quarter, we expect double-digit growth worldwide in our Abbott Diabetes Care business. Now, let me turn to our worldwide Diagnostics business where sales grew more than 17% in the quarter, driven by continued strong growth in our international business. We saw double-digit growth in our Immunochemistry and Hematology segment this quarter, driven by sales in Europe, Latin America and Asia, particularly China, where we had strong double-digit growth. Abbott PRISM sales and ARCHITECT placements drove U.S. performance in the quarter. In January, we received FDA approval for our fifth automated blood-screening test for PRISM, HTLV. We plan to further expand the PRISM menu with the launch of HIV. We also recently launched a new ARCHITECT platform, the i1000, to meet the needs of our smaller volume lab customers. We continue to gain share with our larger volume analyzers, which were launched at the end of last year. In our Point-of-Care business, sales in the quarter were more than 20%. Growth was driven by strong cardiac cartridge sales and further penetration of our CHEM 8 test, which received a claim for broader use last year. And in Molecular Diagnostics, sales also increased more than 20% in the quarter. Our m2000 real-time PCR System continues to gain share worldwide. In the U.S., we submitted chlamydia, gonorrhea test for FDA [ph] approval for the m2000 system and additional infectious disease submissions are planned for later this year. We continue to expand our presence in the area of Pharmacogenomics. As part of this strategy, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Genentech recently to develop a companion diagnostic test for their cancer medication, Tarceva. We also made an equity investment in Ibis, a subsidiary of Isis, for the development of a new Molecular Diagnostics technology. So in the second quarter, our worldwide Diagnostics businesses, we anticipate continued double-digit growth. This includes continued strong double-digit growth in both Molecular Diagnostics as well as Point-of-Care and high single-digit growth in Immunochemistry and Hematology. In our Vascular business, in the quarter global sales were driven by approximately 35% growth internationally, as we continue to drive share and launch XIENCE into new geographies. As expected, U.S. sales were impacted by year-over-year declines in PCI volume and third-party catheter sales, although we do see very encouraging signs in the market as both U.S. PCI volume and DES penetration improved sequentially from the fourth quarter of last year, with DES penetration ending the month of March at the highest level we've seen in nearly a year in the mid-to-high 60s. So let me start with XIENCE where we ended February with XIENCE-only share, excluding France, in the low to mid 20s. In February, we were granted reimbursement for XIENCE in France, the second largest DES market in Europe. XIENCE launch has got off to a strong start with share already in the high-teens in France several weeks post-launch, given the outstanding commercial execution we've seen from our sales and marketing efforts in France. Our first quarter results only include two weeks of sales, given that our international business reports on a one-month lag. Recently, we also launched a 2.25-millimeter version of XIENCE in international markets, offering physicians access to a wider range of stent sizes to treat a variety of patient types. We expect to see a more meaningful impact from the 2.25 product and France launches in the second quarter. In the U.S., we continue to expect a second-quarter launch for XIENCE. The strong body of scientific data for XIENCE as well as our highly experienced U.S. Vascular sales force positions us extremely well for launch. In fact, we have one of the largest U.S. Vascular sales forces in the industry, which is nearly 100% intact post the Guidant acquisition. Recall that Abbott maintains market share leadership in bare-metal stents with approximately 60% VisionShare. So our commercial team knows how to win in what remains a highly competitive market. In addition, we remain confident in our manufacturing capacity. As weve said many times in the past, we can supply more than 50% of the worldwide market at this time. Outside of the U.S., our ex-U.S. team has begun to promote XIENCE with longer-term data. This includes one-year data on more than 1000 patients from our SPIRIT III trial. In addition, a few weeks ago at the American College of Cardiology meeting, we presented follow-up data for XIENCE. Two-year clinical results from our smaller ex-U.S. SPIRIT II clinical trial demonstrated a 40% reduction in major adverse cardiac events or MACE compared to TAXUS. MACE is an important clinical measure of safety and efficacy outcomes for patients and physicians and is defined as cardiac death, heart attack or ischemia-driven target lesion revascularization. XIENCE has consistently reduced MACE by 40% or more compared to TAXUS at any given time point measured in SPIRIT II or SPIRIT III clinical trials. In mid-May, at EuroPCR, we look forward to presenting two-year data from our larger 1,000-patient U.S. pivotal trial, SPIRIT III. We are pleased today to confirm that this data has been accepted as a late-breaker presentation and the lead investigator of the trial, Dr. Gregg Stone, will be highlighting the data at a podium presentation. We'll also present four-year data from SPIRIT I as well as 30-day data from SPIRIT V, which is our 2,700 patient registry trial that completed enrollment at the end of the last year. Additionally, we anticipate publication of the one-year SPIRIT III data very soon. We continue to enroll patients in our U.S. continued access trial, SPIRIT IV, which now has more than 3,000 patients enrolled. As a reminder, we expanded SPIRIT IV to nearly 3,700 patients in this trial last year, which is evaluating the primary end-point of MACE at one year. So for the quarter, our global DES franchise sales, which include XIENCE as well as our third-party DES product revenues, were approximately $100 million for the quarter, up nearly 30% sequentially from the fourth quarter. Despite an expected high single-digit decline in U.S. PCI volumes versus the first quarter of last year, worldwide coronary stent sales, which include bare-metal and drug-eluting stents, were up more than 18% in the quarter. PCI volumes also impacted other coronary sales where we saw lower third-party catheter sales in the first quarter. As a sign of market recovery however, U.S. PCI volumes were up sequentially versus the fourth quarter, and DES penetration also improved to the mid-to-high 60% range at the end of March. This is encouraging as we continue to see evidence that the DES market has stabilized and we anticipate the entry of new next-generation DES technology, including XIENCE, will help to improve market growth as we move throughout the year. Looking forward to the second quarter in Vascular, we expect double-digit growth for the business. Finally, let me take a few minutes to address our overall pipeline. [inaudible] after submitting a record number of major new products for approval last year, we've already received several regulatory approvals and begun to launch process for a number of products. And we continue to execute on every phase of our late-stage pipeline and regulatory approval. As I've mentioned, already this year we have launched HUMIRA for psoriasis and juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, as well as Simcor for comprehensive cholesterol treatment. In diabetes, we received U.S. approval for FreeStyle Navigator, our continuous glucose meter... monitor, as well as the launch of FreeStyle Freedom Lite. Also this year, we anticipate FDA approval for our drug-eluting stent, XIENCE V, as Tom said in the second quarter; our next-generation fenofibrate, TriLipix, and our controlled-release branded medication, Vicodin CR. And in the next several months, we plan to present data on several of our pipeline compounds. Upcoming data that I haven't mentioned includes the first presentation of our Phase III pivotal trial data in chronic pain for controlled-release Vicodin at the American Pain Society meeting in May. This past February, we presented data from our Vicodin CR long-term safety trial as well as additional efficacy trials. We submitted Vicodin CR to FDA at the end of last year from moderate to moderately severe pain indication and anticipate approval at the end of this year. From our early stage pipeline, we'll be presenting data at the American Psychiatric Association in May on ABT-089, one of neuroscience compounds for ADHD, as well as early stage data from our oncology compounds at ASCO in June. We believe we have one of the highest productivity rates for late-stage pipeline products in our industry. As a result, 2008 is one of the most significant years for Abbott in terms of major new product launches, including three major new products that have been accepted by the agency and are currently under active FDA review, including XIENCE, TriLipix and Vicodin CR. So in summary, we are pleased with our results for the quarter. In 2008, we continue to expect another year of double-digit performance accelerating as well. With that, we'll now open up the call for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question this morning is from Glenn Reicin, and please state your company name, sir.
Glenn Reicin: Morgan Stanley. Thank you. Two questions, guys. The first is for Tom. Can you go over how FX actually impacts your company both top line and bottom line? I think there is a lot of focus right now on gross margins. If you can quantify the impact of FX in Q1 and what do [ph] you think it is going to impact the gross margins for the year? And then the second question is about XIENCE. Can you talk a little bit about the ramp in Europe and what you would expect out of overseas sales for the second quarter?
Thomas C. Freyman: Sure, Glenn. Obviously, foreign exchange helped our top line a little over 5% in the first quarter. And you know, we've been going through many quarters of this pattern. For our company, the fall-through effect on gross margin of exchange has been pretty consistently negative and that's because the countries where we had these favorable exchange variances on sales, the average gross margin on those countries is below our corporate average and so you get a bit of a mix effect a country mix effect in gross margin. And that really is the entire reason that we are a little below our previous forecast that we provided on the fourth-quarter call and it was a good chunk of the decline from the prior year along with the Omnicef item we mentioned. Another thing to keep in mind about Abbott is we do have and over the years we have much more manufacturing overseas than we used to have. Really, this is a good thing in the long term because when it comes to exchange, we've got a much better match of our costs and our revenues. So when the dollar weakens as it has, we get a little less benefit and if the dollar were to start strengthening again we'd be very much protected as wed move forward from that point of view. So I think you're going to see a lot less volatility from this strategy, but in the short run you have seen some impact on the ratio. That said, we will still managed to deliver very strong, as you know, bottom line growth for the quarter, and when you look at gross margin for the full-year, we brought it down probably 0.7% or 0.8% from our original forecast. All of that is exchange. The underlying businesses are performing as we expected and hopefully this will just be a transitional item.
Glenn Reicin: Your previous guidance said, it was in the 58%, 59% range, is that what it was for the year?
Thomas C. Freyman: That's right. And now we are closer to 58% on average we think for the year.
Glenn Reicin: Okay. So what was the exacting [ph] impact from Omnicef and from FX gross margins for this quarter year-over-year?
Thomas C. Freyman: The impact of FX was close to a point and Omnicef was a little less than that, and there are offsetting items elsewhere going positively in the business.
Glenn Reicin: Okay. That's helpful.
John Thomas: Glenn, this is John. On your question about EU launch, obviously we are very pleased with the way things are going, particularly with the early start in France. That is going ahead of our expectations. We have strong share there of high-teens after just a couple of weeks in the market. So that obviously will have a impact on second quarter where we expect very, very strong double-digit growth, EU, as we continue to penetrate in France, which is the second-largest market and also one where we've gotten pricing that's very competitive and actually better than the most recent product that came into market. So we are doing well. As I mentioned in my comments, overall share excluding France is in the low to mid 20s and we are just now penetrating that. In some markets, we are seeing share reach the 30% or 40% range and we are continuing to launch in different geographies around the world. So I'd say we are pretty pleased. We have more and more longer-term data. Remember, when we began the launch of this product in Europe, we were dealing with small amounts of data over a short period of time and we now have SPIRIT III, one year; SPIRIT II, two year; and we will have the full two-year SPIRIT III data, as I mentioned, the PCR here, in a couple of weeks. So we feel pretty good about the way things are going in obviously not only EU but we're focused on U.S. launch during the second quarter.
Glenn Reicin: Im not going to let you off that easily. So for the second quarter, are you looking at $15 million sequential growth, $30 million sequential growth, $50 million, can you give us some ballpark?
John Thomas: I'd say it's between those last two numbers that you gave.
Glenn Reicin: Between 30 and 50?
John Thomas: Roughly.
Glenn Reicin: Thank you very much.
John Thomas: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Larry Keusch, and please state your company name.
Lawrence Keusch: Yes, it's Goldman Sachs. Tom, first on no mention really of the cash flow generation in the quarter, I am wondering if you could just give us any feel to the extend that to have it. And on top of that, I think if you add up the share repurchase with the 800 million that you've purchased in the first quarter, you did 1 billion last year, you're coming close to that $2.5 billion authorization, maybe just help us again to think about how you are thinking about deploying cash? And then the second question, for either of you guys, as J&J mentioned, some early hints that maybe there were some weakening in surgical procedures growth, and again I know you don't hit the surgical suite in a major way, but just any thought there would be helpful.
Thomas C. Freyman: Cash flow was very good in the quarter. Our operating cash flow was up over 25%. That will be reflected in our 10-Q, so very good story there. Shares, we have around $700 million remaining on our authorization. And you're right, Larry, last year we did buy back around $1 billion and as evidenced in our first-quarter buybacks and really what we've done in the last few years, this continues to be a very important program for us in terms of returning cash to shareholders and returning value to shareholders. So we hope to continue that as we progress. Cash deployment, I mean we increased our dividend over 10% announced [ph] back in February and shareholders will see that for the first time in their May checks. So we continue to be committed to a strong dividend growth as we have been over the last 35 plus years. And the share repurchase you mentioned, certainly I think we may look at debt to a degree, but we are somewhat comfortable with our debt levels right now and I think the other items would be probably higher priority over the near-term. I'll comment a little bit on surgical procedures. As I talk to our various business people, I'm hearing really none of that. Perhaps it's because of the nature of our businesses that we're not as capital intense in terms of sales as some of the other companies that have talked about this. Obviously, we're not capital intensive or we really don't depend on that. And if you look at our device businesses in the first quarter, they were strong, certainly I think relative to expectations, and we are really not seen any impact some of the other companies have talked about. Maybe John can comment on that as well.
John Thomas: Now, I... the business reviews that we've done, Larry, there is no indication across the board that there is any impact from the economy on our businesses in general and certainly not with procedures or buying patterns that we've seen.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. Terrific. Thanks, guys.
John Thomas: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Weinstein, and please state your company name.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, good morning. JPMorgan.
Thomas C. Freyman: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein: Good morning. I'm going to apologize upfront because I was jumping back and forth between your call and the St. Jude call, so I missed some of the discussion. Did you give some metrics relative to the HUMIRA license for psoriasis and where you think you are with the derms right now?
John Thomas: Yes, we did. I mentioned in my remarks, Mike, that we were up about eight share points since the launch, which has only been a few weeks, and that we are in excess of 20% share in derm now.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, perfect. Let me switch gears on the discussion around the TAP resolution and the bringing of Lupron in-house. Could you just talk a little bit strategically about the company's efforts to build out an oncology presence? And obviously, you've done some collaborations that are pretty interesting and you've got an early-stage pipeline, but between now and the development of that pipeline there is going to be some time. So how do [ph] you think about external opportunities in oncology? Has that become a priority for the company as it looks to build out a bigger presence in oncology in near and longer term?
John Thomas: Well, its certainly a key strategic priority. We had a very, I think, well-received arrangement with Genentech last year where we were going to co-develop two Abbott compounds and obviously Genentech brings a lot of things to the party for us in terms of development expertise and ultimately partnering potential in the oncology market when these products come to market. On top of that, we have three other pretty significant opportunities in earlier stages in oncology and those are totally within our control. So it is an important strategic area for us, and Lupron coming in with this good oncology franchise is something we can build around. And obviously Lupron has been a product that's been very steady on the market for a long period of time and we expect that to continue many years into the future, and as the product progress their way through the development pipeline we will be able to build around that and ultimately with Genentech with a couple of products and building around this Lupron franchise have a good commercial presence when the products come to market.
Michael Weinstein: And last question, do you want to talk a little bit about expectations for XIENCE as the launch approaches in the U.S., assuming this will be the... hopefully will be the last earnings call prior to the approval? The Street has been jacking [ph] around with what they think XIENCE might do domestically. Do you want to update your thoughts there?
John Thomas: Well, we feel very good about it. Obviously, with the data this product has weve felt great about it all along. The deliverability of this stent has really played out, we think, in Europe, and as we've seen bare-metal recover here with the temporary declines in DES market, the platform is obviously very, very popular and it's a great platform. So with the commercial organization we have, the data, the stent platform, we continue to see no reason we can't have for XIENCE alone a year out from launch 25% to 30% share of the U.S. market and that certainly is our baseline target. And we don't see any reason we can't do at least that well going forward.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, great. Thank you, Tom.
Thomas C. Freyman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Larry Biegelsen, and please state your company name.
Larry Biegelsen: Hi, thanks. Wachovia. Thanks for taking the question.
John Thomas: Hello.
Larry Biegelsen: On TAP, the $1.5 billion in payments over five years, what percent of that is royalties, what percent is milestone payments? That's my first question.
Thomas C. Freyman: Larry, we haven't broken that out specifically. It's cash payments spread over five years and what we are going to do is update you as we go through the year on an outlook, we gave you the second quarter of a 100 million and that's all cash payments from Takeda related to the deal. So as we go forward we'll do that. But we are not specifically breaking out the percentages of that.
Larry Biegelsen: Okay. Any update on Depakote ER and your expectations for a generic to launch once the IR patents expire in July?
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, certainly Larry. As we've said many times in the past, this... the IR compound patent does expire late July. We've fully factored that into our plan. As you know, we have processed intellectual property patents around the ER version and as John mentioned in his remarks well over 50% of the scripts are in the ER version, but we have watched and experienced over the last few years aggressive activity from generics and have concluded that while we will defend our intellectual property as we always do, it would not be prudent to predict the behavior of generic companies and not... we really have not built our forecast for the second half of the year counting on much out of Depakote ER. The only thing we are expecting is a degree of brand loyalty, fairly modest, and the epilepsy aspect of that product, but weve very realistic about planning it. Nothing really has changed from the last time we talked about it on the fourth quarter call, and we feel very comfortable that we've very realistically factored in the Depakote generic issue in our financial forecast for the year.
Larry Biegelsen: My last question is just could you talk about how you view the disruption in the cholesterol market caused by ENHANCE? I mean specifically, do you see it as a net positive or negative for your cholesterol franchise? Thanks.
John Thomas: Yes. Hi, Larry. So actually what we've seen is, we have as you probably have noted there has been some recent prescription trend impact to the products that you are referring to, both Vytorin and Zetia, but really no others in the class. And as I mentioned in my remarks, both of our products in fact all three of our products now have done quite well and total prescription share for Tricor and Niaspan are both growing ahead of the cholesterol market, albeit at a cholesterol market growth rate that is somewhat down from last year. But still we are growing in excess of the market, Niaspan almost twice as strong as the market. And so, really it's a question of which therapies are being used and we've continued to see in the market an expansion of generic Zocor, Simvastatin, which is to be expected and that actually is not a bad thing for us as the base of generic Zocor prescriptions expands with Simcor. That's a natural opportunity for us as well. So [inaudible] about what weve got, haven't seen significant impact here in the marketplace really only to those two therapies.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks.
John Thomas: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rick Wise, and please state your company name.
Frederick Wise: Good morning, everybody, couple of questions here. Tom, tax rate I think it [ph] includes R&D tax credits. Can you remind us what the potential impact is?
Thomas C. Freyman: Sure. First of all, we don't have that included in our forecast nor should anybody because obviously Congress is not extended or enacted the new R&D tax credit thats being contemplated. It's fairly modest impact. If it did happen, that would be a bit of an upside to our tax rate, it would take it down a little bit, but it's not huge for us, relatively modest, but certainly it's not something we can count on or that frankly anyone should gone on this year.
Frederick Wise: Okay. Turning back to XIENCE, you all continue to expect a second quarter launch. Can you give us any perspective on what you've incorporated in your second quarter guidance, either in timing, any kind of color you can give us? And there has been some concern that there was some [ph] back and forth with the FDA on issues... unnamed issues. Do you feel like you're working through whatever process you're going through and are you as confident, more confident, any color would be helpful?
John Thomas: Okay. Well, I would say that we're right on track as we mentioned with our second quarter approval timing, and based on that we're obviously far along in the process. So, we are not going to respond to any speculation on discussions with the FDA, that's not appropriate, but obviously we are comfortable in terms of tracking right to that the second quarter timing expectation. And to get there we would have to be far along. We are not going to get specific about what month or what week it's going to be and I don't think that investors are interested in that as much as they are with the fact that the product is going to come to market, that it's going to take significant share when it does get to market. So, I'd say in general, things are progressing in a positive manner and we're in the final steps of the process.
Thomas C. Freyman: And Rick, we're careful planners and my second quarter is not dependent on precise timing of the XIENCE approval.
Frederick Wise: That's good to hear. And Tom, related to that you highlighted the... you all highlighted the increasing PCI procedures, the increasing DES penetration. On the other side, can you talk about price pressures? We've heard about a little more aggressive price pressure with Endeavor now on the market. Is it tracking in line with what you would have thought [inaudible] any perspective there would be welcome?
John Thomas: Well, I'll take that Rick. Actually, the pricing situation year-over-year, as expected, is similar to I think what one of the competitors mentioned last year in terms of an overall decline in the U.S. of about 6%. EU, our numbers are actually a little bit better than what heard yesterday, down about 8% year-over-year. But what's encouraging is the sequential decline is actually only about 1% in both the U.S. and EU from fourth quarter to first quarter. So, price is holding up quite nicely, and as we talked about before, we've got a premium price in France for our product, that's a better product with the best technology and best data and ahead of what the last competitor that came to market was able to get in that market. So, pricing has actually appeared to stabilize and is only down a little bit sequentially.
Frederick Wise: I must sneak in one last one here. Obviously, you have been spending in advance of all the new products that are launching and as you have highlighted, John, are expected to launch throughout this year. Question, Tom, is on operating leverage. With gross margins maybe a little more pressured than you thought and we thought, can we still expect to see positive operating leverage on the operating line as we go through the year, and is there... I keep thinking there's going to be more leverage in the P&L maybe at some point as these new products launch and the positive mix flows through. Is that realistic?
Thomas C. Freyman: That continues to be an objective, and looking at the operating margin ratio we do see a degree of leverages thats here for the full year as we forecast it right now. But I think when you look... even though our gross margin is a little down from our expectation, it still has the potential to be slightly up from last year and when you look at the rest of the P&L that should result in a bit of operating leverage this year. But now this is not the year when you're launching such important products for us to be that focused on operating average, and we've got to get these products well-established, which we are making great progress on as John talked about in the first quarter. And I think the SG&A leverage for us... and we said this on the fourth quarter call that we are going to be roughly the same level as we were last year as a percent of sales. Operating leverage probably comes a little beyond 2008 for us, but it continues to be an objective and we want to see the ratios improve as well. But with that said, we you still see EPS for us growing faster than sales this year and to me that's the ultimate leverage when you add it all the way up to the bottom line including the good job we've done in the tax area over the years. You are seeing leverage and EPS and that's very important.
Frederick Wise: Thank you so much.
Thomas C. Freyman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bruce Cranna, and please state your company name.
Bruce Cranna: Hi, good morning. It's Leerink Swann.
Thomas C. Freyman: Hello.
Bruce Cranna: Hi, guys. John, just so Im clear on the Takeda thing, I don't want to... I won't push too hard, but if I roughly look at the Lupron sales and figure, kind of a normal pre-tax rate on that, and then add $300 million or so run rate from Takeda, is it fair to look at that combination on a pre-tax basis as being maybe slightly more favorable to you this year than the way we've been looking at the other income line from TAP?
Thomas C. Freyman: No. What you really got to be careful on is the tax issue here, and remember that while it's true our pre-tax income when you combine the two lines, both the Lupron margins and the other income line that I talked about in my remarks, it will be higher. The tax rate on this flowing through our tax line is also higher and that's closer to U.S. statutory rates. When we get down to the net profit, at least in 2008, that's where we get to the neutral to EPS conclusion. As I said in my remarks and we said earlier when we announced the deal, beyond 2008 this could be neutral to better to earnings. But this year because of the net effect, pretty neutral.
Bruce Cranna: Okay. And then [inaudible] at EuroPCR, any comment on what sort of numbers we might see in [ph] patients for two years?
John Thomas: What do you mean what sort of numbers?
Bruce Cranna: Well, how many patients for two years you think?
John Thomas: I think weve got about... yes, it's about a 1000 and we look forward to presenting that data and investors are interested in that data. We are in the process of compiling it right now. So we'll see it in a couple of weeks.
Bruce Cranna: And then John, lastly for me, I have to ask on the Niaspan side, you mentioned your expectations for '08 sort of I think you said strong double digits. How do you think about the risks to that franchise from a presumptive Coadaptive launch and if so how do you manage that if that drug does in fact launch?
John Thomas: Well, the way we look at it and we've always said this is that we expect that product to come to market. It is in our models. I can't comment and I dont think it would be appropriate for us to comment on potential FDA approval or not or delays or so forth because we've obviously heard different views. Our job is to plan for the most conservative situation, and so we plan that they will be in the market. We think that will bring additional share of voice and emphasis on the importance of raising HDL and that's a good thing for growing the entire market. We have a lot of respect for Merck and their abilities on the pharma side. And so, between the two of us, I think we will continue to promote the benefits of HDL raising, which are well known. Niaspan stands out on its own in terms of its data for HDL raising as I mentioned and it's also one of the safest products. It has been around a long time. Our new film-coated version has some benefits that older extended release Niaspan products do not have in terms of tolerability, side-effect profile and so forth. So, when you look at all of that together, I guess the only thing I'd say is if that product does come to market, that being Coadaptive, the only thing we look at is it doesn't really provide in our opinion an efficacy benefit. It adds a new molecular entity over the long term to lower what is a nuisance side effect, not a safety issue, and that product does not eliminate that side effect. In fact, as I mentioned in my remarks, when you look at discontinuation rates due to flushing, our data suggests that Niaspan has less than 6% of patients continue due to flushing and that stacks up last I saw very favorably to what Merck has shown on Coadaptive.
Bruce Cranna: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
John Thomas: You're welcome.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to the speakers for closing remarks.
John Thomas: Okay, thank you. That concludes our conference call. A replay of this call will be available after 11 AM Central Time today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com and after 11 AM Central Time via telephone at 402-220-6439, confirmation code 5567475. The audio replay will be available until 4 PM next Wednesday, April 23rd. And we do thank you again for joining us today. Please call us if you have any questions.
Operator: Thank you, and this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen-only until the question-and-answer portion of this call. [Operator Instructions]. This call is being recorded by Abbott with the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session. The entire call including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, sir; you may begin.
John Thomas: Thanks, good morning and thanks for joining us everybody. Also on today's call will be Miles White, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Thomas Freyman, Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Miles will provide opening remarks on Abbott's 2007 performance and outlook for 2008, and Tom will review the details of our financial results, I will then add some additional information on the major businesses. Following our comments, we will take any questions that you have. Some statements made today maybe forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the cautions of these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A risk factors to our Annual Report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st 2006, and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. If non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure and earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on Abbott's website at abbott.com. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Miles. Miles?
Miles D. White: Okay. Thanks John, and good morning to all of you. As you can see from our earnings news release, Abbott reported another year of strong results in 2007 while at the same time investing for our future. In addition, we positioned Abbott for continued success by executing on our major priorities and goals for the year. Our confidence in the future is based on the strength and the balance of our broad mix of leading businesses from medical products to pharmaceuticals to nutritionals and diagnostics. Together these businesses provide a diverse mix of cash flows and multiple sources of earnings growth that should help us achieve consistent leading performance in the coming years. Going forward, we are targeting higher growth markets including emerging market, where we can distinguish Abbott from the competition with leading technology and innovative new products that meet the needs of patients and customers. In 2007, we saw that focus pay-off as our unique mix of businesses and new product delivered strong results with full year sales growth of more than 15%. For the first time in our history, our mix of total sales favored our international business, which accounted for slightly more than 50% of our $26 billion in sales. Ongoing earnings per share growth for the full year increased more than 12%, and we expect strong performance again this year, which is reflected in our EPS guidance range of $3.20 to $3.25 a share. As we have indicated before, our guidance accounts for realistic assumptions regarding Depakote sales. Tom will walk you through our financial results in a moment, including more details on our fourth quarter results and our outlook for 2008 and John will add further color to our business and product performance. Before they do so, let me start with my perspective on 2007. Our strong financial performance was only one aspect of the Abbott story in 2007. We achieved a number of important milestones that further strengthened our company and complement the changes that we have made; much of what we have accomplished last year will be evident in our performance over the next several years. So, let me take a moment to review some of these highlights. First, we met or exceeded every timeline for regulatory submission or approval across our board base late stage development pipeline. In pharmaceuticals, we received global regulatory approval and launched the Crohn's indication of HUMIRA. We also filed for approval of Psoriasis, which we received in both U.S. and Europe within the last few weeks. In addition, we submitted for the approval of two new products that hold promise for expanding our lipid franchise Simcor, our combination therapy of Niaspan and generic simvastatin and ABT-335, our next-generation fenofibrate. Our fourth product submission was Vicodin CR, our extended release version of the well-known branded pain medication. And finally, our TAP joint venture filed TAK-390MR, its next-generation proton pump inhibitor for treatment of gas from intestinal disorders. The execution of these filings means that over the next 12 months our commercial teams are poised to launch four new Abbott Pharmaceutical brands in the U.S. Our late stage pipeline flow, however, was by no mean limited to pharmaceuticals last year. In our vascular business, we filed for U.S. Regulatory approval of XIENCE V last June, then received a positive recommendation for approval from an FDA Advisory Panel in late November. In our diabetes care business, we launched FreeStyle Lite, our new no-calibration blood glucose monitoring device. FreeStyle Freedom Lite, our second new no-coding meter was launched in Europe and submitted for U.S. approval. In our global nutrition's business, we launched new formulation of our leading and formula brand Similac, and continue to expand the market for adult nutritionals through the introduction of new and short formulation in select markets. In our global diagnostic business, we recently added new assays to PRISM menu strengthening our number one position in the blood screening market. We also launched our new high volume architect Immunochemistry Systems. In a molecular diagnostics, we launched our m2000 Real-Time PCR System in the U.S. So as you can see, we had a good deal of activity on the new product front in 2007. Second highlight from last year was the effective return of cash to shareholders. We paid approximately $2 billion in dividend, the 35th consecutive year of increasing dividend, and we repurchased more than $1 billion worth of Abbott stock. We also used our financial strength to invest more in our R&D pipeline as well as our commercial operations to ensure we fully leverage our late stage pipeline and related new product launches. To that point, last year our combined investments in R&D and SG&A grew double-digits including the impact of the Kos acquisition. Our third major accomplishment last year was refining our pharmaceutical research and development efforts around our early and mid-stage pipeline, where we saw good productivity improvements. Our pharmaceutical R&D teams improved both their execution and their decision making as they moved innovative high quality programs forward more efficiently than in the past and with some tangible results. A significant number of compounds moved from discovery to development last year and more than 75% of our new molecular entities advanced to the next stage of discovery or development. This included promising early stage compounds in neuroscience and oncology as well as later stage therapies such as ABT-874 our next generation IL-12/23 biologic, which we just moved into final Phase III clinical trials for Psoriasis based on outstanding Phase II results. Our fourth major accomplishment of 2007 included two important new capital investments that will support our fast growing business lines. We completed construction of our new state-of-the-art biologics manufacturing facility in Puerto Rico to support our long-term growth outlook for HUMIRA and other innovative biologics that are in development. In addition, we continued construction at our new manufacturing facility in Singapore to support our long-term growth projections for global nutritionals, where consumer demand is driving rapid growth in the fastest growing emerging economies of Asia and Latin America. The fifth major achievement I had mentioned in last year was the completion of the integration of our Kos Pharmaceuticals acquisition, which strengthened our position in lipid management. That gives you a sense for some of the major accomplishments in 2007 in addition to our strong financial results. The common thread among all our achievements last year was that each one of them help position Abbot for consistent performance in the future. And as we enter 2008, our leadership team has outlined new goals and expectations that will drive our organization, and like last year I expect that we will deliver on them. It's very early in the year, but we are up to a good start HUMIRA psoriasis received FDA approval just a few days ago following EU approval in December, so let me discuss HUMIRA first. HUMIRA, as you know, is our flagship biologic for a variety of autoimmune diseases and it continues to have significant long-term potential. In 2007, HUMIRA outperformed on every level and finished the year with total global sales exceeding $3 billion making it the first Abbot brand to reach that level of success. But once last year, the Crohn's indication consistently exceeded our expectation as HUMIRA rapidly gained market share. That level of acceptance continues today with more than one in three biologics patients in the U.S. now receiving HUMIRA for the treatment of their Crohn's disease. We expect similar results for HUMIRA's launch and psoriasis, which is just now getting underway in both Europe and the U.S. supported by clinical data that is truly best-in-class. HUMIRA is differentiated by efficacy and convenience within our global psoriasis market that should reach $3 billion over the next few years making it the fastest growing market segment within biologics. Given HUMIRA's continued strength as well as the promise of our newest indications, we now expect global sales of approximately $4 billion in 2008. As important as it is, HUMIRA represent only one pillar of our global pharmaceutical strategy. As I mentioned earlier, 2007 proved to be a critical year in establishing Abbott as a major player in lipid management currently the largest U.S. pharmaceutical market. So another priority this year is the launch of Simcor, a fixed-dose combination of Niaspan and simvastatin that combines the LDL lowering effects of the statin with the HDL raising benefits of Niaspan. We've built our lipid franchise to address the growing patient need for comprehensive lipid management, where Abbott could participate with as many as five unique therapies by 2010. Of course another priority in 2008 is the approval and launch of XIENCE in the United States and the continued successful launch of XIENCE via new international markets. XIENCE remains the only drug-eluting stent that has demonstrated clinical superiority over another drug-coated stent in controlled randomized clinical trials. A strong body of scientific data for XIENCE as well as our experienced U.S. vascular sales force puts us in a good position when we launch. Recall that Abbott maintains market share leadership in bare metal stents with division platform. So our commercial team does know how to win and what remains a highly competitive market. We are also advancing several next generation stent technologies behind XIENCE V as we work to meet our goal of releasing new technology at regular intervals over the next several years. This includes the continued development progress of our fully bioabsorbable drug-eluting stents, the first and only said program currently in human clinical trials. With the U.S. launch of XIENCE V and the continued strength of our portfolio of related products, our emerging vascular business continues to offer the promise of significant growth in the coming years. International nutritionals is another driver of profitable growth for Abbott and another top priority for 2008. As you saw from today's result, this business grew close to 20% last year. Like others, we have had good success in emerging market such as Southeast Asia and Latin America as improving economies and population growth drive increasing demands for nutritional products. In order to meet this strong, particularly in markets such as China, next year we will open our new manufacturing facility in Singapore. In our other medical products businesses, our priority for 2008 is the continued execution of product launches such as the Architect and PRISM menus and Diagnostics, and FreeStyle Lite and Freedom Lite in diabetes care. We expect continued strong results in these businesses. As I have noted earlier, we have increased the speed and efficiency with which we advance our early stage programs, where Abbott scientists are doing some promising work in areas such as oncology and neuroscience. We will be doing more this year to ensure that our early stage pipeline productivity keeps pace with our late stage pipeline success. So in summary, I am confident that our board mix of high growth businesses provides us with a unique balance one that can help us offset any possible challenges. As we build on that balance model, we are continuing to grow stronger with the diverse array of new earnings growth drivers that should benefit our performance for years to come. With that I will turn it over to Tom and John for a more detailed look at our fourth quarter highlights and our outlook for 2008. Tom?
Thomas C. Freyman: Thanks, Miles. For the fourth quarter, we reported diluted earnings per share excluding specified items of $0.93 within our guidance range of $0.91 to $0.93. Sales this quarter increased 16.1% including a favorable 4.5% effect on exchange rates. Results were strong across our businesses, with pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, and nutritionals all contributing double digit growth. The adjusted gross margin ratio on the quarter was 58.3% up sequentially from the third quarter. This was somewhat below the prior due to the reduction in the contributions from Synagis and Omnicef in the U.S. and an increase in commodity cost in our nutritionals business. During the quarter, we continue to invest in the business to drive future growth. R&D investments reflect continuing progress in our pipeline. As indicated earlier, this includes the new HUMIRA indications, ABT-874, controlled-release Vicodin and XIENCE as well as several promising Phase I and Phase II Clinical programs in neuroscience and oncology. SG&A expense included the new and ongoing promotional initiatives, including the launch of the Crohn's and psoriasis indications for HUMIRA, the international launch of XIENCE V, and preparation for key product launches in 2008. Income from the TAP joint venture this quarter of $122 million was in line with our expectations. Tax rate for ongoing operations in the quarter was 19.5% consistent with our previous guidance. For the full year 2007, we delivered sales growth of 15.3% and ongoing earnings per share growth of 12.3%. Overall, 2007 was a successful year as we delivered on our financial commitments, and executed on our initiative to ensure a strong 2008, which I will turn to now. For the full year 2008, we expect high single to low double-digit sales growth and we are providing earnings per share guidance of $3.20 to $3.25 excluding specified items. Forecasting steady improvement in the gross margin ratio over 2007, with a ratio between 58% and 59% for the full year 2008, reflecting improved product mix and efficiency initiatives. The forecasting continuing investment and programs to drive future growth with R&D as a percentage of sales between 9% and 10%. SG&A as a percentage of sales for the full year 2007 was close to 27%, and we are forecasting a similar level for 2008. SG&A in 2008 reflects both the synergies of the Kos acquisition and an appropriate level of investments to properly execute five major product launches that are planned for the year. Regarding other aspects of our 2008 outlook we are forecasting income from the TAP joint venture of $350 million to $400 million, and net interest expense of roughly $400 million. We are projecting a modest reduction in the tax rate for 2008 based on continued changes in the mix of income across the various tax jurisdictions. The tax rate for 2008 is expected to be somewhat above 19%. As a result, when you look at the overall P&L for the year, we are forecasting an improvement in our operating margins and net margin ratios in 2008. Now let's turn to our outlook for the first quarter. We are providing earnings per share guidance of $0.61 to $0.63 excluding specified items. Midpoint of this range represents nearly 13% growth over the prior year. We expect somewhat stronger growth over the balance of the year with growth of approximately 13% to 14% over each of the remaining three quarters, forecasting high single to low double-digit sales growth in the first quarter for the gross margin ratio approaching 58%. Given the timing and number of product launches in 2008, we are forecasting SG&A as a percent of sale in the first quarter in the high 20s which should decline as we progress through the year again with the full year average at roughly 27%. With that, let's turn to the business operating highlights. John?
John Thomas: Thanks, Tom. This morning, I will review the performance of our major business segments: Pharma, Nutritionals, and Medical Products, including Diabetes Care, Diagnostics and Abbott Vascular. So let me start with our Global Pharmaceutical business, where sales grew nearly 19% in the quarter and 18% for the full year. In our Immunology business, HUMIRA surpassed our expectations for the full year, exceeding $3 billion in worldwide sales. With its well established safety and efficacy profile, HUMIRA is becoming the anti-TNF therapy of choice. Now with four additional indications approved beyond rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and now psoriasis, HUMIRA is securing a strong position in both the gastro and dermatology markets in addition to the rheumatology market. In Crohn's disease, HUMIRA offers the only self administered biologic treatment for patients providing a distinct convenience advantage over the competition. And for this reason and others, we are seeing strong demand from new patients, as well as those switching from other therapies. And following last week's announcements, we just launched HUMIRA for psoriasis in the U.S. following Europe. Our data in psoriasis have demonstrated that three out of four HUMIRA patients achieve 75% skin clearance nearly half of patients reaching 90% skin clearance and nearly one in five patients achieved complete remission from their disease. And HUMIRA is the only therapy that's demonstrated superiority over the standards systemic treatment, methotrexate and a head-to-head clinical trial. This data versus what's been shown with other biologics has raised the bar for reliable skin clearance and moderate to severe psoriasis patients. These results and growing awareness of HUMIRA among dermatologist should provide for a promising entry into this expanding biologics market. It's a market that is currently $1 billion in global sales and is expected to triple in the next several years. In 2008, we expect continued growth across all five of HUMIRA's indication. Now we plan add a six, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis in the coming months. So in 2008, as Miles indicated, we anticipate global HUMIRA sales of approximately $4 billion. In our Lipid Management franchise, Niaspan, our HDL raising therapy posted nearly $180 million of sales in the quarter, exceeding our forecast of $650 million for the full year of 2007. Niaspan is the only prescription therapy capable of increasing HDL 25% to 35% on average with proven cardiovascular outcomes. Low HDL is recognized as an independent risk factor for heart disease in the guidelines developed by the National Cholesterol Education Program, a leading authority on cholesterol management in the U.S. Since the launch last year of a new film coated Niaspan tablets and the additional promotional efforts following the Kos acquisition, we have steadily increased Niaspan share growth. We expect double-digit growth for Niaspan to continue in 2008. At the same time, our sales force in commercial organization are preparing for the first quarter launch of our combination therapy Simcor. We presented Phase III data at the American Heart Association late last year that demonstrated Simcor's role and proving key lipid levels versus the use of a stent alone. Also in the quarter, TriCor had good performance with double-digit growth for the full year as well. TriCor remains the best available therapy for lowering triglycerides with a long established safety and efficacy profile. We submitted ABT-335, our next generation fenofibrate for FDA approval at the end of 2007 and we remain on-track for FDA approval of this product in the fourth quarter of 2008. So, for 2008 we expect strong double-digit growth in our lipid franchise again. Moving and to our virology franchise, where both Kaletra and Norvir were up strong double-digits in the quarter. Kaletra remains the gold standard protease inhibitor providing physicians with the clinical confidence to manage HIV as a chronic long-term illness. In November in the U.S., we launched a new lower strength Kaletra tablets specifically formulated for children, and expect approval on Europe soon. For 2008, we expect worldwide sales of Kaletra in the mid single digit range. Depakote sales in the quarter were up double-digits. Depakote ER, our once daily...once a day version of Depakote accounts for more than 50% of total Depakote prescriptions. With regard to Synthroid, U.S. sales in the quarter were $132 million and $458 million for the full year. For 2008, we anticipate U.S. Synthroid sales to again exceed $400 million. So for 2008 in our U.S. pharmaceuticals business, we expect full year sales growth in the high single-digits, which includes as Miles mentioned a realistic assumption for Depakote sales for the full year. And we expect international pharmaceutical sales growth in the mid to high single-digits. And in the TAP joint venture sales of Prevacid and Lupron in the quarter were inline with our expectations. Earlier this month TAP submitted TAK-390MR, its next generation proton pump inhibitor for FDA approval. A filing, which was completed earlier than expected, includes clinical trial data from over 6000 patients have plans to present data on this product during the first half of 2008. TAP also continues to forecast a mid-2008 submission for Febuxostat, its compound for TAP [ph]. In our Global Nutritionals business, sales in the quarter were up 11%, driven by 26% in international nutritionals as demand continues to increase for high quality nutritional products particularly in the emerging markets. Performance was balanced across both adult and pediatric nutritional. In the U.S., excluding Synagis nutritional sales increased 11% this quarter, with more than 10% sales growth across both the adult and pediatric segments. New product introductions, especially our infant formula Similac Sensitive and Similac Organic are contributing to this momentum. In 2008, we expect mid single-digit sales growth in our U.S. nutritionals business and mid-teens growth internationally. Turning now to our medical product businesses; let me start with diabetes here. Our worldwide sales were up 15% in the fourth quarter, and nearly 10% for the full year. We continue to gain new user share with our more convenient FreeStyle Lite meter. Launched in June, FreeStyle Lite offered blood glucose results at an average of just 5 seconds while eliminating the manual calibration step required by most meters in the market. We are on-track to launch FreeStyle Freedom Lite, our second no-coding meter in the U.S. this quarter, following a successful introduction in Europe last October. With both FreeStyle Freedom and Lite products we continue to differentiate ourselves from the competition. We also further expanded our commercial presence in the emerging markets. In India and China for example sales grew more than 70% in the fourth quarter. In our pipeline, we are focused on continuing to improve testing convenience for people with diabetes, and developing a fully integrated blood glucose monitoring system that combines a meter, test strips and lancing capabilities in one device, enabling simple, point, and quick testing. We also anticipate launching our navigator continuous glucose monitoring in the U.S. later this quarter, but for 2008, we expect continued double-digit growth in Abbott Diabetes Care. Now let me turn to our Diagnostic business, where sales grew 13% in the quarter driven by continued strong growth in our International business, which comprises a significant portion of our overall sales. We also saw a double-digit growth in our Immunochemistry and Hematology segment this quarter. Our International business drove much of this growth, with strong sales in Europe, Latin America and Asia. Sales in China for example were up more than 30%. We launched two new ARCHITECT platforms in the quarter, which were designed to meet the needs of our high volume lab customers. We expect to launch our ARCHITECT platform for the lower volume labs in the next few months. And U.S. PRISM sales more than doubled in the quarter with a successful launch of our new Hepatitis C assay. We just launched an additional infectious disease assay HTLV on PRISM in the U.S., which further strengthens our position. Placements of new platforms such as ARCHITECT and PRISM will continue to aid growth this year. In our point-of-care business, sales grew more than 25% in the quarter and more than 20% for the full year. And molecular diagnostic sales increased more than 25% in the quarter and nearly 20% for the full year. With approval in approximately 50 countries, our m2000 Real-Time PCR System continues to gain share worldwide. Since its international launch 2.5 years ago, we have placed more than 400 systems and continue to expand our presence, including the expected clearance in the U.S. this year for several additional infectious disease assays. So in 2008 in our worldwide diagnostic businesses, we anticipate mid to high single-digit growth for the full year. This includes continued strong double-digit growth in both molecular diagnostics and point-of-care as well as mid single-digit growth in Immunochemistry and Hematology. Finally in our vascular business, global sales were up 7% in the fourth quarter and 54% for the full year. First, let me start with an update on our drug-eluting stent XIENCE V. In the U.S. as noted earlier we received a positive recommendation at our FDA panel meeting in November. Although we can't speculate on specific timing, for planning purposes we are modeling a second quarter 2008 approval and launch, which is in within our previous forecast for the first half. Regarding the international launch of XIENCE, we continue to make steady progress ending the year with European share in the low 20s. Looking at total XIENCE platform share, which includes both XIENCE and PROMUS share was in the mid-20s. We are encouraged by the upward trajectory we see across every country in which we've launched XIENCE currently approximately 10 countries have had or exceeded 30% share with several now approaching 40% market share, and more recently our ex-U.S. team has began to promote XIENCE with the longer-term data, this includes one-year data on more than 1000 patients and data on several hundred patients up two years, providing physicians with additional confidence in the XIENCE platform. We will present longer-term XIENCE results throughout this year. Our global DES franchise sales, which includes XIENCE as well as third party DES product revenues exceeded $260 million for the full year and were nearly $80 million in the quarter. We also continue to enroll patients in our XIENCE SPIRIT trials. SPIRIT IV is now at really 2,500 patients and the 2,700 patients SPIRIT V registry completed new enrolment at the end of 2007. Total coronary stent sales, which includes bare metal and drug-eluting stents were up 45% in the quarter. As you know, Abbott is in the position to participate in both the drug-eluting and bare metal stent markets. The strong performance in coronary stent sales is partially offset by endovascular and other coronary sales reflecting lower third party revenues including a decline in third party catheter sales as expected. An expected high single-digit decline in U.S. PCI volumes versus the fourth quarter of 2006 also impacted sales of other coronary products including guidewires and balloon catheters. However, U.S. PCI volumes were up sequentially versus the third quarter. And briefly in our vascular pipeline, we are advancing several next generation stent technologies behind XIENCE. Our goal is to release new technology at regular intervals over the next several years, which are based of our already well-known and well-tested vision platform includes a more deliverable workforce drug-eluting stent as well as our bioabsorable stent. We will have data on our bioabsorable stent as well as our XIENCE platform at scientific meetings throughout the year. So in 2008, we again expect strong double digit growth for our vascular business, we anticipate more modest growth in the first quarter of 2008 with growth improving over the course of the year. Finally, again this quarter in our news release, we highlight several of our major programs in our pipeline including our late-stage compound and devices as well as some early and mid-stage pipeline programs. So in summary, we are pleased with our results for the fourth quarter and the full year. In 2007, we achieved ongoing earnings per share growth of more than 12% and sales growth in the mid-teens. And for 2008, we expect another year of double digit performance. So with that, we'll now open the call up for questions, operator. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Our first question comes from Glenn Reicin with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, this is David Robinson [ph] for Glenn. Just a couple of questions, first on the pipeline; could you give me a sense on your data on ABT-335? And then the second is [indiscernible] any discussions with Vicodin?
John Thomas: Okay. David we are having a problem hearing you. I don't know if anybody else could hear you. I think we got the questions, but it was a bad connection. So, forgive us here if we don't get this right. But I think you asked about ABT-335 and data. We will have data presented at the ACC scientific meeting in March, that's the most likely venue for that data in the near term. And regarding Vicodin...
Thomas C. Freyman: Vicodin, it was the scheduling.
John Thomas: Vicodin scheduling; our goal is still Scheduled III on that product; it is something that would be working with the FDA on as we progress through the approval process. Our goal again schedule 3, but either way if it is schedule 2 or schedule 3, we think it can be a significant product if you look at some of the competitive products that are out there in the space that are schedule 2 like Duragesic and Oxycom are doing quite well, but again goal is scheduled 3.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks. And then second question, just talking the cost reduction, and other structuring initiative, can you just give us a sense as to when that's expected to be complete and what type of run time [ph] we should be looking for in 2008?
Thomas C. Freyman: Again you broke up, but... this is Tom. With everything except vascular in the last vestiges of our shut down of some older pharma plants and really the buttoning up in the final salary depreciation, we are through everything. There is a little bit of trailing vascular into 2008, and a very small amount of wrap up on pharma. So we are pretty much through it as we stand at the end of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you. Sorry about the connection.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Weinstein with JP Morgan please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: Thank you. Is this better? Can you hear me okay?
John Thomas: Much better, thanks Mike.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, sure. I am going to ask a couple of just clean up questions from the quarter and then maybe a strategic one for Miles; please do have him on. First question on the pharma business John; was there...were there any inventory swings on the U.S. business that might have helped to hurt this quarter?
John Thomas: No, nothing, unusual. We are very comfortable with the inventory levels, the only one where we typically see a little bit of modest buying activity if you will is TriCor in the quarter; other than that overall across the board very comfortable.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, and then if we can just pick claim them...pick up some clarification on what you are saying on XIENCE for the year, your guidance for 2008, and I apologize I missed it, but your guidance for 2008 assumes a mid-year approval for XIENCE or you are not being that specific?
John Thomas: What we said was our guidance is still at the first half, but in my comments I noted that it's more likely it will be the second quarter.
Thomas C. Freyman: But the question was is that included in the guidance?
Michael Weinstein: Right.
John Thomas: Yes.
Thomas C. Freyman: Theanswer is yes, Mike.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And then Miles, if you could just talk with all that transpired really the last 24 months with the company, could you talk to us a little bit about the portfolios today? You seem to have the pieces in place right now to drive pretty good growth obviously in 2008 and 2009. But if you think beyond 2009 in the growth of the company into the next decade, do you feel like you have got the right pieces in the portfolio today? Do you think there is likely be more reshuffling? Do you think the company is likely to pick up again on the M&A front? How do you think about the positioning the company beyond obviously the growth is going give the next couple of years from the HUMIRA, from XIENCE, and from the other products?
Miles D. White: Well, I have said it's the first...a couple of things I had comment on just to give us some context is clearly the M&A activity of the past say seven, eight years had a purpose in terms of enriching the portfolio both in the pharma business in particular, and also in the balance of the medical product businesses in the company. And I think we have achieved a lot of our goals there. There is a number of areas that we have looked at from time-to-time that we are tracking, that we watch, that we monitor for opportunity. But the difference I would say going forward is now I like the portfolio mix, but I am always going to be watching for where it might be further improved. And I have commented in the past that I think it's a benefit for us to have a balance or a mix of sources of performance, cash flow, profits, et cetera in our portfolio and that balance means balance not only within the pharma business, but across all of our business, nutritionals and medical devises, medical products et cetera. I wouldn't forecast the kind of M&A activity of the past seven or eight years, I would characterize anything that we might do and I say might, because I don't have anything in particular or specific on my radar screen right now. It's opportunistic; it would have to fit the criteria that we have for what we think fits the mix of our portfolio. I think we are conscious of the fact that whatever we may invest in has to earn a healthy return, it's got be growing, it's got be profitable, it's got have good cash flows et cetera. It's got to fit strategically with a lot of the things we are trying to do. And so, we are going, I think it's prudent for us to continually be evaluating the portfolio of the company to ensure that all the pieces of it fit that mix. But I think any management team ought to be doing that with their company, and generally probably are. So I would say, don't look for the next 10 years to be like the last 10. Last 10 was a pretty definitive, we need to change the mix here. I like the mix where we are, but I would not be so nave as to think that we just stand pat and never adapt or adjust the changes in medical practice, or changes in technology or frankly changes in market. So, I think that from an investor standpoint, I would expect thus to be careful, prudent, selective, opportunistic. And just to rapid up I would told you today, I don't have on my radar screen a significant target from an M&A standpoint either by market segment or specific asset. There are small things we invest in from time to time, whether it's a product in development that we add to the pharma portfolio or technology or IP or whatever the case maybe, but those are smaller compared to, the size of the Knoll or Kos or Guidant acquisitions. And I don't have anything like that on my radar screen right now. I won't promise you that I will never have something on my radar screen, I just don't. And I like the mix now; I like the performance in the mix. We built this so that we could sustain double-digit growth. And I think we are in a fortunate position, where instead of having to overly focus on just this year's performance, or even the next three to five, we are in a fortunate position, where we can be sort of managing our portfolio and mix for the five to 10 years out, and we look at our pipelines and our products that way. Now obviously we pay a lot of attention to current performance quarter-to-quarter also. But I like the position, where in where we can be thinking a lot about the LRP over five years and frankly the LRP over 10. And given the development times for products and some of our businesses like the vascular business or the pharmaceutical business, I think that the real healthy place to be, because increasingly there are fewer and fewer companies that have all the infrastructure and capability to bring products to market in those segments, and it does require longer-term planning and the ability to sustain and commitment to a strategy to get there, and I think that's where we are. That's where we wanted to be, that's what we built over the last 10 years, and I think that's what we will just continue to manage ongoing. I hope that answered your question. I guess --
Michael Weinstein: Yes, you did. Let me just ask one follow-up and I want to drop, because I know I've been on a while. Should we just assume at this point that you indicate not be able to resolve the relationship that you won't be able to come this in sort of agreement between now and in perhaps this is going generic, or do you think there is still possibility?
Miles D. White: I think there is still a possibility. We have been a long while, but I sort of said that now for nine years. And I am always optimistic, and we always have what I call constructive dialogue and there is no change to that. I wouldn't...I would say at this way. I wouldn't tell you that it's highly likely and I wouldn't tell you it's highly unlikely, I would acknowledge that it is possible.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Keusch with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Lawrence Keusch: Yes, hi, good morning. Tom, I am wondering if you could provide perhaps a little bit more color on you think it's realistic assumption around Depakote sort of are you assuming that generic is coming immediately upon the expiration of patents and any...you guys had experience with generics here, a couple of years, are you assuming a very difficult generics with penetration as you think about the '08 guidance?
Thomas C. Freyman: I think the key thing you said Larry is last part, we have been through this before and we understand despite the existence of what we think is good intellectual property that the generic companies have been awfully aggressively in this area and that it's just not prudent to assume that even your appropriate position from a financial planning perspective is one that should be the same. So, we have been very realistic about the behavior of generics over the compounds goes offs in the post pediatric exclusivity late July. And we have...we do understand that at least in one indication area there could be some retention because of the nature of the epilepsy market. But that's really a modest assumption we have been very realistic about the likely impact of generics coming in.
Miles D. White: I would add to that, just as a reminder that because of the number of significant product launches that we have this year or have launched in the past say six to 12 months. We are in the really fortunate position of having all those ramping, at the same time Depakote would face generic competition. And so consequently, we are in a very fortunate position to still perform well and deliver the guidance that we have indicated. And we think we have captured the assumptions as Tom said appropriately in that guidance. So in spite of the fact that Depakote will face generic competition we are very confident in the balance and the guidance that we gave.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. And then just two other quick ones, in terms of the first quarter guidance, which came out a little bit below the street consensus, Tom, maybe you can talk a little bit about sort of how you are thinking about, and you touched on it in your prepared comments, how are you thinking about the expensive and therefore launches of new products, where you don't have the revenue yet and are you really sort of waiting those expenses in first quarter? And you are you also not assuming XIENCE in the first quarter as well, so that molecules will become a bit of more conservative approach and then you start to see things pick up through the year?
Thomas C. Freyman: No, Larry I am glad you asked this question, because the poses their consensus it's out there right now is really fueled by a huge outlier. First of all there is only seven analysts that have forecasted the first quarter at this point prior to our guidance, one of them is at $0.73, which would be 33% growth in the quarter, which I just obviously that's not anything we would plan for nor would others. So, when you that one outlier out, the average in the quarter is $0.63, which is captured within our guidance range for the quarter. So, I am glad you asked that, and I think it's an important clarification for people that are looking at that aspect of our guidance. It is important to remember that in the first quarter the growth rate if you go to the midpoint of that range, it is close to 13%. That's very similar to what we are looking at across all the quarters during the year. So, our country to some years whether it's ins and outs and variability and growth rates over the quarters. We are back to fairly steady quarterly growth throughout the year, which I think is really good news and it really sinks up well with what Miles was talking about of...even though some products are likely to head south such as Depakote. We have got all the strength in the other products to help us maintain steady performance throughout the year. The first quarter, does have a couple of things to remember. Omnicef as you know went generic in the middle of '07, so we have a very, very low sale; that impacted the quarter a little bit. And as I indicated in my remarks, it is a quarter, where we are doing a lot of spending on these launches and we are only seeing the early aspects from the top-line point of view are contributing to the quarter. And as indicated from a modeling point of view, John indicated that XIENCE is in the second quarter for our modeling. So when you put that all together and close to 13% midpoint EPS growth in that quarter, I think it is very, very reasonable. And hopefully people are clear about what the guidance situation and what the consensus situation is right now.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. And then just lastly and maybe for Miles on this one is, clearly, Miles, the Prevacid patent expiration will start to come up as a topic of discussion here. TAK-390MR has been filed. I guess the two questions are...if you look at experience with other biologic products in this space, they don't have a lot of success. And so again I just want to give you a sense as you talked about double-digit growth. You are really thinking about even in years, where you may have challenges like that that you can still deliver on that type growth given the portfolio.
Miles D. White: Yes, we have factored in let's say appropriate expectations from the joint venture, Larry. We have captured that in our guidance and frankly our expectations going forward whether it's three, five years whatever it is. I think we have got realistic expectations here. We have watched that market and business carefully. And because it's a separate company, we are careful about how we plan it at least from our perspective at Abbott in terms of the impact on EPS, because obviously we want to be very reliable in the EPS guidance we give and don't want a lot of surprises that we don't control to effect that. So, I think we have got that properly balanced.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay great, thank very much guys.
John Thomas: Thank you. Operator we are having some issues hearing couple of people that are queuing up.
Operator: Yes sir, we are trying to adjust our lines when we open them, so...
John Thomas: Thank you.
Operator: We will work on that.
John Thomas: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rick Wise with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Thomas C. Freyman: Hello?
Operator: Rick, your line is open.
Frederick Wise: Hi, good morning everybody, sorry about that.
Unidentified Company Representative: I thought we have got that [ph].
Frederick Wise: Good morning everybody.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi Rick.
Frederick Wise: Couple of things, the HUMIRA psoriasis indication approval came a bit earlier than we thought. Maybe just a couple of questions related to that. Is that slightly early and then three or four weeks earlier than we thought baked into your numbers. And maybe give us some perspective on the degree of and why we say there is a off label use you guys have seen so far? How big is the opportunity that's remained? What percentage of derms have written HUMIRA scripts at this point for psoriasis, thanks a lot?
John Thomas: Yes Rick, sure. So we did get the approval in the U.S. slightly ahead of our forecast, we are obviously pleased about that; and launched again immediately last week when we got the approval following the European approval in December. So it is a significant market opportunity for us. It remains a pretty under penetrated market. Right now if you look at the total script breakout for HUMIRA about 80% of it is rheumatology, about roughly 12% is gastro, and I would say around 8% is the derm market and that is a function really of our psoriatic arthritis indication, where we can't promote on that that indication to dermatologists. Obviously we haven't and can't until now promote on psoriasis. So we see about that percentage breakout. We do know that roughly 30% of dermatologists have written a HUMIRA prescription as a result of the psoriatic arthritis indications. So there is some good experience with the product in that regard. But obviously a lot of opportunity is still left.
Frederick Wise: Yes. One other thing I wanted to follow-up with is on gross margin. Gross margins were a tad weaker than I...we looked for anyway for the second quarter in a row, and you very clearly detailed why in your press release. Can you just remind us that some of the factors that are affecting it. How long are they going to drag your gross margins, the Synagis? And on the nutritional side, how do you work to offset the higher cost impact on gross margins? Can we hope for some release there going forward John or any body, Tom?
Thomas C. Freyman: Rick, gross margins we are through the Synagis effect, and I think the news really you are looking for is, in 2008 as I indicated in my remarks we are looking for an improvement in the gross margin ratio. One other things in addition to what we put in the script is as the dollar continues to weaken and there is very rapid movement, there tends to be a lag between the sales benefit of exchange and the gross margin benefit of exchange. And some of that will carry into 2008 and help us. So it's really those things and the good news is we see an improvement in 2008 for the full year ratio. And on the nutrition side, we have done a number of things, we have done contracting with a number of suppliers stabilized those costs, we have refocused on cost efficiencies in our manufacturing operations. And we have seen those costs stabilize and actually even decline in the last few weeks, which could be good news for '08 relative to what we have run into in '07 and can also support improving gross margin during the year.
Frederick Wise: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sara Michelmore with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Sara Michelmore: Yes thank you. Good morning. I guess a question for Miles first. It just seems Miles that there is a higher level of activity in your pharmaceutical pipeline, particularly with products in the clinic at this point, and I am wondering since we haven't focused a lot on it recently, if you could just kind of give us a run down of what you think are the most important projects that you are working on currently and what could be most impactful for you out of that pipeline over a five-year timeframe?
Miles D. White: Well, let me take it this way. We obviously still have more claims that we are exploring on HUMIRA, and I am sticking with the five year timeframe. We have fixed those combination and developments with AstraZeneca and CRESTOR and ABT-335. ABT-874, which could be terrific treatment for various autoimmune diseases like Crohn's and psoriasis obviously coming Flutiform for asthma, couple of oncology products that we are co-developing with partner Genentech. I think there is just a number of things there that are fairly promising for us over the next three to five years. What I spend more time worrying about...I am not worrying about, but I want to say paying attention to given the lead times is that early in mid-stage development area and discovery, and both internally and in terms of the opportunities that may be available to us outside, but internally in particular, because it's important for us to be effective with our own organic growth. And that's why the comments I made in my more prepared remarks regarding the productivity of our R&D group, I think are important. Because we have made a number of distinct changes in a way in which we are managing and driving our R&D in the pharma business. And that is clearly resulting in a higher degree of productivity in terms of compound identified and then moved along through various stages of the development. So it's been an area of focus for us. And I think appropriately so, because increasingly of course the whole industry is challenged by its R&D productivity. We put a lot of effort into that. I think the early returns look good and that allows us to spend time thinking about the pipeline that is developing for the timeframe beyond five years. I think we are in really sound condition here for driving our growth over the next five, even five to ten out of our pharma business. I think it's a very healthy pipeline and nicely balanced with a nice mix. And so consequently those early stage things are for the later year is out there, and even that is developing nicely.
Sara Michelmore: Okay, that's helpful. And philosophically, Miles, can you...it sounds as if you are not looking for major acquisitions that you are going to have a significant amount of free cash flow to work with here in the couple of years. Can you just talk through, what you think the correct appointment of that capital is going to be in terms of either debt pay down, share buyback, or whatever else you would like to prioritize those funds for?
Miles D. White: Well, I think it's all of the above. Our shareholders base clearly expects its dividend, its rising dividend. And we tend to budget and buyback about $800 million to $1 billion worth of shares a year on an ongoing basis. That could vary in some years, but generally that's what we did last year, and so we expect this year. We do have obviously additionally desire to pay down some debt. And fortunately our cash flows are strong enough that if there is an opportunity that comes along for given deals somewhere, we have the strength to do that as well. And I think my own desire would be to make sure we keep all of that in the right balance, so we maintain our strategic flexibility in the event an opportunity comes along that we want to react to. I don't want to be balance sheet constrained that way. But as I said fortunately, we have had strong cash flows across the board that we have been able to do all of the above buyback shares, pay down debt, pay dividend, and do some selective M&A. And that I think is probably what we will continue to do going forward.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And just one final question for you on diagnostics; now that you have gone back and made a long-term commitment to that business. Any notable changes in terms of the level of investment there, where you plan to invest in the diagnostics business going forward?
Miles D. White: Well, I don't know what I described is investment as much as the manner, in which we are manage it. I would say it's kind of a tale of two different stories. The international markets have terrific growth, and we are clearly the market share leader in the international market. And in fact the majority of that business is in international markets and always has been. And you can see in the report that we are seeing very healthy growth in international markets today. And so, I would call those a growth orientation to a large degree. The U.S. market is considerably more competitive and lower growth. And I would say that in the whole business as a whole, I think we need to be focusing on returns and running it for profits and not just growth. And in particular in the U.S., we should run that...that part of our business for improved returns and profit. And I think we have to take careful attention to that in overseas markets as well so that the growth we are getting is truly good return and good profit. And I think a heightened emphasis on that is probably the single biggest shift given that the diagnostic market in general isn't as robust a growth market as it used to be.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. Thank you very much.
Miles D. White: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tony Butler with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
C. Anthony Butler: Yes, thanks very much. If I may, Tom, just go back to the gross margin comment you made. And in the first quarter, I believe you gave guidance of approaching 58%, I am implying that the back-half of the year would probably be better than that level in order to get to the target of 58% to 59%. So outside of currency effects, are there other mix shifts, which actually improve that GM? And then the second question really relates to HUMIRA's contribution. When you...were you able to negotiate with Genentech with respect to the two oncology products and actual elimination of the royalty payment based on the Boss/Cabilly patents that I assume you were paying part of that? And is that actually also making a contribution? Thank you.
Thomas C. Freyman: Yes, I mean when you look at the gating gross margin, the company is always strongest in the fourth quarter when we have our strongest quarter and there is plenty of fall through on the sales. And that's really the same pattern we are seeing in 2008 as we have seen in 2007. As I indicated earlier, the first quarter will be impacted by the fact that the last...well, actually the second last round on these steps we will have a little bit in the second quarter next year. It will put a little pressure on, but as we go through the year with HUMIRA going strongly, the XIENCE launch, the new pharma products we have been talking about launching that really is going to show good progression in the gross margin in the third and fourth quarters in particular, part of it consistent with our pattern and even a little better than that given the mix shift to those products. The royalty you suggested because of the way these types of things get recorded there is no significant impact of a change in the royalty arrangements that we talked about.
C. Anthony Butler: Thank you.
John Thomas: Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wachovia. Please go ahead.
Larry Biegelsen: Hi everyone, thanks for taking my question.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi Larry.
Larry Biegelsen: Does the tax guidance include the R&D tax credit?
Thomas C. Freyman: The answer is no. As you all know, the R&D tax credit has not been re-enacted by Congress. And so, we did not and include that in our guidance. If that were to come through during the year, there would be some positive effect to the tax rate if it came through later in the year, we will see what happens there.
Larry Biegelsen: And just a follow-up on TAK-390MR; could you just give us some color on whether you envision that being kind of a full launch? And by that, if we look at on the operating expense side, historically, the run rate for TAP's operating expenses between 2003 and 2006 were $1 billion to $1.2 billion. We understand your realistic expectations for maybe the sales, but I mean the PPI market is very promotional, sensitive. Could you give us a little color on that on your expectations there? And then I just have one more on TriCor after that.
John Thomas: Okay. Yes we do expect to have a full launch of TAK-390 MR. As I mentioned, TAP did file that product here recently, which should things go well, put it on the market, well in advance of the compound patent exploration for Prevacid, which is November of 2009 with pediatric extension. So TAP is planning on a full scale launch of that product and further information obviously will provide with TU as we get closer to that, I should say TAP well, as we get a little bit closer to that date.
Larry Biegelsen: Yes John, in recent quarters operating expenses for TAP have been coming down, but because...maybe because it's an older product. But, if you have a full launch, operating expenses could...is it fair to assume that they could increase?
John Thomas: It could.
Larry Biegelsen: And then on TriCor. John I didn't hear any growth guidance for 2008. And on ABT-335, I think you submitted 12-week later with statins to ACC and the data was actually posted last week. Is it going to be apparent from the presentation at ACC? If, what advantage 335 has over TriCor? Thanks.
John Thomas: Sure. So we do expect close to double-digit growth for TriCor again this year in 2008. And 335 we've all discussed more about the data at the ACC meeting. And we have talked about that as having some advantages in terms of using combination with statins. And potentially some labeling advantages with that as well, which as you know, the adjunctive market is the big opportunity in the overall cholesterol market as there is a shift more towards further reduction in cardiovascular risk beyond what LDL can do. And that's where we have a lot of opportunities across HDL, LDL entrants with our complete portfolio of products. And you will see more about that when we present the data at ACC.
Larry Biegelsen: Thank you.
John Thomas: Okay. All right, well that concludes our conference call. A replay of the call will be available after 11:00 A.M. Central today on Abbott's Investor Relations website at abbottinvestor.com, and after 11:00 A.M. Central via telephone at 203-369-0225 and the confirmation code is 5567444. Audio replay as always will available until next Wednesday, January 30. Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome toAbbott's Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will beable to listen only, until the question-and-answer portion of this call.(Operator Instructions). This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions askedduring the question-and-answer session the entire call including thequestion-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot berecorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, VicePresident, Investor Relations.
John Thomas: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on today'scall will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President, Finance, and ChiefFinancial Officer. Tom will review the third quarter results and I will discussthe business operating highlights. Following our comments, we will take any questionsthat you have. Some statements made today may be forward-looking forpurposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbottcautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks anduncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from thoseindicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, andother factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in Item 1A,"Risk Factors," to our Annual Report on Securities and ExchangeCommission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 and are incorporatedby reference. We undertake no obligation to release any publicly revised toforward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's call, as in the past non-GAAP financial measureswill be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing businessperformance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with thecomparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatoryfilings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. And so with that, I will turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Tom Freyman: Thanks John, and good morning. As you can see from today'searnings news release, our third quarter results reflect continued strongmomentum across our major businesses. Sales growth in the mid-teens and theearnings per share of $0.67, above our previous guidance range of $0.64 to$0.66 and based on our performance so far this year we've raised the lower-endof our EPS guidance range for 2007 as I'll discuss in a moment. The strong overall sales growth of 14.4% in the quarter wasahead of our previous forecast. Exchange favorably impacted sales by 2.8%.Sales in our Medical Products businesses increased 12%, growth of nearly 14% inDiabetes Care, 15% in Vascular and nearly 10% in Worldwide Diagnostics. InGlobal Pharmaceuticals sales increased almost 20% as each of our major brandsdelivered strong double-digit growth. Quarterly HUMIRA sales exceeded $800 million for the firsttime, based on the continued strong performance in rheumatoid arthritis, aswell as new indications. A recent Crohn's launch continues to exceed ourexpectations. In our estimate, full year 2007 global sales for HUMIRA up $3billion. International nutritional sales were up more than 15%, withcontinued strong performance in key emerging markets such as China and Latin America.And we continue to make progress with the robust late-stage pipeline, on trackfor a record number of major new product launches and regulatory submissionsthis year and into 2008. Gross margin ratio was 57.7%, roughly in line with ourforecast provided last quarter. Comparison with the prior year was favorablyimpacted by improved product mix, offset by the reduction and the contributionfrom Synagis in the USand the impact of generic competition on Omnicef sales. We also saw a slightimpact of commodity prices in nutrition. We have a mitigation plans which willoffset this in future quarters. R&D investment, excluding specified items from bothperiods, increased 11%. This reflects continued investment in ourpharmaceutical and medical products pipelines, including HUMIRA, ABT-335,ABT-874, controlled-release Vicodin, and XIENCE, as well as several promisingcompounds in mid-stage development. SG&A expense included the impact of the Kos acquisition, as well as new and ongoing promotionalinitiatives, including new indications for HUMIRA and the continuinginternational launch of XIENCE. Interest expense of $106 million was somewhat lower than ourforecast due to the better cash flow and lower interest rates and the incomefor the TAP joint venture was in line with our expectations. Tax rate for the quarter of 18.6%, as well as the year-to-daterates of 19.5% were both consistent with the guidance we discussed lastquarter. Now let's turn to the outlook for the remainder of 2007.Based on our year-to-date performance we're confirming our 2007 EPS outlook andraising the lower end of our previous guidance range. As a result, our 2007 EPSguidance is now $2.82 to $2.84, excluding specified items. Midpoint at thisrange reflects earnings per share growth of nearly 12% over the prior year.This new full year guidance results in fourth quarter earnings per share rangeof $0.91 to $0.93 also excluding specified items. Let me walk you through some of the key P&L line itemsas we forecast them for the fourth quarter. We expect sales growth of 13% to15% consistent with the growth we've seen in each of the quarters so far thisyear, and consistent with the forecast at the beginning of the year. Weforecasted gross margin ratio of approximately 59%, R&D as a percentage ofsales of around 9%, SG&A expense as a percentage of sales of approximately25% and the tax rate of approximately 19.5%. Overall, as we look to third quarter, we're very pleasedwith the performance of our major businesses. We reported mid-teens salesgrowth, EPS above our guidance range, and we raised the lower end of our fullyear 2007 EPS outlook. And we made steady progress in advancing our R&Dpipeline, which is on track for a record number of major product submissionsand approvals this year. As we look ahead to 2008, we have a high degree ofconfidence, given the strong momentum we are seeing across our broad base ofproducts and businesses. We also remain confident in our outlook for anaccelerating rate of earnings per share growth in 2008 compared to 2007. With that I'll turn it over to John for a review of thebusiness operating highlights. John?
John Thomas: Thanks Tom. As Tom indicated our third quarter resultsdemonstrate the strength of our diversity, as the number of businesses andproducts outperformed our expectations, including international nutritionals,diabetes care and pharmaceuticals. So I will start with our pharmaceutical business whereHUMIRA had another exceptional quarter. Global HUMIRA sales were up nearly 50%to $803 million. HUMIRA US prescription trends remained strong, growing nearlytwice the rate of a self-injectable biologics market. HUMIRA is gaining shareacross the rheumatology, dermatology and gastroenterology markets, with morethan 130,000 US patients on HUMIRA across all indications. In Crohn's Disease our newest indication, HUMIRA continues tooutperform. We've gained more than 30% of the US Biologics market for Crohn'ssince HUMIRA's launch in February. This growth is coming both from patients whoare naive to biologics as well as those who have failed Remicade. HUMIRA hasdemonstrated strong efficacy against this insidious disease which causespatients to suffer bleeding, pain and other GI distress. In addition, HUMIRA isthe only self-administered biologic treatment for Crohn's and provides aconvenient advantage for this young active patient population. Our international Crohn's launch is also off to a rapidstart, driving HUMIRA growth to nearly 60% this quarter. HUMIRA also representsa promising treatment for psoriasis, an indication we expect will be approvedin the first quarter of 2008. At the recent World Congress of Dermatologymeeting, we presented HUMIRA psoriasis data from two clinical studies. Theresults were powerful. Both studies indicate that nearly three out of four HUMIRApatients experienced a significant reduction in their disease as defined by PASI75 scores. The market opportunity for psoriasis is large and growing, with peakyear sales expectations exceeding $3 billion worldwide for biologic therapies. Dermatologists are rapidly gaining experience and confidencewith HUMIRA. In fact approximately 30% of dermatologists have alreadyprescribed HUMIRA to treat psoriatic arthritis. Recently HUMIRA was honoredwith the 2007 Galen Prize for best biotechnology product awarded by Prix GalienUSA.This is one of the highest accolades in the pharmaceutical and biomedicalindustry, recognizing excellence in medical and scientific research andinnovation. Finally as Tom mentioned given the recent sales trends inthe strength of the Crohn's launch today we are raising our estimate for fullyear 2007 global sales for HUMIRA to $3 billion. In our lipid managementfranchise, our portfolio is uniquely positioned to take advantage of the trendtoward adjunctive therapies, that is, those therapies that treat beyond LDL levelsto also focus on HDL and triglycerides. These therapies reduce cardiovascularrisk beyond what a statin can deliver alone. TriCor, our cholesterol andtriglyceride therapy reported sales of $300 million this quarter up 13%. TriCorcontinues to be the best therapy in the market for lowering triglycerides witha known and long established safety and efficacy profile. TriCor prescription trends remain strong, growing in linewith the total cholesterol market. In the fourth quarter we expect continueddouble-digit growth for TriCor with full-year growth in the range of 15% to 20%consistent with our previous expectations. Also in lipid management our newfilm-coated Niaspan extended release tablet has been well received by bothphysicians and patients with sales in the quarter of nearly $170 million. We'veseen improved trends since we have added Abbott promotional efforts andintegrated our sales force following the Kosacquisition. We've also seen consistent gains across dynamic prescriptionshare, which includes new patients as well as those who are switchingtherapies. Niaspan is the leading therapy for raising good cholesterol or HDLwith a long established safety and efficacy profile. Niaspan is the onlyprescription therapy capable of increasing HDL 25% to 30% on average withproven cardiovascular outcomes. Low HDL is recognized as an independent risk factor forheart disease and the guidelines developed by the National CholesterolEducation Program, a leading authority on cholesterol management in the US. Sowe continue to forecast full year's Niaspan sales to exceed $650 million. In addition to TriCor and Niaspan we have what we believe isthe industry leading pipeline in cholesterol management with three late stageprograms in development. In the second quarter we submitted Simcor for FDAapproval. Simcor is a fixed-dose combination of Niaspan and Simvastatin thatprovides comprehensive lipid management. We've confirmed that we will presentdata on the Simcor Phase III pivotal trials in November at the American HeartAssociation meeting. In addition to Simcor, we remain on track to file ABT-335,our next-generation fenofibrate for regulatory approval this quarter. Weanticipate presenting Phase III data in the first half of next year.Combination therapies are the fastest growing segment of the $20 billioncholesterol market. And we continue to make progress in our partnership programwith AstraZeneca on a fixed-dose combination therapy that targets all threelipid parameters HDL, LDL and trigs. As we announced earlier in the quarter, we have jointlydecided with AstraZeneca to advance ABT-335 with Crestor. We expect to filethis fixed-dose combination therapy for approval in 2009. So with TriCor,Niaspan, Simcor, ABT-335 and our combination with Crestor, Abbott's growingcholesterol franchise has the potential to include at least five uniquetherapies by 2010. Moving on to Kaletra, where during the quarter worldwidesales grew 15%. Kaletra remains the number one most prescribed proteaseinhibitor in the world. With seven years of data demonstrating no resistancefor 99% of patients new to therapy, Kaletra continues to be the gold standardprotease inhibitor providing physicians with the clinical confidence to managethe disease as a chronic long-term illness. In Europe, just over one year past our tablet launch morethan 70,000 HIV patients throughout Western Europe are being treated withKaletra, which now holds HIV market leadership in eight countries. Kaletratablets improve patient convenience by reducing the number of pills patientstake each day and eliminating refrigeration requirements. This quarter we submitted for regulatory approval a newLower-Strength Kaletra tablet for pediatric use. So, for the fourth quarter, weanticipate continued strong double-digit global sales growth for Kaletra. Depakote sales in the quarter were up double-digits.Depakote ER, our one-a-day version of Depakote, accounts for more than 50% oftotal Depakote prescriptions. We anticipate continued double-digit sales growthfor Depakote going into the fourth quarter resulting in strong double-digit forthe full year. Regarding Synthroid, sales in the quarter were $110 million,and we now expect full year sales for Synthroid to approach $450 million, upfrom our previous guidance of more than $400 million. And looking to the fourth quarter in pharmaceuticals, intotal, we expect low to mid-teens growth in both our US and international businesses. Moving on to our TAP joint venture, sales of Prevacid andLupron were in line with our expectations. In TAP's research and developmentpipeline TAK-390MR, which is TAP's next generation proton pump inhibitor,completed Phase III trial enrollment of more than 5,000 patients and remains ontrack for a FDA submission in the first quarter of 2008. TAP plans to share data on TAK-390MR in the first half ofnext year. Febuxostat, TAP's compound for gout recently completed enrollment inits supplemental trial of 2,700 patients, evaluating drug in 40 milligram and80 milligram doses. TAP is now forecasting a mid 2008 FDA submission forFebuxostat. Turning to our medical products businesses, let me startwith Diabetes Care, which exceeded our expectations in the quarter with globalsales up nearly 14%. Double-digit growth in the US was driven by the success of ourmore convenient FreeStyle Lite meter where we are steadily gaining new usershare. Launched in June, FreeStyle Lite offers blood glucoseresults in an average of just 5 seconds. It also provides patients with addedconvenience by eliminating the manual coding step required by most meters. FreeStyle Freedom Lite, our second no coding meter, beganshipments in Europe in October and our US launch is anticipated for thefirst quarter of 2008. With both FreeStyle Freedom Lite and FreeStyle Lite products,we are significantly differentiating ourselves from most of the competition. Double-digit sales in emerging markets such as Russia, China,Southeast Asia and Latin America alsopositively contribute to this quarter's performance. Abbott's Diabetes Careproducts are resonating with patients in these growing markets, especially China where weare outpacing market growth considerably. As we continue to improve testing convenience for peoplewith diabetes, we are also developing a fully integrated blood glucosemonitoring system that combines a meter, test strips and lancing capabilitiesin one device, enabling simple point and click testing. So, for the fourth quarter and the full year, we anticipatecontinued double-digit growth in Diabetes Care, as we continue to introduce newproducts and strengthen our presence in emerging markets. Next, let me move onto to Abbott Vascular, which hadworldwide sales growth in the quarter of 15% as we've now fully lapped theGuidant acquisition. Performance in the quarter was positively impacted byhigher sequential quarterly growth in XIENCE and higher year-over-year bare-metalstent sales. However, growth was tampered by overall DES market conditions andlower other coronary sales, which include lower third-party revenues. First, let me start with an update on our drug-eluting stents,XIENCE V. We submitted the XIENCE PMA for approval on May 31st. Our XIENCE PMAis the first and the only FDA submission of a drug-eluting stent that hasproven superiority over the current market leading drug-eluting stent in arandomized clinical trial. Our PMA submission include safety and efficacy datafrom our SPIRIT I, SPIRIT II and SPIRIT III XIENCE clinical trials, whichrepresent approximately 1,400 patients. In SPIRIT II and III, which compared XIENCE to TAXUS, we notonly met the primary endpoints of in-stent and in-segment late loss respectively,but also exceeded them that demonstrate the statistical superiority of XIENCEover TAXUS. Both SPIRIT II and III also showed XIENCE was superior and theclinical endpoint of Major Adverse Cardiac Events or MACE. MACE measures important patient safety endpoints, including myocardialinfarction and death. This was the first time ever that one drug-eluting stentwas proven statistically superior over another drug-eluting stent on animportant safety and efficacy endpoint. MACE rates were very low with XIENCE,two to three times lower than TAXUS. Our PMA includes all the pre-agreed upon data necessary tocomplete our submission and the FDA has not requested any new clinical trialpatient data. We believe we supplied a robust data package based on FDArequirements and we've remained very comfortable with the status of our filingsubmissions, as we continue to work with FDA toward a panel review for XIENCEon November 29th. We look forward to the opportunity to review our data withthe panel. That data will include two-year follow-up from several 100 XIENCEpatients from SPIRIT I, II and III who have gone through their normally scheduledtwo-year follow-up. Beyond our PMA filing we continue to enroll patients inseveral additional XIENCE, SPIRIT trials, including SPIRIT IV and V which areenrolling rapidly with more than 2,000 patients in each trial now. We alsoinitiated enrollment in SPIRIT WOMEN in August of this year, which is the firstand only clinical trial to date to evaluate a drug-eluting stent in women withcardiovascular disease. So, across all of our post-marketing trials, we anticipatestudying more than 12,000 XIENCE patients in total that includes our 5,000patients post-approval trial for XIENCE, USA. Regarding the international launch of XIENCE, we continue tomake steady progress as tenders become available. In virtually every country weare gaining share. In 14 countries we have share in excess of 20% with morethan half of those countries in excess of 25% market share. And we have a fewcountries now in excess of 30% market share. The feedback we've had on XIENCEto date has been exemplary. Physicians appreciate the performance of XIENCE,because it's built upon technology they've known, trusted and used for years.The excellent deliverability and acute performance of vision. In addition, the XIENCE clinical data sets are continuing toreinforce its best-in-class clinical profile in a truly next-generationdrug-eluting stent. So, our global DES franchise sales, which include XIENCE aswell as third party DES product revenues, were $65 million in the thirdquarter. This includes an approximately 25% increase in XIENCE sales on asequential quarterly basis despite a sequential decline in PCI volumes in thelow double digits. XIENCE performance was offset by lower than anticipatedthird party revenues also as the result of softer market conditionsyear-over-year. As a reminder, our international business reports on a onemonth lag. So this quarter included the months of June, July and August, whichis typically the slowest month of the year for European countries.Year-to-date, our DES franchise revenue is north of $185 million. Our total coronary stent sales in the quarter, which includebare metal and drug-eluting stents, were up 85% year-over-year. As you know,Abbott is in the unique position to participate in both the drug-eluting andbare metal stent markets. The strong performance in coronary stent sales waspartially offset by other coronary sales reflecting lower third party revenuesincluding a decline in third party catheter sales. Unexpected decline in US PCI volumes versus the thirdquarter of last year also impacted sales of other coronary products, includingguide wires and balloon catheters. And the vascular sales in the quarter thenwere in line with our expectations. So looking ahead to the full year 2007 wecontinue to anticipate growth of more than 50% for Abbott Vascular. Moving on briefly to our vascular pipeline we are advancingseveral next-generation stent technologies beyond XIENCE. Our goal is torelease new technology at regular intervals over the next several years, whichare based off of our already well-known and well tested vision platform. Thisincludes a more deliverable workhorse stent as well as our bioabsorbabledrug-eluting stent. In addition we have a number of clinical trials in ourperipheral business that have recently been initiated. Peripheral market iscurrently a $1billion market worldwide that's anticipated to grow at adouble-digit pace over the next several years. We are working on a number ofnew product -- pipeline products to treat vascular disease outside the coronaryarteries, including a stent to treat renal artery disease as well as an SFAproduct. At the upcoming TCT meeting in Washington we'll be hosting an InvestorMeeting at 7 am Eastern Time on Tuesday, October 23rd. Where we'll discuss ourpipeline in more detail as well as our XIENCE Spirit III one year data, whichwill be presented in the lay breaker session Monday at TCT. And also on Mondayat TCT we'll present one year data on our fully bioabsorbable stent, which istruly a ground breaking new technology. If you are attending the TCT meeting weencourage you to join us and please RSVP if you have a chance. A webcast willbe available on our website. With that let me move onto our diagnostic business wheresales grew nearly 10% in the quarter. In our immunochemistry and hematologysegment, sales grew 9%. Our international business, which comprises 80% of ourtotal worldwide sales, drove much of this growth with particularly strong salesin Europe, Latin America and Japan.The international launch of the c16000, our large volume chemistry analyzer isoff to a strong start. We plan to launch in the US by the end of this year. In thequarter, we launched the PRISM Hepatitis C Assay, which completes the PRISMHepatitis Panel. In the coming months, we plan to add additional retrovirustests to the PRISM menu, strengthening our position in the blood screeningsegment. In our point of care business, sales grew more than 20%.Recently, we announced that our, i-STAT CHEM8 test granted a broader claim bythe FDA. This means that the CHEM8 test, which is routinely ordered basicmetabolic panel, was deemed simple and accurate enough for use beyond thehospital setting. This greatly expands our market opportunity by allowing morehealthcare providers to use i-STAT to aid in patients care. Moving on to molecular diagnostics, where worldwide salesincreased nearly 10%. Our m2000 Real-Time PCR System continues to gain shareworldwide. This was internationally launched two years ago. We have placednearly 400 systems, and continue to expand our presence, including our recentapproval in China.In fact, our m2000 instrument and Real-Time PCR Assay sales were up 65% in thequarter. As a reminder, the m2000 reduces the manual procedures andhands-on-time required to prepare patient samples from molecular testing by asmuch as 75%, thus improving laboratory efficiencies. We are in the early stagesof the USlaunch of the m2000. Also in molecular diagnostics, we continue to exploreinnovative, collaborative research opportunities in the area ofpharmacogenomics. Longer term, we hope to share updates on research progressthat are in early stages of development. So, as we look forward into fourth quarter for our worldwidediagnostics businesses we anticipate high single to low double-digit growth.This includes strong double-digit growth in Abbott Molecular, high single-digitperformance in amino chemistry and hematology, and continued strongdouble-digit growth in point of care. Moving on to global nutritionals, where sales of internationalnutritionals increased more than 15% as a result of focused promotional effortsand sales force activities as we further penetrate new global markets. Wecontinue to see strong demand for pediatric and adult nutritional products, aswe gain share in emerging markets, such as Latin America, China, and Southeast Asia. In pediatric nutrition, products such as Gain, Grow and PediaSure,which are specially formulated for older infants, toddlers and school agechildren continue to perform well. Internationally adult nutritional sales,including products such as Ensure and Glucerna grew double-digits in thequarter. In the USsales of pediatric nutritionals increased double-digits led by growth in infantformula. This quarter we launched NutriPals Fruit Bars for kids, which featurenine times more fruit than the leading cereal bar, as well as Similac Sensitivea specialty formula, and also our 8-ounce Ready-to-Feed packaging. So, overall reported USsales were down modestly as we previously forecasted, impacted by thecompletion of the USco-promotion agreement of Synagis in 2006. If you exclude Synagis from bothyears, U.S. Nutritional sales increased nearly 7%. Looking ahead to the fourthquarter in nutritionals, we are forecasting continued double-digit sales growthinternationally with sales growth in the US of low to mid single-digits. Finally, let me briefly discuss the Abbott pipeline. Againthis quarter, in our news release we highlight several of the major programs inour broad based pipeline, including our growing oncology pipeline. Today, Iwould like to briefly discuss our ongoing efforts in Neuroscience and PainManagement. In Pain, we are presently in Phase III development for acontrolled-release formulation of Vicodin, we've filed for approval of VicodinCR this quarter. In Neuroscience, we are developing compounds forschizophrenia, ADHD, and Alzheimer's disease. This includes ABT-089 andABT-894, NNRs or neuronal nicotinic receptor agonists, they are in Phase IIdevelopment for ADHD. These compounds target receptors in the brain that play arole in regulating pain, mood, memory and other neurological functions. Also on our mid-stage Neuroscience pipeline, ABT-925 isprogressing through Phase II development for schizophrenia. This compound targetsdopamine 3 or D3, a mechanism to treat both negative and positive symptoms ofthis disease, while limiting side effects. Both of these platforms representtruly novel science and is successful with results in a significant advance inthe treatment of these diseases in market that total more than $10 milliontoday and are growing, as the prevalence of these diseases increases. As we focus on advancing our promising mid-term pipelineprograms, our late-stage, broad-based pipeline remains on track to deliver fivemajor regulatory filing this year. Those include HUMIRA Psoriasis, Simcor,XIENCE, ABT-335 and controlled-release Vicodin. So, in summary for the quarter, we are obviously pleasedwith our very strong performance. Several of our businesses outperformed ourexpectations as sales grew 14.4% ahead of expectations. We delivered EPS of$0.67 above our guidance range of $0.64 to $0.66. We confirmed our EPS outlookfor both 2007 and 2008, where we expect an accelerating rate of earnings growthover 2007. We raised our HUMIRA guidance to $3 billion for this year and welook forward to a major new indication with psoriasis in early 2008. And finally, we're moving forward to a XIENCE panel onNovember 29th, with a strong and compelling package of data that supports thesafety and efficacy of this truly next generation technology. Now, with that operator we would be glad to open up the callfor questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question todayis from Glenn Reicin. And please state your company name.
Glenn Reicin: All right. Good morning, folks. Glenn Reicin, MorganStanley.
John Thomas: Hi, Glenn.
Tom Freyman: Hi, Glenn.
Glenn Reicin: Lot of questions here, butlet me sort of get to the point. Next year you have a couple of unknowns, Ijust want to know how you are going to manage this, both operationally and froman EPS guidance perspective. You have the XIENCE launch obviously timing is outof your control at this point. And then you have potential prospects of DepakoteER going off patent. Well, I know you haven't provided 2008 guidance, maybe youcan walk us through something here that will give us some idea of the magnitudeof the effect?
Tom Freyman: Glen, I'll take this, this is Tom. I don't know when youtalk about XIENCE is an uncertainty and certainly we are very much lookingforward to this November 29th panel. We are very optimistic about the productas we've been saying for sometime, and its great technology and robust safetyand efficacy data as John mentioned. As you know, we've consistently forecasteda first half '08 approval for XIENCE and that is unchanged from ourperspective. But, to answer your question, with contingency plan as well andeven if we saw a delay, the later part of 2008 for XIENCE which we don'texpect. But when we look at the momentum of what we are seeing in our business,the product growth and really what you are seeing this quarter, and what youhave been seeing all year, I am very confident on our ability to deliver atleast the first call mean of $3.20, which would represent accelerating EPSgrowth over 2007. So, we were prepared for that in the low probably if itwhere to occur. Of course, as XIENCE was approved on our anticipated timeline,there would be upside to that and let's consider that as floor for our 2008performance. For Depakote, we've been saying for sometime that Depakote ER willgo off patent in the middle of next year. We have been planning for that allalong and in all of our forecasting we do have patents on Depakote ER, butwe've been down this road and we understand the need to plan realistically forthat to be sure that '08 is not exposed in any way to any unfavorable outcomeon that product. So, we've factored that in, and really it's the power of HUMIRAand the pharmaceuticals, the acceleration of Diabetes Care you are starting tosee this quarter, the continued good performance in international nutrition.All of these things are going to really get us through the realisticassumption, shall we say, on Depakote for the second half of 2008.
Glenn Reicin: Okay. So, this might be very clear here and I don't want toput you in a corner or pin you in a corner here. But, as you are saying the$3.20 in earnings is more or less in line in XIENCE. Do you think you can getthere even with Depakote ER going off patent and why you are not planning forthis even with the delay in XIENCE past the first half of the year?
Tom Freyman: Yeah. Under that pessimistic scenario, and certainly allalong we have been very realistic about Depakote. But, even under thatpessimistic scenario on XIENCE that's what I am saying, yes.
Glenn Reicin: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Weinstein. Andplease state your company name.
Mike Weinstein: Thank you. It's J.P. Morgan. That was a good answer there,Tom.
Tom Freyman: Thanks Mike.
Mike Weinstein: I think people probably liked that one. Let me ask you acouple of questions. And I am going to first focus on XIENCE, because obviouslyit's got a lot of potential over the last week. You guys made a comment there,John, that you are going to go ahead and look at and follow up on patients eventhough the SPIRIT II and SPIRIT III won't have competed their two-yearfollow-up on all the patients, obviously there is number of patients who havereached those two-year marks. And so, you are going to compile that data andhave that data build to the panel. You made the comment several hundred. So,can you give us a better sense of how many patients you think will have twoyears of XIENCE if you do that on November 29th panel?
John Thomas: Yeah. So, you are right Mike. What I did say in the commentswas, and I don't think we've shared this previously that we will have some twoyear follow-up data from the three trials. I'd say it's a little difficult tosay preciously right now what that number will be but I think it's fair to sayit's going to be in the range of 200 to 300 patients.
Mike Weinstein: Okay and obviously you have 200 to 300 out two years andthen obviously you will have the full data set from SPIRIT II and SPIRIT IIIout one year correct?
John Thomas: Right, that's right, and we are going to present that at TCTnext week, we'll go over that in our Analyst Meeting, Tuesday morning. But Ithink it's also important that we discuss and I mentioned in my comments thatwe'll have that which I hope gives some comfort to people who have beenconcerned about that and we understand where the concern comes from becausethere were some comments made. But more importantly is the overall package andas I mentioned we think we've submitted a very powerful package to the FDA, itscompelling data. We met or exceeded all the original protocol criteria thatwere established by FDA. We think it's an important product to get on the market andit would be a disservice to patients if it didn't come on to the market. Theother thing, I think is, important in this discussion around the number ofpatients in late stent thrombosis is the fact that it's only one parameter ofsafety. Safety is much broader than just thrombosis you probably know betterthan anybody, and when we look at that and we consider the overall safetystory, rates of cardiac death, heart attack, revascularization, which[comminute] in the safety and efficacy end point of MACE we did exceptionallywell. We were statically superior to that product based on the data we'vealready show and the data we will show at TCT. We are very pleased with that. So revascularizations, reinterventions are not benign andthat's an important part of it. So we've got a very compelling packing. We arelooking forward to going to panel and we are looking forward to presenting aone year data, which we were pleased with from the SPIRIT III data set.
Mike Weinstein: Let me ask you a couple of pharma questions just reflects by[can a] couple of positioning questions if you would. First, you have gotABT-874 and JNJ obviously has Anti-IL-12/IL-23 as well in development, a littlefurther along. Could you talk a little bit about how you view the positioningof 874 as well as [IL-12/IL-23] class versus HUMIRA and psoriasis and once youget that product grouped how you would position the two products? And thensecond, one other question that has been on investors mind since then -- thepositioning of Niaspan potentially was the competition coming from Merck may bein 2008 assuming that goes well for Merck. How do you view the positioning ofNiaspan versus Cordaptive and once you guys wrap up that? Thanks.
John Thomas: Okay. All right, thanks Mike. Well I think first on ABT-874that's our investigation of IL-12/IL-23 antibody, which by the way we have avery strong position on. We have six or seven patents that we will then developour licensed stent so we feel like we have got a very broad and strong patentposition around that particular pathway. But we do have that product indevelopment that's in Phase II. It will be moving in the Phase III by the endof this year. The data that we have shown on that so far has been excellent,the Phase II data, the PASI scores -- PASI 75 scores, which are a measure ofskin clearance, were greater than 90%, which is better than anything that'sbeen seen to-date. So we're very much looking forward to that. It's a categorythat is new obviously and there are some, competitive products out there aswell. I think they will have a place in the market at this pointfor those who have not responded to TNAP treatments. But TNAP treatments have alot of history and HUMIRA in particular, which has 10 years of clinical historyand thousands and thousands of patients who've been treated safely andeffectively with the product is going to be probably the first line therapy andof course, as you know, HUMIRA showed very good results in psoriasis as well interms of the PASI scores the 75s, 50s and so forth. Those scores were two toseven times better than the competitive product that's out there right now, theother self-injectable product. So there is a good safety and efficacy profilefor HUMIRA that would give it a good start in the market and as we mentioned onour comments, we look forward to hope for approval here in the first part of'08 for that indication. Your other question was Niaspan and Cordaptive. The way welook at that is, Niaspan has been used safely and effectively for many years.It's well known well established product. Physicians feel very comfortable withit. I am not real comfortable commenting on our competitor's product other thanto say in general it's always a situation where if there is a new molecularentity involved, and an unknown safety profile around such an entity that'sdifficult to know longer term, how that will stand up in the market place. It'salso difficult to know how physicians might respond to adding in a flushingagent, which is a long-term situation to manage what is in essence a veryshort-term transient effect that happens with a small percent of patients. So this, from what we can tell about that product at leastthe data we've seen, flushing is not eliminated by that product. So I guessit's a question of using an underlying therapy like Niaspan that you have knownand trusted for a long time or Aspirin to help control flushing versus puttingin the mix of product where you have got a different form of Nias and not Niaspanwith a anti-flushing agent that is not known as of yet to control a short-termphenomena.
Mike Weinstein: Great. Thanks guys. I'll let some others to jump in.
Tom Freyman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question, is from Glenn Novarro andplease state your company name.
Glenn Novarro: Thanks, Glenn Novarro with Banc of America. A couple of quickquestions, one what is the status of XIENCE reimbursement in France, two on Simcorwhat's going to be the edge for that growth in other words if someone is welltreated on Lipitor and Crestor why does some one move to Simcor and if aphysician is comfortable providing with the current stent on the market whywould they put a patient on Simcor. And then just lastly for Depakote next yearyou are represent a half of the revenues, should we be just cutting our Depakotenumber in half or should we assume a further erosion in Depakote revenues nextyear? Thanks.
John Thomas: All right. Thanks Glenn. Let me start with the first coupleof questions here and then may be Tom could help with the last one. In Francewe are now expecting reimbursement in early next year. There have been somedelays -- administrative delays in the reimbursement office just generaladministrative matters so we are expecting France to come in the first part of2008. So, that's a modest impact to our overall plan for the fourth quarter. Wedidn't have much in terms of sales, and for France. But of course, that's animportant market and one of the higher priced in Europe.So, given the technology that XIENCE demonstrates and the premium technologythat it is, we are looking forward to getting that on the market in the firstpart of next year. So, that's kind of what's going on in France. With Simcor, I think the situation there is really, you havegot a fixed-dose combination of Niaspan and generic Zocor or Simvastatin. Thesetypes of products can help with compliance, convenience and we think that giventhe profile of this product, which you will see more about when we show thedata at AHA, can deliver Vytorin like reductions in LDL, while also deliveringNiaspan's unprecedented HDL raising benefit and the Trig benefit that Vytorincan't match. So, you have got a market where adjunctive therapies andfixed-dose combination therapies are growing at a rapid rate. Some estimatemore than 80%, 90% compared to the overall market growth, which is more in themid-teens. As patients realize, and doctors realize that they have to be moreaggressive about managing their lipids and getting the target, because lot ofpatients, as you know, don't reach target on statin therapy alone. In fact,there is an estimate that of the 30 million adults who are treated in US forcholesterol management, about three-quarters of those don't currently reachtheir target lipid goals. And there is another 80 million estimated that areuntreated for general dyslipidemia. So, it's obviously a huge market. I believe it's the largestpharmaceutical market in the world, with about 20 billion in the US inparticular. So, lot of room for growth. A very good product and we look forwardto presenting the result at AHA.
Glenn Reicin: You have just one.
Tom Freyman: Question on Depakote
Glenn Reicin: Just one follow-up question. Crestor, AstraZeneca, Pfizer they'vehuge sales forces detailing Lipitor or Crestor for instance, do you have themanpower or is this something that's going to have to get beefed up next yearto be competitive with Simcor?
John Thomas: No, we believe we have got the sales force in place.Remember, this is a sales force that's have been selling TriCor for sometime.We brought in and integrated the best of the best in the core sales force. Andso, we have over 2,000 reps in our lipid franchise already. So, I don't see abig need for adding additional sales force. I think we can handle it with what wehave.
Glenn Reicin: Okay, great. And on Depakote?
Tom Freyman: Yeah. Glenn, first of all as you know that this productshould be going into July next year with full patent protection, so that's akey thing to factor in your modeling. And I am not going to give you a specificnumber today, but I will say a couple of things. Certain of the diseasestreated by that product probably will be a little more resistant to change thanyou would typically see in the generic situation. So, there is a degree of thatyou have to factor in your modeling. And I think as we've looked at the streetmodels for Depakote for '08, I think they have done a pretty reasonable job ofestimating what we think is going to happen with the product.
Glenn Reicin: Okay. Great, thank you.
John Thomas: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rick Wise. And pleasestate your company name.
Rick Wise: Good morning everybody.
Tom Freyman: Hello, Rick.
Rick Wise: Couple of question, First, Tom, maybe you could give us alittle more color on gross margins. You mentioned the higher costs and may becould you help us understand what those were, how you plan to address it andmay be just give us a little more color on just the longer term trends of grossmargin. Shouldn't we expect to see gross margins trend higher over time giventhe improving mix of the business?
Tom Freyman: Sure. Well, regarding the third quarter, and we are prettydarn close to my forecast that I have provided last quarter. I have said around58%, I think, and we came at a little below that. And it's hard to call thiswithin a tick or two given all the complexities of our business. But, I feelpretty good about the forecast. As I said in my remarks the one thing that'sprobably slightly different than what we were seeing back than is some pressurefrom nutritional commodity costs. I characterize that more as the lag effect.We've got mitigation plans, we have already started to implement in thebusiness and it's pretty much the obvious things. They are going to allow us tooffset that as we forward in future quarter. So, a temporary slight impact ofthat we are going to manage through going forward. In terms of longer term trends, again, fourth quarter shouldbe our best quarter of the year at around 59%, as I indicated in my remarks.And we were seeing steady progress in the gross margin. I pretty muchrepeatedly characterized it as steady, because as you are correct about miximproving for our business and the right products growing, we've had somethings to overcome such as Synagis this year and Omnicef, which have been dragson the margin as we work through those generic issues and those the ending ofthe Synagis co-promotion. In '08, we'll have a little bit moreof that from Omnicef, and obviously, Depakote will have some impact. But, evenwith all of that, given the remaining mix of the business we see steadyprogress in average gross margin in '08 compared to '07. So, I think that's whatyou should be watching for.
RickWise: All right. Turning to Niaspan,obviously, Niaspan had a good quarter year-over-year. But, if I am looking atmy number correctly $170 million was basically equal to the second quarter. Imight have thought we would see some sequential growth given the new technologyand the larger sales force. Again, what's takes to get that going or do we haveto wait for the combo products for this area to really take off?
JohnThomas: Well, I guess we'd beg to differ. Wethought the growth was pretty good. We are on track for in excess of $650million for the full year, which is little bit ahead of our originalexpectations. The trends, the RX trends have been good and that product hasbeen growing 2% to 3%, now growing about 4% to 6% after we fully integrated theco-sales force. So, we are plugging right long there. Overall market growth ispretty good. As I mentioned, adjunctive therapies and HDLand Trigs are an important part of that and they are growing well. So, we thinkwe are right on track with our expectations for the full year and, obviously,we will do a lot better than that next year.
RickWise: Good. Two last questions. First, just in general,International Nutritionals obviously had a stellar quarter. How sustainable isthat kind of growth as we look over the next year or so? Or how should we thinkabout that growth? And last, just I would be curious to hear your thoughts.Tom, I appreciate your comments and perspective upon the impact of XIENCE withor without in '08. But, truly the market outlook for these procedures ingeneral is tougher today than it was when you bought the Guidant business ayear ago. Prices just in this quarter seem to be down 5%, procedures were down.How are you thinking about the impact that sort of the market that XIENCE isentering one and the longer term positive contribution it can make is it goingto be less than you might have dreamt at one time?
Tom Freyman: Well I think is -- I'll take the second question first. Ithink as we look at '08, clearly the market is different than when we boughtthe company and but again for us even if it's a $5 billion market versus a $6billion, it's a market where we are barely participating in now globally andwith the quality of the product, the efficacy of the product and the ability webelieve of the former [Guidant organization] now Abbott to execute. We are veryconfident we will get plenty of share and more than enough profit from thisproduct to more than justify the acquisition. So we are still very happy with the acquisition, theproduct, as you know, the XIENCE data actually came out a lot better than evenwe anticipated when we brought the company. So that's clearly an upside to ouroriginal modeling. We thought it would be equivalent and we turned out to besuperiors. So I think when you net it all out its going to be very positive in'08 and well beyond particularly given that our R&D activities in thatorganization are very solid and we believe we'll have a series of innovationsthat'll continue to sustain our position in that market going forward. And, Rick in regards to your question on internationalnutritional. We have obviously been very pleased and for those who don'trecall, remember we created that business internally and separated it from ouroverall AAI business what used to be AI international business so that we couldget the focus and the results that we are seeing now. And so the growth that wesaw this quarter, we think is very sustainable, in fact, in the near-term, thefourth quarter our outlook is even better. We expect very strong double-digitgrowth going into the fourth quarter and for next year a little early to giveprecise guidance, but based on the trends, based on the emerging market growth,the products and the dynamics in terms of demographics and so forth, outsidethe US, we would expect another year of strong double-digit growth.
John Thomas: I will just add as well, that as we have looked out over thelonger term plan horizon for this, and in the 2008, strong double-digit growthis expected to continue, I mean there is tons of potential in this market and Iwould remind you that we are building a very large plant in Singapore, and theanticipation of that, and we are putting our money behind our forecast. So thisis a business that's going to continue to be a big contributor to our growthfor years to come.
Rick Wise: Appreciate that. Thanks.
John Thomas: Okay. I think, operator, we have time for probably one morequestion.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question, is from Sara Michelmore andplease state your company name.
Sara Michelmore -Cowen & Company: Yes. Cowen & Company. Good morning.
John Thomas: Hi, Sara.
Sara Michelmore -Cowen & Company: John, can you give us a little more color on HUMIRA ininternational markets. Its obviously a big piece of the overall revenue streamthere, and it's been outpacing the US growth pretty substantially. Canyou just give us a sense of what the growth drivers there, either by countrymarket or in terms of where the approvals are and where it's scaling up?
John Thomas: Okay. Sure. Actually there is a couple of dynamics there. Ithink, overall, and just the general market, there is low penetration ofbiologics, and we have seen that penetration rate for the market continue toincrease as some of these new therapies come to market, HUMIRA in particular,as we launched the Crohn's indication, we have seen very good response to that.The PEN Container, which you might recall was an advancement in the dosagedelivery system for HUMIRA, has been very well received in those market. So,the penetration overall is probably the biggest factor having excellent data aswe've shown with HUMIRA, rheumatology first and then with psoriatic arthritisand now Crohn's. We have just continued to pick up a lot of share at thecompetitor's expense and also ride the wave of an under penetrated market asthat continues to grow, so, a significant opportunity still outside the US. Weexpect that to continue as we go into the fourth quarter and early next yearparticularly as we get the psoriasis approval, which is as I mentioned weexpect in the early part of '08. That's a global filing so we'll have thatready to launch in both the USand internationally.
Sara Michelmore -Cowen & Company: Okay. That's helpful and Tom may be could you give us alittle sense of where you are in terms of the operating margins for HUMIRA. Youare obviously past the point of investing a lot of the R&D dollars that youneed to invest to expand the [labeling] for the product and you built a lot ofthe commercial infrastructure. Can you just give us a sense of where you are interms of the operating margin percent for that product and where you think it'sgoing to go heading into next year?
Tom Freyman: I think you have characterized in general the dynamicproperly that we are pretty well sized in terms of commercial infrastructureand as we are seeing this volume expand we are getting quite a bit ofadditional drop through and that clearly SG&A is not leveraging with thesales of the product. So that absolutely is a positive dynamic and then if youtake it all the way to the bottom we also are seeing benefits of our -- some ofour plant investments in terms of bottom line contribution from the products.So there is continuing leverage from HUMIRA and I think you have characterizedit pretty well.
Sara Michelmore -Cowen & Company: Okay. Thank you.
John Thomas: Thank you. And that concludes our conference call. A replaywill be available after 11 a.m. Central Time today on our website, atabbottinvestor.com, and after 11 a.m. Central via telephone at 203-369-0514,confirmation code 3144144. The audio replay will be available until 4 p.m. onWednesday, October 24th. Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today's conference. You maydisconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-18 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Abbott's Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be able to listen only, until the question-and-answer portion of this call. (Operator Instructions) This call is being recorded by Abbott. With the exception of any participants' questions asked during the question-and-answer session the entire call including the question-and-answer session is material copyrighted by Abbott. It cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Abbott's expressed written permission. I would now like to introduce Mr. John Thomas, Vice President, Investor Relations.
John Thomas: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Also on today's call will be Tom Freyman, our Executive Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer. Tom will review the second quarter results and I will discuss the business operating highlights. Following our comments, we will take any questions you may have. Some comments made today may be forward-looking for purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Abbott cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Economic, competitive, governmental, technological, and other factors that may affect Abbott's operations are discussed in item 1A "Risk Factors" to our annual report on Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2006 and are incorporated by reference. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of subsequent events or developments. In today's conference call, as in the past non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Abbott's ongoing business performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are reconciled with the comparable GAAP financial measure in our earnings news release and regulatory filings from today, which will be available on our website at abbott.com. And so with that, I will now turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Tom Freyman: Thanks John, and good morning. As you can see from our earnings news release this morning we reported very strong results for the second quarter with mid-teen sales growth and EPS of $0.69 per share at the high end of our guidance range. Results were broad based with pharmaceuticals, medical products, and international nutritionals, all reporting strong double-digit growth. Our major pharmaceuticals, including HUMIRA and TriCor had a particularly good quarter, as John will discuss in a moment. In addition, our core Laboratory Diagnostics business performed well with sales up low double-digits. This business includes our immunochemistry, hematology and Point of Care businesses, which I'll refer to today as our core Diagnostics Business. Before I go through the P&L, I would like to take a moment to bridge you to how we are reporting results this quarter and in the future. As indicated in our earnings news release, due to the recent decision to retain core diagnostics, we determined late in our reporting process that under accounting rules, we are required to report second quarter results of this business as continuing operations. So in our earnings news release, we have shown sales of worldwide diagnostics to allow you to build up sales by segment to the reported total sales this quarter and on a year-to-date basis. The worldwide diagnostics segment in the release includes both our core diagnostics and molecular diagnostics businesses, which is how we will report going forward. We have also included in our release the historical sales for this segment including the four quarters of 2006. So as I indicated earlier, in the second quarter, we recorded diluted earnings per share excluding specified items of $0.69, which compares to our previous guidance range of $0.67 to $0.69. Sales, including core diagnostics increased 15.8% in the quarter above our previous guidance range of 13% to 15% exchange favorably impacted sales by 2.7%. Gross margin ratio in the quarter including core diagnostics was 58%, up slightly over 2006. This ratio was favorably impacted by improved product mix partially offset by the reduction in the contribution from Synagis in the U.S., as well as the impact of generic competition on Omnicef and Biaxin XL sales. On the basis we originally forecasted the quarter, which excluded core diagnostics the gross margin ratio would have been close to 61%. R&D investment increased nearly 8% excluding specified items reflecting continued investment in our pharmaceutical and medical products pipeline including HUMIRA, ABT-335, ABT-874, controlled-release Vicodin, and XIENCE. SG&A expense excluding the impact of acquisitions and specified items increased approximately 10%, driven by new and ongoing promotional initiatives, including new indications for HUMIRA, and the continuing international launch of XIENCE. Interest expense of $125 million was consistent with our previous guidance. Income from the TAP joint venture of $116 million was inline with expectations and the tax rate in the quarter was 20% also consistent with previous guidance. Now let's turn to the outlook for the second half of 2007. We are narrowing our full year 2007 earnings per share guidance range to $2.80 to $2.84 excluding specified items. For the third quarter we are confirming our previously forecasted guidance of $0.64 to $0.66, also excluding specified items. As you may recall, we provided EPS guidance for the third quarter back in January. And this third quarter guidance is the same, as we provided at that time, when we noted that the quarterly pattern of Abbott's EPS would be quite different throughout 2007 than it had been in the past, as a result of the positive mix changes we've made to the company over the last few years. Guidance for the full year and the third quarter, as indicated earlier reflects the inclusion of core diagnostics in continuing operations for the full year. Results of this business for the first quarter of 2007 previously reported as discontinued operations have been reclassified to continuing operations in the year-to-date results reflected in today's earnings news release. This reclassification has no impact on our EPS guidance but it does change certain aspects of our P&L profile. As a result, let me walk you through some of the key P&L items as we now forecast them. For the full year with core diagnostics, as part of continuing operations, we expect sales growth of 13% to 15% off of last year's sales base of $22.5 billion including the core diagnostics business. A gross margin ratio of approximately 58% with a higher ratio forecasted for the fourth quarter. R&D as a percentage of sales in the range of 9.5% to 10%, full year SG&A expense as a percentage of sales of around 27%. And full year interest expense of around $500 million. For the third quarter, we forecast sales growth of 11% to 12%, a gross margin ratio of around 58%, R&D as a percentage of sales around 10%, SG&A as a percentage of sales of around 28%, and interest expense similar to levels in the first two quarters. Turning to tax rate solely as a result of the reclassification of the core diagnostics business to continuing operations, and related revised assumptions for net interest expense in the second half of the year, the full year tax rate is now forecasted at 19.5%. Given the higher tax rate of 20% in the first and second quarters this would result in a third quarter tax rate of approximately 18.5% with a fourth quarter rate of approximately 19.5%. Again this would result in a full year tax rate of approximately 19.5%. Finally, as we indicated last week, our earnings outlook for 2008 remains unchanged. Given the momentum in the businesses, including a number of major growth drivers, we expect to deliver accelerating EPS growth for 2008, when compared to the 2007 rate of growth. So in summary, we are extremely pleased with the performance of our business this quarter including our core diagnostics business. We reported mid-teen sales growth, EPS at the high end of our guidance range and solid performance in many of our key products and businesses. We also made tremendous progress with a number of future growth drivers, including HUMIRA, XIENCE, and our lipid franchise, which John will discuss in his review of the business operating highlights. John will also discuss the diagnostics in a bit more detail to help reground you on these businesses, as we move forward with them as part of the Abbott portfolio. With that, I will turn it over to John.
John Thomas: Thanks, Tom. As Tom indicated in the second quarter we reported strong results across our broad-based portfolio. In medical products, global sales increased 20% led by the performance of our Abbott Vascular, core Laboratory Diagnostics and Molecular Diagnostics businesses. Continued double-digit growth in international nutritionals drove the performance in our worldwide nutritional business. In our pharmaceutical business, the strong performance of HUMIRA, TriCor, and Niaspan helped drive a more than 17% sales increase worldwide and a more than 26% increase in the U.S. So let me start with our medical products and our emerging vascular business. Worldwide sales for Abbott Vascular were $423 million in the quarter, up significantly over last year, and on track to reach our target of approximately 60% sales growth for the full year. In late May, we submitted our final PMA module for FDA approval of XIENCE V, our drug-eluting stent. Our PMA submission includes safety and efficacy data from the XIENCE SPIRIT family of clinical trials, which not only met their primary end points, but demonstrated superiority of XIENCE over Taxus. This is the first ever FDA submission to include clinical trial data that demonstrates the superiority of one drug-eluting stent over another. We anticipate launching XIENCE in the first half of next year. The international launch of XIENCE continues to proceed well. Interventional cardiologists are impressed with the clinical data as well as the deliverability of the XIENCE platform. We are capturing new accounts as they become available through the hospital tender process. Since our launch in the fourth quarter of last year, we are gaining on average 4 share points per quarter. In many of the early launch countries, we have exceeded 20% market share. XIENCE is performing exceptionally well in the Asia Pacific region. In India, for example, when looking across the major competitors, XIENCE has already surpassed 30% market share. So we remain on track to exit 2007 with overall market share in the mid to high 20% range. Our global DES franchise sales, which as a reminder, includes XIENCE, as well as other DES product revenues that we receive, were approximately $60 million. This included a 40% increase in XIENCE sales on a sequential quarterly basis, offset by lower sequential third party related DES revenues. We are also encouraged by the upward trend we've seen for May XIENCE sales, which grew nearly 40% from April monthly sales. In addition, sales of XIENCE in June were the highest monthly sales since the launch at the end of last year. As a reminder, June sales are not reported here in the second quarter, given that we report international sales on a one-month lag. In May at the EuroPCR meeting, results from our SPIRIT first trial demonstrated no thrombosis and a very low MACE rate out to three years. At the same meeting, data from a 1,300 patient meta-analysis of SPIRIT II and SPIRIT III reaffirm the superiority of XIENCE compared to Taxus. These results add to the growing body of evidence supporting XIENCE as a best-in-class next generation DES technology. And as you know, Abbott is in a unique position to participate in both the drug-eluting and the bare metal stent markets. Physicians appreciate the excellent deliverability and acute performance of our VISION bare metal stent, which remains the global market leader. So total coronary stent sales, which again include bare metal and drug-eluting stents, were $166 million in the quarter, up sequentially from the first quarter. In our DES pipeline, we're advancing a number of next generation stent technologies behind XIENCE. Our goal is to release new technology at regular intervals over the next several years. This includes a more deliverable workhorse stent, a bifurcation stent design, as well as our bioabsorbable drug-eluting stent. Moving on to endovascular, which includes vessel closure, carotid stents and core endovascular products, sales were up 16% in the quarter. In vessel closure, we anticipate launching a new, easier to use version of StarClose called the StarClose SE later this year. So looking ahead to the third quarter, we again anticipate double-digit growth for Abbott Vascular -- strong double-digit growth. In our Diabetes Care business, global sales this quarter increased more than 6%. Last month at the American Diabetes Association meeting, we launched the FreeStyle Lite, a new blood glucose meter that does not require coating, yet retains the accuracy of the FreeStyle platform. By eliminating this manual step required by most meters, FreeStyle Lite makes the testing process easier for patients. Early feedback from physicians and customers has been very positive. We also recently received European CE Mark for our FreeStyle Navigator Continuous Blood Glucose Monitoring System, which compared to competitive systems demonstrates best-in-class accuracy. Navigator remains under active U.S. regulatory review. We're also developing a fully integrated blood glucose monitoring system that combines a meter, test strips, and lancing capabilities in one device, enabling simple point and click testing. So as we look ahead to the third quarter, with the launch of FreeStyle Lite and additional new products in this business, we anticipate accelerating growth in Abbott Diabetes Care. In molecular diagnostics, sales this quarter grew nearly 14%. In the U.S., we launched our m2000 real-time PCR system with the HIV viral load assay. The m2000 reduces the manual procedures and hands-on time required to prepare patient samples for molecular testing by as much as 75%. In Europe, we introduced our real-time PCR hepatitis B assay, expanding the m2000 system's growing menu of tests, and rounding out the menu for infectious disease assays in Europe. We expect Abbott Molecular to become a more significant contributor to our sales and earnings growth over our five year long range plan as pharmacogenomics continues to play a more significant role in matching patients to the most appropriate treatments. We've already seen this type of success with our PathVysion Test for breast cancer, which is used to identify the most appropriate candidates for treatment with Herceptin. So as we look ahead to the third quarter and the full year, we expect strong double-digit growth to continue in Abbott Molecular. Now moving on to our core laboratory diagnostics business, which includes our amino assay, clinical chemistry, hematology, and point of care businesses. By way of background to reground you in this business, recall that last year in '06, this business reported approximately $2.7 billion in total sales. In the second quarter, this business performed very well, growing 11%. In amino chemistry and hematology specifically, Abbott remains the global leader in in-vitro diagnostics, which includes our diagnostic assays and instrument systems, such as ARCHITECT and PRISM. We now have nearly 70,000 institutional customers in more than 100 countries. The base amino chemistry and blood banking business grew more than 10% in the quarter. Our international business, which comprises the majority of our total sales, drove much of the growth, with particularly strong sales in Europe, Latin America and Japan. Going forward, we'll continue to focus on higher growth emerging markets. Also this quarter, our diagnostic business won some key contracts with two major group purchasing organizations for a broad line of amino chemistry and hematology products. Last week, we announced the FDA approval of our PRISM HCV tests, which is used by laboratory technicians to screen for hepatitis C. This test completes the PRISM hepatitis panel and is the first fully automated test to screen blood for hepatitis C. So looking ahead to the third quarter and the full year in amino chemistry and hematology specifically, we expect performance in the mid to upper single digit range. Separately, in our point of care business, sales grew more than 25% as our i-STAT cardiac menu gains traction. As a reminder, last year, we launched a test for CKMB, which is used to help diagnose a heart attack. And a BMP test which helps diagnose the presence, and severity of heart failure, so for the third quarter, and the full year we expect continued strong double-digit growth for our point of care business. Moving on to global nutritionals; where international nutritional sales grew in the mid teens this quarter. We continue to see strong demand for pediatric and adult nutritional products, as we expand our presence in emerging markets such as China and Southeast Asia; in pediatric nutrition increased demand for up-age, or extended age formulas for older infants; toddlers and school aged children continues to drive growth. Internationally adult nutritional sales were up nearly 15% driven by institutional demand for products such as Ensure, in the U.S. sales of pediatric nutritionals increased mid single-digits. Led by growth in infant formula and PediaSure, however as we previously forecasted total U.S. nutritional sales declined in the quarter on a reported basis. Impacted by the completion of the U.S. co-promotion of Synagis during 2006, so as we look ahead to the third quarter in nutritionals. We expect continued double-digit growth strong double-digit growth internationally with sales in the U.S. down mid single-digits. Again due to the impact of Synagis, adjusted for Synagis U.S. nutritional sales are expected to be up mid single-digits. Moving on to our pharmaceutical business and Humira; which had another very strong quarter. Global Humira sales were $735 million up 50%, U.S. sales exceeded $400 million for the first time in a quarter. And international sales increased nearly 60%, Humira U.S. prescription trends remain very strong. Growing more than 35% year-over-year, and growing more than twice the rate of the self-injectable biologics market. Based on trends we've seen so far this year as well as, the very good launch strong launch of our recent Crohn's indication. We recently raised our full year global sales forecast for Humira to more than $2.8 billion. During the second quarter; we launched Humira for Crohn's in Europe the fourth major disease state indication for Humira. This follows the U.S. Crohn's launch in February where we've already seen broad penetration, more than 4,000 Crohn's patients have initiated Humira therapy in the U.S. already. And total prescription share in the gastro segment has more than doubled since launch. Humira is the first and only self-administered biologic treatment for Crohn's disease which provides a convenience advantage for this patient population primarily comprised of young adults between the ages of 15 and 40. Unlike, other currently available therapies that must be infused by a health care professional Humira can be self-administered at home. In April we submitted Humira for psoriasis, our global submission includes best-in-class data from our two Phase III pivotal trials. Demonstrating superiority of Humira to the current standard of care, these studies indicate that nearly three out of four Humira patients experience a significant reduction in their disease. And one out of five patients achieved complete clearance, the market opportunity for both Crohn's and psoriasis is large and growing. With peak year expectations, of several billion dollars worldwide for biologic therapies in both indications. In addition, to psoriasis we submitted Humira for juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. We continue with Phase III studies for ulcerative colitis, and we expect to initiate Phase II studies in asthma in the coming months. Our clinical development expertise and superior commercial execution have made Humira one of the fastest growing biologics on the market today, and our follow-on indications have multibillion-dollar peak potential over the next several years. Moving on to our cardiovascular franchise; TriCor our cholesterol and triglyceride therapy, reported sales of more than $300 million which was up 21%. TriCor continues to be the best therapy on the market for lowering triglycerides with a known and well-established safety and efficacy profile, TriCor prescription trends remain strong, growing inline with the total cholesterol market, so as we look ahead to the third quarter. We expect continued double-digit growth and remain on track for full year growth in the range of 15% to 20% for TriCor. In May; we introduced our new film coated Niaspan extended release tablet, which allows for slower absorption of niacin in the body. Niaspan is the most effective therapy available for raising HDL with the longest record of success and safety, we're making steady progress with the launch as we've seen improvement in Niaspan prescription trends, since we've fully integrated and trained our cardiovascular sales force. Niaspan sales in the quarter were $170 million and as a result of this strong performance. We are today raising our Niaspan sales forecast for the full year to approximately $650 million, which is up from our previous forecast of around $600 million. We have also one of the leading pipelines in cholesterol management and in the second quarter. We submitted Simcor for FDA approval, Simcor is a fixed dose combination of Niaspan and Simvastatin that targets both HDL and LDL cholesterol, we anticipate presenting data from the Simcor Phase III pivotal trials later this year. Also this year we plan to file ABT-335, which is our next generation fenofibrate. Combination therapies are the fastest growing segment of a $17 billion cholesterol market. And we continue to work with Astra Zeneca on a fixed dose statin and fenofibrate combination therapy, that will target all three lipid parameters HDL, LDL and trigs. The fixed dose product will combine Crestor with either TriCor or ABT-335 which will be determined later this year, we anticipate submitting this combination therapy in 2009, with TriCor Niaspan, Simcor, ABT-335 and our combination with Crestor. Abbott's growing cholesterol franchise has the potential to include at least five unique therapies by 2010. So as you can see there's great potential from within our growing cardiovascular business, this year alone we anticipate this franchise will have sales approaching $2 billion. Moving on to Kaletra where during the quarter worldwide sales grew nearly 19%. Driven in part by continued market share gains across Europe following the international launch of the more convenient Kaletra tablets last year. Kaletra remains the number one most prescribed protease inhibitor in the world, for the third quarter. We anticipate global sales growth to be up mid single digits with stronger growth internationally; regarding Depakote sales for the quarter were up strong double digits. And Depakote ER our once a day version of Depakote now accounts for more than 50% of total Depakote prescriptions. Regarding Synthroid sales this quarter in the U.S. were $103 million. And we expect full year sales for Synthroid to again exceed $400 million for the full year, so as we look ahead to the third quarter in pharmaceuticals. We expect continued double-digit growth in the U.S. with mid to high single-digit growth internationally. Moving to our TAP joint venture sales of Prevacid and Lupron were inline with our expectations, and TAP's pipeline TAK-390MR which is TAP's next generation proton pump inhibitor completed Phase III trial enrollment, and is on track for an early 2008 FDA submission. TAP plans to share data for TAK-390MR in the first half of next year, Febuxostat, TAP's compound for gout also continues in Phase III development. And finally I want to talk a little bit about Abbott's pipeline. On pages, the last couple of pages of the news release this morning. We highlighted just a few of the programs where we've seen some steady progress in our broad based pipeline. Both in our early stage pipeline as well as, our later stage clinical programs in both pharmaceuticals and medical products, this is not by any means comprehensive but it gives you an idea of some of the significant programs. One of the most exciting areas of R&D for Abbott is oncology where as you probably know, we recently announced a partnership with Genentech to develop and commercialize two Abbott compounds. These were compounds developed by Abbott scientists; they include ABT-263, which is a Bcl-2 protein antagonist and ABT-869, a multi-targeted kinase inhibitor, which represents a promising unique approach to treating cancer. In addition to our earlier stage work, our late stage pipeline is also delivering significant results with five major regulatory filings this year. So far this year, we have submitted HUMIRA for psoriasis, Simcor and XIENCE and we planned to file later this year ABT-335 and controlled-release Vicodin. All these products have significant commercial potential. Moving forward, our research and development efforts will provide us with a number of innovative and significant opportunities over our five year long range plan. So we look forward to updating you on these and other ongoing development programs, as we continue to achieve important research milestones and continue to make progress in our productivity with the pipeline. And so with that, operator we will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today is from Mike Weinstein. And please state your company name.
Mike Weinstein: Thank you. It's J.P. Morgan. Excuse me, a couple questions if we could start-off. There was during this quarter, there was that Barron's article and there was noise on TriCor in particular, its uses with statins and the company never really came out and made a response to that. But there's obviously a lot of research that's been done on TriCor with statins including the Sapphire -- excuse me, the SAFARI trial and there's work that's obviously ongoing with 335 in combination with various statins. So in particular what would be helpful is if you could talk about the 335 studies that are ongoing combination with various statins? And what you know from that data so far and when you think that data might be published? Thanks.
John Thomas: Sure. Hi, Mike. This is John.
Mike Weinstein: Hi, John.
John Thomas: Hi. So on the Barron's TriCor article that came out unfortunately, that article was fairly skewed in the facts. We did feel like we responded through our media folks to that article, as best that we could. I will tell you though that that's one of those things that's unfortunate when those things happen. I'm sure; it's a very fine reporter at Barron's but for fact based for our investors, I think it's important to understand that this particular reporter did not -- is not a health care reporter, did not know about Abbott and did not know about the lipid market. We tried to educate her but sometimes these things turn out the way they do. The facts are though that TriCor's safety is very well understood. There is no data or nothing new here with TriCor to substantiate any of the implications that were made in that article. Fibrates, as you probably know have been around for more than 30 years and TriCor specifically has been used by 2 million patients or more than 2 million patients and has been available in the U.S. for 10 years. So we are not seeing any concerns from physicians or prescribers. In fact hopefully we put that to rest with the 21% growth in the quarter and the very robust prescription growth that we are seeing with TriCor, its safety profile is very well understood by clinicians and prescribing physicians and we have checked with our commercial team. And as you can see from the results there's really been no impact to prescribing patterns. With regard to 335, we are obviously very encouraged by the development of that program. We have completed the trials. We expect to show that data early next year publicly. We are working with AstraZeneca to determine next steps. As I mentioned in my remarks about do we pick TriCor, existing TriCor or do we pick the next generation product 335? So because of that partnership, we have seen data but I don't want to discuss it at this point. I will tell you that we are encouraged with the general situation with 335. We will file that product, I think as I mentioned as a mono-therapy later this year irregardless of what decision we make with AstraZeneca. But we are getting closer to a decision with them and I can't give you a specific time line but I would expect in the coming months that you'll hear from us on 335, and where we go with AstraZeneca.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. Let me follow-up with a couple different questions. At that first, I think probably everybody would like to hear a little bit more of a thought on this strategy of the diagnostics business going forward. I don't know, if Tom wants to take that or if Rick's on the line. But maybe what we'd like to dive into is to what degrees you'll be digging up this businesses as a long-term piece of Abbott while the GE deal fell apart. Obviously, there might be other interested parties and have you heard from the other parties and are you willing to entertain any of those discussions? And then the last item is just on the guidance for the back half of the year. HUMIRA obviously was well above consensus expectations. A number of other products are strong, XIENCE is doing well, you raised your guidance on Niaspan. So a lot of things are obviously moving in the right direction and then you left your EPS guidance for the year unchanged, even though you lowered your tax rate a little bit. So maybe just talk about the upside we're seeing from some of the key drivers of the company, why leave the EPS guidance intact and where are you going to spend that money? Thanks.
Tom Freyman: Mike, let me take the second question first on the tax rate because this does require a little explanation. And I think your impression is not and I understand it because it's a little confusing it's not the right one. So let me walk through it. The lower tax rate we're forecasting for the full year is pure optics. It's a function of now having diagnostics in the mix versus our assumptions back in April that we would sell the business and re-deploy the proceeds. Now let me give you a couple ways to think about that. If back in April, when our forecast of tax rate turned positive and we lowered the rate in our guidance if at that time we had known that ATD (ph) would be part of the mix, instead of reducing the rate to 20%, we would have reduced the rate to 19.5%, which is what our rate is now. So that's one way to think about it. The other way to think about it is under the previous scenario back in April, when we were assuming sale of the business, we were also assuming redeployment of proceeds in the second half primarily to pay down debt. As we have said all along on this deal, the 2007 impact of the deal was EPS neutral. Under the scenario the baseline scenario of running the business, we had a relatively lower tax rate on the business. Under the scenario of selling the business, interest is subject to a relatively high tax rate. So when the assumption of reduced interest goes out of our forecast, the optics are that our average rate for the year goes down slightly. And so it really, in total, we are really assuming nothing different. It's a function of the way the neutral EPS was balanced between running the business or disposing of the business and paying down debt.
Mike Weinstein: Got you. That makes sense.
Tom Freyman: So hopefully that explains it. On diagnostics itself from a strategic point of view, I think, John, at this point really did a nice job of re-grounding people on what the position of this business is. As you all know, it is a global leader, the global leader in Vitro. Got a huge footprint of instruments globally with the Architect and the Prism systems being state-of-the-art and leading systems. Clearly, in blood banking we are in the best position. Point of Care is a smaller business, but more rapidly growing and that is a concept that continues to catch on at hospitals, and something we think can really add to the growth rate. It was a $2.7 billion business last year. We think it's going to approach $3 billion this year. So there's decent growth in it. And as John indicated, the international business is performing extremely well, which is about 80% of the business. And from a GPO or a group purchasing organization point of view, ADD has been successful in securing two major contracts that will really help them over the next several years of the long range planning forecast cycle. So, the base business is solid, is performing well, and there's a lot to build on here. Now, senior management is going to be spending more time looking at the strategies going forward. We're working on that as we speak, we're spending a lot of time with the senior management at the division. And I think we'll have more to say about that in the coming quarters as we move forward.
Mike Weinstein: Okay, great. I'll let someone else jump in here.
Tom Freyman: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Glenn Reicin and please state your company name.
Glenn Reicin: Glenn Reicin, Morgan Stanley, thank you.
Tom Freyman: How you're doing.
Glenn Reicin: Two quick questions. Actually one not very quick question, but the quick question is without GE now are there any assets at this point that you are considering to sell? Were there any sort of strategic areas you need to focus in on? So sort of what are the implications of not having the extra cash from the GE deal? So that's question number one. And then, Tom, I think it would make life a lot easier if you can reconcile your old guidance in terms of the various line items with the new guidance. And just sort of quantify what the impact of the diagnostics business is, because I think that's really just confusing everyone. So I'll leave it at that.
Tom Freyman: Okay. From a portfolio perspective, I mean as we said even before the GE deal and before the diagnostic business came back into the fold here, we're very happy with the portfolio between the Guidant, Kos and Knoll acquisitions, the Sarasense acquisition, and the spin-off of Hospira a few years ago. When we look at this portfolio, we're very happy with the growth prospects and the market positions of these products, and the technology-driven nature of them, and our ability to innovate and grow them over the long-term. So, we are very happy with this portfolio, all aspects of it and you can see in the quarter good things happening in all of those businesses. As always, every business could benefit from technology augmentation or niche type additions. And as you know, we have a very active M&A group that continually look at those types of opportunities. I don't think there's anything critical, though that we need to execute on our strategic plan and to be successful in our financial forecast as we put them together. There's really no crying need for a deal. And if we were to think about it, the odds are at this point in time given how happy we are with the overall portfolio, that it would tend to be a smaller niche type of thing if we pursued anything.
Glenn Reicin: Could I just interrupt? Just to answer Michael's question about diagnostics, would you say now it's a very low likelihood that anything will be done in the future with that business? And also what is the status of TAP?
Tom Freyman: Yes, we have no, and we are committed to the diagnostics business for the long-term. There are no plans to reconsider a sale of the business. So we're moving forward with this as part of the portfolio, and we're going to manage it for the long-term. TAP, we talked about this a number of times publicly, both companies have expressed interest in running that business on their own in different ways over the years. We've never been able to come to a conclusion on that. Would that make sense? Yes, it might if the appropriate arrangement could come in, but there's nothing, no immediate prospect of that happening, we'll see. We'll see if anything would change in that. And to answer Mike' questions, we have no plans on any other businesses for dispositions.
Glenn Reicin: Okay. The question about GE and the P&L, for example the gross margin guidance today versus what it was a quarter ago, and try to help us walk through the various line items and how GE impacted that.
Tom Freyman: Yes, the main and there are really two main areas where collapsing GE back or I'm sorry, diagnostics back into the business affected anything really in the quarter, while the business had a very nice growth rate of low double-digits as we talked about in the release and on the call today, it was somewhat below the corporate average. So, from a sales growth perspective, there was about half a point impact of bringing GE into the results. The one area, and I mentioned it in my remarks, is gross margin. And as we said from the very beginning, there's about a 300 basis point impact when we thought it would be sold, and there's about a 300 basis point negative impact coming back in, which gets us to the 58% gross margin that I forecasted for the full year. The other line items are fairly modest, a couple ticks on R&D, because the R&D spending on this business was a little bit less than our corporate average, and a little bit on the SG&A ratio, but given that it's 10%, 12% of the business, even though the profiles are slightly different in those other areas, it really doesn't have much impact. So, the key areas are slight impact on growth rate on the top line in the quarter, and really the gross margin going forward.
Glenn Reicin: Okay. Thank you very much.
Tom Freyman: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rick Wise and please state your company name.
Rick Wise: Good morning. It's Rick Wise, Bear Stearns.
Tom Freyman: Good morning.
Rick Wise: Hi, Tom. Couple questions. First, since we're talking about diagnostics, maybe you could expand on the timing of FDA resolution, where are we now and how quickly does this get resolved?
Tom Freyman: Yeah, I mean, the situation in ADD is for most of our plants with the exception of Dallas, we've come through a pretty good inspection record here, very significantly in Lake County, we very recently completed an inspection there. And as many of you know, our Lake County facility is our most significant one, it's our largest one, which is where the assays are manufactured, which is where the products that generate the sales really are produced. That particular inspection had zero observations, so we're in very good shape there. The Dallas facility is under a warning letter. We did respond back in March to the observations the FDA had on that plant, and we are moving forward with our remediation activities, and I think are making very, very good progress in that regard. Really can't speculate on timing on these things and we're not prepared to do that today. But we're making good progress.
Rick Wise: Trust it doesn't really affect the business or the outlook?
Tom Freyman: No, I mean, this doesn't affect our ability to ship product. And again, the key thing for us is to address the observations, put the remediation plans in, which we have done already and it's just a matter of validating that they're operating and then working through the final clearance process with the FDA. So we're working through that, but it doesn't affect the business.
Rick Wise: Okay. Turning back to Xience, can you just remind us of the next milestone or milestones we expect, you reiterated your belief that I think you said first half '08 approval. Do you expect a panel this year or early next year? Just again, anything you can share with us?
John Thomas: Yes, hi, Rick. With XIENCE, obviously we're very early into the PMA submission process, it's only six weeks into that. We, as a company, have ongoing dialogue with the FDA, can't speak for other companies, but we have ongoing dialogue with the FDA. Obviously, can't talk about that specifically, but I think the next couple of events that investors are interested in are obviously, will there be a panel to review XIENCE and or another product. And we have not been notified by the FDA yet whether we're going to be scheduled for a panel, if we are, that's fine, we'd more than welcome the opportunity to talk about our data side by side with the competitive data that's under review. If we don't go to a panel, that's fine too. Either way, it doesn't change our forecast, which has been, and continues to be that we expect to receive approval and launch in the U.S. in the first half of next year. So, the other things that are of interest, obviously, would be new data. And at TCT we're going to have some new data on XIENCE where we'll talk about SPIRIT II and SPIRIT III one year, I believe that's a pooled analysis. And then SPIRIT III one-year data including subset analysis. Also we should have by then, I think the timing will work out that we'll have 12 month clinical data on ABSORB, the fully ABSORB bioabsorbable program. So, those are some things to look out for. We're very likely to have another analyst meeting at TCT like we did last year, and we'll give you information on that. And if there's anything new between now and then or shortly thereafter to talk about in terms of FDA response, we'll let you know on that, as well.
Rick Wise: Okay. Let me just jump in with two quick last ones here. During the call, there was a press release that said that Merck KGA had transferred Niaspan rights OUS to Abbott. Is this new news? And is this significant upside? And one last question for Tom. Obviously, the diagnostics sale was going to accelerate debt pay down. Maybe just review your thoughts about cash flow and debt pay down with diagnostics back in? Thanks.
John Thomas: Let me answer your question on the Merck KGA first and then I'll let Tom take the debt question. Yes, this release just went out this morning. And we got this question from investors when we did the Kos Pharmaceutical acquisitions last year. And at that time, if you recall, what we told people was any international opportunity would be in addition to what our base modeling assumptions were for Kos. We didn't include that to be conservative. So we are pleased that we've gotten these rights back, and we're evaluating that opportunity internationally right now. And we'll keep you posted on that. But that is a new item, yes.
Tom Freyman: Rick, to answer your question on debt, as you know, we've been generating extremely strong operating cash flow for the last few years, and that's continuing to this year, well over $5 billion before dividends last year. We would expect that to continue probably another record this year. That's what we forecast. And we expect a nice improvement in our net debt position as we progress through the year. I'm a little hesitant to give a forecast on that because that's somewhat dependent on our decisions and what we do with share repurchase. But plenty of cash flow. And I think if you look at our net debt position, you're going to see a significant reduction when you look at it compared to 2006. Over the longer term, we've said this many times, with that strong operating cash flow, we see a mix of uses. Certainly some debt reduction is something we want to continue to do, but also share repurchases continue to be active. We have $1.7 billion remaining on our current program. So that's something we would expect to continue to do. And I think there's plenty of cash flow and capacity in the event we did have some smaller niche augmentations to the business from an M&A perspective. So feel very good about our cash position, our credit rating is very strong. No change from S&P and Moody's when the announcement of our retention of ADD was made. So I think we're in pretty good shape.
Rick Wise: Thank you so much.
Tom Freyman: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Glenn Novarro. Please state your company name.
Glenn Novarro: Thanks guys. Banc of America. Couple questions. First on the pharma side, Humira, Depakote, TriCor, all handily exceeded our expectations. I just want to get a sense of the organic growth. Was there any stocking in the quarter? Were there any pricing, was there any price increases on these drugs? I just want to get a sense of how sustainable the growth is. That's question one.
John Thomas: Okay.
Glenn Novarro: Second is the bare metal stent leader. Can you give us a sense of where you think DES penetration is in the U.S. right now and what your sense of PCI volume? And then a quick one, Simcor, you haven't talked about OUS. Does there any plans for OUS? Do you have the rights to Simcor OUS? Thanks.
John Thomas: Okay, Glenn. Let me try to address those questions. As far as inventory, et cetera, we feel very comfortable with our inventory position. We did not see any major swings in inventory, and we obviously look at that very carefully. And like to keep our inventory levels in a very comfortable position. So that was not an impact. There was very modest impact on price year-over-year on pharma sales in this second quarter. So we did see some modest year-over-year price increases, but there were no price increases taken on any of the major pharmaceuticals in the quarter. So I hope that answers your question there.
Glenn Novarro: Yes.
John Thomas: DES penetration, our information shows that it's in the mid to upper 60% range, which I think is fairly consistent with what we've heard from our competitors. And it looks like it's stabilizing in the U.S. X-U.S., it's actually ticking up a little bit depending on the market, Europe and Japan. And the forecast is that that will continue to tick upward. So we're pleased with that. And of course, having the latest new technology in the marketplace with XIENCE will hopefully help with that when we get the product launch in the U.S. to launch into an accelerating, reaccelerating marketplace. PCI volume based on the data that we have, which is pretty good, that we triangulate on in terms of catheter sales and so forth, our PCI volume looks to be down in the high single-digit range. And then in terms of Simcor, I would tell you at this point that we are evaluating that opportunity, X-U.S. However, the dynamic in the marketplace is that combination drugs outside the U.S. are not as well reimbursed as they are in the U.S. So there could be some selected countries where there's opportunity. But we've always looked at it, and for modeling purposes internally considered the U.S. as the market that will drive the growth of this product when it's approved.
Glenn Novarro: One just last question for Tom. Tax rate for 2008, should we continue to assume about 20%?
Tom Freyman: Yeah, we, as I mentioned in my remarks, are forecasting 19.5% this year. And again, based upon the description of that before, that really should be what you consider as kind of a baseline going forward. And as we said back in April when we reduced our rate forecast, we think that's sustainable. So I think that's the way you should think about 2008.
Glenn Novarro: Okay so 19.5% should be in our models?
Tom Freyman: That would be...
Glenn Novarro: Okay. Good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, our next question is from Larry Biegelsen. And please state your company name.
Larry Biegelsen: It's Wachovia. Good morning. First question, does your goal for accelerating EPS growth in 2008 assume that generic Depakote ER does not enter the market in '08? And if it does, how would that change your outlook? And then I have a cholesterol-related question.
Tom Freyman: Larry, we've been through a number of generic challenges over the last two years, and I think we've managed through them extremely well. I mean when you think about Synthroid, Biaxin, Sevoflurane and Omnicef, the strength of the business has allowed us to work through those And each of those had an interesting set of legal challenges and fairly unpredictable outcomes in terms of if and when any one of them would go generic. And the way we like to approach that from a forecasting point of view is to be realistic and even conservative to the point where, we're not going to tell you exactly what our assumptions are because obviously we feel very good about our legal position. But from a financial planning perspective, it's challenging to totally count on predictability from these processes. And so we have been very, very realistic about what will happen to that franchise, when the compound patent expires in the middle of 2008. And we feel very comfortable with the way we've built our '08 assumptions in light of the realities that we're dealing with.
John Thomas: And the only thing I'd add there, Larry, is, as you know, Depakote ER has patents that go out to 2018, not that that's factoring into the realistic assumptions, because we are being very conservative in taking that out of our planning assumptions, and still delivering what we believe will be accelerating EPS in '08.
Larry Biegelsen: Great, and then on the cholesterol franchise, in the past you've given ranges for peak sales of pipeline products. I would love to hear your thoughts on how big you think Simcor could be in fixed combination of Crestor and one of your fibrates. Or maybe you can discuss where you think the cholesterol franchise sales can go in three to five years from the $1.9 billion or so in '07?
Tom Freyman: Yes.
Larry Biegelsen: And just lastly, could you just remind us of the patent life of ABT-335? Thanks.
John Thomas: Okay. Well, we are going to be seeking some new intellectual property protection around that, and I don't have any specifics with me right now. But as we file that and hopefully it gets approved by the FDA, we'll be able to share more along the lines of what we expect for 335. I think you're absolutely right in your general observation that our cholesterol franchise in totality could be a significant contributor to Abbott over the longer term. We're already looking at upwards of $2 billion between TriCor and Niaspan this year, and both have very good growth trajectories. And then there is significant opportunity, as I mentioned with the other programs, 335, Simcor, and then a fixed dose combination with Astra Zeneca, whether that's TriCor or 335. And I think, I mentioned this in remarks we're going to have five unique cholesterol therapies if all goes well by 2010. Specifically on Simcor, this is a product that if things go well, certainly could be in excess of $0.5 billion, and perhaps moving towards that $1 billion mark over time. 335 is a similar type of product. We'll talk more about it once we have a clearer path there in terms of discussion around filing and approval and so forth and we can talk about the data, which as I said, will be early next year and then I think you'll get a better sense of our optimism around the product. And, anything else from you Larry? I think we have time for one more question.
Larry Biegelsen: Who's going to book the fixed combination with Astra Zeneca? Can you just tell us that? I mean, how that's going to be booked, the TriCor-Crestor fixed combination?
John Thomas: Well, you mean booked? We'll book sales.
Larry Biegelsen: You guys will book sales, not Astra Zeneca? Or how will that be split?
John Thomas: You know, I'm going to check on that exactly how the accounting for that will work. Because I think, they're booking some as well. But, I'll get back to you on that piece of it.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks, John.
John Thomas: Okay. We have time for one more question, operator.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from Sara Michelmore. And please state your company name.
Sara Michelmore: Yes, Cowen and Company. Good morning.
Tom Freyman: Hi.
Sara Michelmore: Hi. Could you give us a quick update on the operating margin trend in that core diagnostics business? I know the sales have picked up, and before you guys had announced the divestiture, the operating margin was looking a little bit better on that business. Can you just give us an update in terms of the profitability trends there?
Tom Freyman: Yeah. I think if you're modeling '07, approaching 10% is the way we see it, probably very high single-digit to approaching 10%. Just a slight word of caution in the GAAP-defined segment data we provided in the first quarter. That isn't exactly the way the internal tracking within the company is, which as you know, is what is used for segment reporting. So, we'll be back to the normal segment reporting approach and I think for '07, that's the way to think about this business.
Sara Michelmore: Okay. And in terms of Niaspan and the Kos integration broadly, I assume with the sales ticking up there that you're on track with the integration there? But can you just give us an update in terms of where you are in terms of making that deal neutral to accretive, and if there's any potential upside from that based on the sales pickup?
Tom Freyman: Well, we've executed extremely well in that integration. Probably a little ahead of schedule in some areas, and the products are doing very nicely. I think certainly going into 2008 that's going to be ahead of our expectations in terms of what we put into our deal model. From a 2007 perspective, I think it's all part of the mix here. But I tell you the team has done a tremendous job, very near completion on things. And you're going to see a lot of the synergistic benefits in SG&A in the fourth quarter. And as we mentioned today, we've increased the forecast on Niaspan sales because you're starting to see the commercial execution take hold. You're starting to see the script rates move up. And that's going to bode well going into 2008.
Sara Michelmore: Okay, thanks. And in terms of Ultane, I guess that was a little bit below my forecast this quarter. Could you just give us some commentary in terms of the progression of Ultane and Sevoflurane internationally, and what we should expect in terms of a contraction for that product?
John Thomas: Okay. Sure, Sara. I'll answer that and then I want to follow-up on the previous question from Larry Biegelsen, because I found some more information on that. So, Sevoflurane actually has done fairly well compared to our expectations, at least. And I think most of the models that we look at, I think it's actually in line or slightly above of what people expected. And as you know, we have modeled in a decline due to some new competition in the marketplace. But also mainly is due to some price actions that we took proactively, as you might recall last year, when there was another product launch in the market. So, actually based on what we've been seeing and what we've been modeling, we've done fairly well and the share has been fairly stable. We continue to actively promote the product. We have a very strong promotional presence around that, and we have the vast majority of the major accounts, over 80% of the marketplace, that we've been able to retain. So, what we've done in terms of price has really been the driver of the decline, which is fully expected. So, net, net, we've done fairly well. Back to Larry Biegelsen's question on the fixed dose. When and if that product gets approved, which we hope it will be down the road, the way that our agreement works with Astra Zeneca, our portion of profits that we get from that partnership will be booked as revenues. So, that unlike the former Beringer Ingleheim agreement should be a good one in terms of gross margin. And then Astra Zeneca, I believe they'll book sales, as well. But the profit that we receive from the split, we will book as revenue. So, I hope that's helpful. So, that concludes our conference call today. A replay of this call will be available after 11 a.m. Central time on Abbott's investor relations website, at Abbottinvestor.com, and after 11 a.m. Central time via telephone at 402-220-6421, confirmation code 3144138. The audio replay is available until 4 p.m. on Wednesday, July 25th. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you, and this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.
