===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the FIS First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to George Mihalos, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
George Mihalos: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the FIS first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Call is being webcasted. Today's earnings release, corresponding presentation, and webcast are all available on our website, fisglobal.com. On the call with me this morning are Stephanie Ferris, our CEO and president; and James Kehoe, our CFO. Stephanie will lead the call with a strategic and operational update, and James will review our financial results. Turning to Slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language. Also, throughout today's call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share, and adjusted free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company, but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information is presented in our earnings release. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Stephanie.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you George, and thank you everyone for joining us. I'm pleased to report that 2025 is off to a strong start. Our laser focus on driving commercial excellence across the enterprise, while simplifying and strengthening our portfolio is delivering results for our shareholders. Our durable business model is underpinned by high levels of recurring revenue, and this allows us to deliver consistent financial results across all economic cycles. In the recently announced strategic acquisition of global payments issuer business and the sale of our minority Worldpay stake will strengthen our value propositions to clients while further strengthening our financial profile. In the first quarter, we delivered adjusted revenue growth of 4% ahead of expectations. Recurring revenue growth accelerated meaningfully from 2% last quarter to 4%. And we expect to see continued strength over the course of the year as signed deals continue to be implemented on schedule. The 3 client requested delays that we mentioned on our last quarter call are all live, and we have not seen any negative impacts from macro factors. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was at the high end of our outlook, while free cash flow conversion exceeded 70%, a very strong start, giving us confidence in delivering on our full-year outlook. Adjusted EPS grew 11% to $1.21 at the upper end of our outlook, and we returned $670 million to shareholders across share repurchases and dividends. Our solid start to the year and strong execution leaves us confident in reaffirming our full-year outlook. Now let's turn to Slide 6 for a discussion on new wins and our leading position in the markets we serve. During the first quarter, we signed several new marquee engagements across the money life cycle, and we are seeing momentum building in the second quarter, beginning with money at rest. On the heels of a record year for core wins in 2024, we continue to see strong demand for our core solutions and are expecting another year of solid sales. I'm pleased to announce that our IBS core was selected by a leading East Coast commercial bank with over $15 billion in assets as part of an evaluation following an acquisition. After a highly competitive process, the bank's management team selected FIS for their complex needs as a growing financial institution. This win demonstrates how well -- how we are well positioned to capitalize on consolidation given our skew towards larger banks and stronger product set. This is a positive proof point of our strong competitive positioning and much improved retention rates. We anticipate momentum and core wins to continue in the second quarter with an active pipeline of opportunities we expect to close. Our digital solutions continue to gain traction in the market. During the first quarter, a Midwest Community Bank with over $15 billion in assets selected our digital one product to help the bank transform its branch teller technology. The win represents another competitive takeaway for our digital capabilities, which were also recognized by Celent for market momentum and support in their recent reports. Moving to money in motion, where our office of the CFO capabilities are resonating with a broad range of clients. During the quarter, we expanded our relationship with the leading multinational engineering and technology firm. The company selected FIS's award-winning treasury management solution to assist it with its cash and risk management needs. The company also selected several of our payment solutions, including our payments hub, a connectivity solution that helps corporates centralize, standardize, and process payments quickly and at scale. This is a prime example of how office of the CFO is expanding our addressable market beyond traditional financial institutions to corporates. We are encouraged by the market reception to our office of the CFO offerings and are well on track to meet our sales goal for the year. Moving to money at work. We continue to expand our presence in adjacent growth vectors such as private equity and private capital. In the first quarter, Atlas SP, a global investment management -- a global investment firm specializing in private credit, selected our commercial lending solution to help manage its servicing needs on complex loans and investor reporting requirements. The win is a competitive takeaway and represents our first direct lender client for our commercial lending solution. Turning to more traditional capital markets activity, our derivatives processing solution was selected by a premier buy-side firm looking to expand its self-clearing capabilities. We continue to see a trend of buy-side firms adopting self-clearing capabilities and are encouraged for the prospects of our derivatives clearing solution. Now turning to Slide 7 for a quick review of our recent milestone transaction. On April 17th, we announced 2 transactions that accelerate the strategic repositioning of our portfolio. First, we entered into an agreement to sell our 45% stake in Worldpay to global payments for $6.6 billion in pre-tax value. The sale price represents a premium to the valuation FIS received when it sold its majority stake in 2024 and accelerates the monetization of Worldpay versus pursuing an IPO. Second, we announced the acquisition of the Issuer Solutions business for a net enterprise value of $12 billion including a $1.5 billion tax benefit. As a reminder, the transactions are expected to close simultaneously in the first half of 2026. The acquisition of the Issuer Solutions business and the sale of our Worldpay stake strengthens our strategic and financial position. Issuer Solutions complements our existing banking solutions product suite with best in class credit processing capabilities at scale and enhances our value proposition to large banks and corporates, unlocking greater cross-sale potential across existing clients. The acquisition is also financially attractive. The transaction is accretive in the first 12 months to adjusted EPS, EBITDA margins, and adjusted free cash flow with greater benefits longer term as synergy targets are achieved. It strengthens our financial profile and provides us with greater recurring revenue. And lastly, the transaction allows us to monetize a non-strategic asset and replace it with a growing stream of durable revenue and strong free cash flow. We look forward to closing the transactions and are excited to be partnering with Global Payments going forward. We're confident the transactions will represent a significant win for all companies involved and with that, I'll turn it over to James for a review of our first quarter financials. James?
James Kehoe: Thank you Stephanie, and good morning. I'll begin on Slide 9 with an overview of our first quarter results, which we previewed on April 17th. We had a great start to the year with adjusted revenue growth of 4%, exceeding the high-end of our outlook. We delivered upside from both operating segments, further increasing our confidence in meeting our full-year outlook. Adjusted EBITDA came in close to the high-end of our outlook at $958 million leading to an EBITDA margin of 37.8% in the quarter. Adjusted EPS was $1.21, and it was also near the high end of our outlook with year-over-year growth of 11%. Cash conversion improved significantly as we rolled out working capital initiatives and lapped a week prior year. Free cash flow was $368 million in the quarter compared to $95 million last year with a cash conversion rate of 71% compared to 18% in the prior year. As a reminder, the first quarter is historically a lower conversion quarter, so we are off to a strong start on our full-year target of 82% to 85%. Capital expenditures were $233 million in the quarter, or 9% of revenue consistent with our full-year expectation, and we exited the quarter at our target leverage of 2.8 times. Lastly, we returned $670 million to shareholders, including $450 million of share repurchases, putting us well on track to meeting our $1.2 billion annual target for share repurchases. In summary, a great start to the year with strong execution across all key metrics. Turning now to our segment results on Slide 10. Adjusted and recurring revenue growth was 4% with recurring revenue at 81% of total revenue. We continue to emphasize growth in this durable, high margin revenue stream. Banking grew 2% in the quarter, coming in ahead of the high end of our outlook. Recurring revenue growth outpaced adjusted revenue growth at 3% in the quarter. Non-recurring revenue increased 3% as the anticipated 2 percentage point headwind from termination and license fees was offset by stronger performance from our card production business. Professional services declined 5% as we successfully concluded some large projects at year end. As Stephanie discussed, client implementations are on track, and we expect accelerating professional services growth over the course of the year. Banking EBITDA margin contracted to 40.1%, reflecting high license and termination fees last year and the timing of operating expenses. Turning now to capital markets, where we had another strong quarter. Adjusted revenue growth came in ahead of the high end of our outlook at 9% with recurring revenue growth of 6%. Non-recurring revenue advanced 47% as the team delivered a strong license quarter, including outsized renewal timing. Professional services declined 5% year-over-year, reflecting the completion of some project work and is expected to return to growth in the second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 90 basis points, reflecting strong growth in high margin license revenue and continued favorable operating leverage. Moving now to our outlook on Slide 11. As messaged on our April 17th call, we are reaffirming our outlook for the full year, and we are not changing any of our key assumptions. Implementations are ramping on schedule, and we have good line of sight into the 150 basis points of incremental banking growth that is tied to commercial excellence. For the second quarter, we anticipate adjusted revenue growth of 4.2% to 5%. We are targeting banking revenue growth of 3.7% to 4.4%, consistent with our commentary on the fourth quarter call and in line with our full-year outlook. This acceleration will be underpinned by strong and accelerating recurring revenue growth. For capital markets, we expect adjusted revenue growth of 6% to 6.7% and combined with a strong first quarter. This puts our first half growth modestly ahead of our full year outlook. We are projecting sequential margin improvement of approximately 200 basis points to around 39.8% to 40% in the second quarter. For the year, we anticipate continued sequential marginal improvement over the remaining quarters as we progress to our full-year target of 41.3%. We are projecting adjusted EPS of $1.34 to $1.38 with EPS growth ranging from 0% to 3%. The result is held back by 2 items with a combined negative impact of approximately 5 points of growth. Firstly, we are lapping a sizable one-time rollover in interest income as we opportunistically invested Worldpay proceeds last year. Secondly, we are facing a tough year-on-year comparison on EMI. Worldpay had a very strong performance last year, including a slower than planned buildup of standalone operating expenses. Consistent with prior quarters, we have provided our detailed assumptions in the appendix. Let's now wrap up on Slide 12. In summary, our first quarter results were above expectations with strong starts on both revenue growth and cash conversion. We are on track for accelerating growth from our banking segment beginning in the second quarter, and we are reaffirming our full-year outlook with total shareholder return of 11% to 13%. Capital returns were $670 million in the quarter putting us on schedule for our $2 billion annual capital return target. And lastly, we announced a significant transformation of our financial profile, replacing our non-cash minority interest in Worldpay with a durable cash generating asset in Issuer Solutions. With that, operator, could you please open the line for questions?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for the update. Just want to – [Julian] [ph], I think Stephanie talked about timely conversions under the 3 delayed deals did go live, it sounds like you're not hearing any decline decision delays. I'm just curious what other feedback you're getting in terms of decision making, pipeline rebuild, and of course any client feedback that's worth sharing with respect to bringing the Issuer Solutions business on.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, thanks Tien-Tsin. So a couple of things, yeah, as we had indicated, those client conversions were going live in first quarter and second quarter. They're all live, so really happy about that and you're seeing that show up in the banking revenue guide in second quarter and full year. So, very good, everything went well, progressing exactly as expected and maybe even slightly positive. In terms of overall pipeline from clients, I mean that's the benefit of FIS is regardless of the economic cycle, we have very highly recurring and were required spend, so not seeing any impact from clients in terms of slowing spend down. In fact, our pipeline is actually increasing very significantly even as we compare it to year-over-year. So, feeling really good about pipeline, we're obviously keeping a very tight watch on it in terms of tariff and economic activity, but I'd say that's the benefit of FIS, it's very durable, highly recurring and required spend, it's not really discretionary. And then with the last piece on TSYS, I have to say from a client standpoint they -- it's been really, really positive. So, we did obviously a lot of diligence on the TSYS business. We know them. We know the team there just from being in the market for a long time. We didn't compete against them, but they have such a great brand. And from their clients that are also clients of ours, people were -- we are hearing very strong commitments to them in terms of best in class product suite, as well as client service and then consistent with didn't really see a value of having merchant acquiring and TSYS together, so like the focus with the ultimate acquisition by us in terms of continuing to focus on financial institutions and on that solution set, because that customer base is typically not looking at merchant acquiring, so very positive all around.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Great. It's just a quick follow up. I know I've had it before on this call before, Stephanie, but just any updated thoughts on Capital One, Discover that's moving a little bit more forward.
Stephanie Ferris: No, I mean, I think they had some really positive news. Sounds like it's moving forward. We have a great partnership with them. We had a great partnership with Discover, so we see nothing but positives with them and continue to support them in everything they want to do. It's nice to see them obviously get through their hurdles and get to the other side of it. We think it's going to be a great combination.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Davis with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
John Davis: Hey, good morning guys. Just wanted to drill in a little bit to 2Q guide for capital markets, a little bit of a de-sell. You do have a little bit of a tougher comp, anything else to call out recurring, non-recurring, anything else that would be helpful.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, so I think when you think about second quarter, it really is a first quarter, second quarter. If you look at our first quarter results for capital markets, they had a very high non-recurring benefit in the first quarter from a renewal. So, that was a timing related benefit in the first quarter. We saw their recurring revenue first quarter to second quarter is very consistent and then the license and the renewal activity goes back to more of a normalized. So, they were benefiting in the first quarter from that. And so you see our second quarter guide being very consistent with first quarter excluding that renewal timing.
John Davis: Okay, great. And then just thinking about the banking segment on a pro forma basis, can you help us, what percentage of that banking segment will now be the combined debit issuing business that you have plus TSYS and just maybe a rough sense of what is kind of an account on file versus a per transaction fee just so we can get a sense of any sort of cyclicality with the slowdown from a macro perspective.
Stephanie Ferris: Well, those are great questions, John. I don't think I have all that at my fingertips. I think you heard this morning from the TSYS guys on their call that they are seeing consistent and strong account on file growth, and they're even -- they had positive spend, they earn transaction growth and still a little bit of muted commercial. From our side of the house, debit, just like you would expect, from a consumer spend standpoint, we're seeing consumer spend on debit continuing to be consistent with what you're hearing from everybody else. We don't see a slowdown. It's also a very resilient part of the business for us. We're seeing very strong debit transaction growth. Our credit portfolio is not very big, but we aren't seeing any slowdown there. So, hopefully that's helpful. I don't have the numbers in front of me in terms of accounts on file or transactions.
James Kehoe: Yes, the only thing we highlighted on the call was just we're adding 2.5 billion to a banking business this roughly 7, so the scale in banking goes up by I think it's about 35%, so it's a 9.4 revenue -- 9.4 billion of revenue. Then, we said that overall, it's additive to margins by about 80 basis points. We didn't give any specifics here, except that we did point out to their strong position in the market, and they have, I think the beauty of that business, the average tenure of the clients is 25 years, so it's highly durable revenue, which is very consistent with our core banking business. So, 80% recurring revenue with margins in the low to mid-40s.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, I think the other thing is it supports what we said at Investor Day in terms of ability to continue to grow payments in a very large scaled and durable way, so debit and credit, and it also gives us an opportunity with clients to do more bundling as we think about the cross-sell whether we have debit and they have credit or they have credit and we have debit, which is pretty significant.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Dan Dolev: Hey guys, great results there, really nice to see that. Stephanie, can you maybe give us a sense of how you're feeling about the Worldpay EMI outlook and how's revenue growth has been tracking their relative to your expectations.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, thanks, Dan. So, the Worldpay EMI outlook is very consistent year-over-year with what we've been putting in the guide. We're not seeing any softening there. In fact, we always think, as you know, that [Charles] [ph] has strong growth, so we're always hoping for outperformance, but nothing negative at all in the EMI outlook very consistent with what they've provided to us. In terms of revenue growth, and I think [Cameron] [ph] gave some updates as well on the call this morning, we're really pleased to see the acceleration of revenue in Worldpay last year, separating it was clearly the right decision and bringing back [Charles] [ph] and having growth and focus there and investment, they've really been able to turn that business around. You're seeing the revenue growth in the fourth quarter and then into the first quarter. They obviously have lapping of Easter and leap day like everybody else, but their revenue growth continues to be consistent with the market, and they're feeling really good about where they're taking it -- taking it from when we had it really as a low single digit grower to back up to mid to upper. So, feeling really good about the performance there, they're highly focused on execution, and I think it'll be a great asset for Global Payments.
Dan Dolev: Thank you. And just as a quick follow up, can you give us a sense of the EBITDA margin cadence given the timing of the investments in the first quarter?
Stephanie Ferris: For Worldpay?
Dan Dolev: Yeah.
Stephanie Ferris: The EBITDA margin cadence for Worldpay. I don't think we externally talk about that. I think all we can show you technically is revenue and EMI. You would expect though that they are making investments in the business. They had some benefits in EMI you saw last year, because the investments were a little bit slower to get started. They're fully ramping those, so no change from what we've said historically.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [Ryan] [ph] on for Ramsey. Thanks for taking our question today. As we start to think about the pro forma business, what would you consider the lowest hanging fruit from a cost synergy standpoint and any additional color you could provide on the rate in which you expect to realize these synergies would be helpful.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure, maybe I'll take the types of cost synergies and I'll default over to James in terms of rate, but I think what we shared was, we think the biggest amount of cost synergies and just as a reminder we talked about 125 million, would be rationalizing duplicate vendor costs. So, when you think about bringing the both card businesses together, whether it's debit or credit, we use the same set of vendors. Think about vendors like technology, software, fraud vendors, etc. So, we think there's quite a bit there. You would expect us to pull those very quickly. We also anticipate back office optimization. So, when you think about whether you're producing a debit card or a credit card, we have consistent card production capabilities, we have print and mail capabilities, those can be optimized. You can imagine that the TSYS side is bigger than our side, but we don't need all of them. And so you would expect us to have back office optimization there. And then to the extent we have operational capabilities that we think we can bring together and quite frankly use the TSYS expertise, because it's much larger than ours on the credit side, we think we could see opportunities there. In terms of cost synergies, you should expect to see us get out the gate very quickly with those. They're obviously the lower hanging fruit, and so we will use the time frame between now and signing to get very organized around that. I don't know that what cadence James we gave a view towards revenue and EBITDA synergy?
James Kehoe: What we said was if you look at total synergies of 150, we said split it evenly over year 2 and year 3, while we will get some cost synergies in the first year. We will have some TSYS from Global in the first period, so we'll get our arms around it, but as Stephanie said, we'll go really quickly on cost synergies. I think the upside is bigger than the 150 longer term. What we did say on the call was that only included 45 million of revenue synergies up in the first 3 years, but we did highlight a long-term potential on revenue synergies of 125, so that 150 will build as you look further out in the period. But take a 50/50 over year 2 and year 3, and you won't be too far along.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks. That's all for me. Congrats on the quarter.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Schmidt with Citi. Please go ahead.
Andrew Schmidt: Hi, Stephanie. Hi, James. Thanks for taking my questions this morning. I know you mentioned that the Issuers Solutions transaction will be accretive in the first 12 months, but I'm wondering if you could just comment on the level of accretion that you expect, we get to those single digit in 12 months and then higher maybe mid single in 24 months, obviously there's probably some upside to that depending on timing and favorability and things like that, but any comments there would be helpful.
James Kehoe: I think we're not going to go any further than what we said on the transaction call. We're very happy that it's immediately accretive, and as I said -- what will happen is, it's immediately accretive, but it's transformational at the same time. So, the EPS accretion I think is the least important number, because we're losing a fairly and very accretive Worldpay stake that also gave us tax benefits, but we're replacing it with a boost to our banking revenue at 35%. More importantly, our cash flow will go up 35%, so the construction of the company is completely different. The scale is flowing through to cash as opposed to EPS. That's the part I would point to more than anything else. The margins are boosted as well, which strengthens our banking business. The specific EPS accretion is not the most attractive part of the deal. It is solidifying the strength of the banking business and call it fortifying our banking business going forward, driving enhanced scale on the total company. But you know, where it really plays out for me is on the cash line, which is adding 700 million when the reality is our current cash flow is in the region of 2 billion on an adjusted basis. So, that's an incredible boost. And I think, you look at the revenue synergies longer term, and that can only be additive to the attractive financial profile of the company.
Andrew Schmidt: Thank you. [indiscernible] on the cash flow and strategic benefits. I appreciate that. If you could just talk about a little more detail the sales motion with cross selling credit issuance processing, I assume often with large FIs you're talking in enterprise level, so that part of the business can be pulled in, but just curious, just maybe a process question, how you go about the cross-sell motion. Thanks a lot.
Stephanie Ferris: So, the reason why this transaction makes just so much sense is the amount of clients that we both support. So, on our side we could be doing core and network and debit as well as trading and lending when you think about these large financial institutions. So, we already have that cross-sell motion going between the banking and capital markets business, and offer out a bundled solution set there. The opportunity has always been having -- not having the credit capabilities up-market. So, when you think about ability and an opportunity to add credit now to credit and debit as well as core network lending and trading, we think we're uniquely positioned, because we think we're the only player that has that cross section of product sets. And we already have the motion in play. We also think just relationship wise, if you think about where we play typically with the banking and capital market solution sets typically back office. So, when you think about who we're interacting with chief technology officers or CIOs, when you start to talk about credit issuing, we're now in the front part of the bank, because of how much revenue generating capabilities it is. So, for us we really think about this as a big unlock of incremental market for us in a large financial institution space whereby we are already have existing relationships, have cross-sell motion, and now we're adding a product set and a set of a team that has significant relationships. So win, win, win there and very excited about it. And then as I mentioned to Tien-Tsin in the very beginning of the call, hearing from clients just really positives around both the TSYS product set and teams over there in terms of customer service, but also that they like the benefits of dealing with FIS altogether as you think about one provider serving them across their ecosystem makes it easier for them from a regulatory standpoint and overall from getting the best optimized metrics for them. So, that's been very positive as well.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning guys. Thank you. I wanted to start on the banking side. It looks like based on the Q2 guide, we'll need maybe 200 basis points of acceleration in the second half to get to the midpoint of the full year, and I know that's pretty consistent with what you originally anticipated. Now that we're a third of the way through the year, can you hone in on the specific drivers there? I don't know if it's mostly just the ramp of the 3 delayed implementations and just your overall visibility and confidence level on that acceleration?
Stephanie Ferris: More numeric, I think as you think about margins for us, it's really 2 things going into second quarter in the back half of the year. The first one is just overall mix. So, as we talked about the sales and high levels of revenue retention, when we did our guide in the fourth quarter into 2025, we talked about the mix of less lower margin and more higher margin and not really taking hold in the back half of 2025. So, we think from a margin standpoint, we would expect and as you know, as you can see, we now have really strong visibility to a positive mix driver for that in the back half of this year. In addition to that, we, as you know, have been executing against all of our future forward cost programs and continue to significantly ramp those and so as we sit here today and may feel very confident about the activities we've already done and what are yet to be done, as we think about going into the rest of the year, we have a lot of muscle around this, we have a lot of programmatic focus on this and have been doing it since the end of 2023 and then probably the last thing I would say is we just have an easier comp as we go into the second half if you look at the year-over-year. So, really focusing on mix continued of our operating expense programs, which we think we're really good at this point and an easier comp makes it where we feel really confident around the margin expansions. I don't know, James, do you want to talk about anything else?
James Kehoe: No, I would say -- I would say the way it's playing out is very much as we predicted when we put our plans in place at the end of last year. You'll recall back as far as Investor Day we said we would do roughly annually 175 bps of cost reduction. We're actually running ahead of that. The only thing is, last year the first half had the highest proportion of cost reduction relative to the total year and this year the back half has a higher proportion of the total cost reduction. I would say our visibility to the cost reduction initiatives is excellent. I don't think it could be any higher. All of the initiatives are in full swing. We actually are probably in the first half doing slightly better, so we're actually very, very comfortable in the first half, second half split. Maybe we didn't telegraph it well enough to the market, but as Stephanie said, there's 2 things happening, and I'll double down on this. One is mix. The mix is basically a first quarter story is that we're lapping these exceptionally high margins in the first quarter of last year. That's done. It's behind us. There's none of this on a go-forward basis, so the revenue mix contribution improves in the latter 3 quarters. And then as I said on the cost side, we could not, I just want to be clear on this, we could not have better visibility to the cost programs, and these are just managed extremely tightly and we got no surprises in the first quarter whatsoever, so fully, fully on track.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, so comps mix and costs very clear there, so maybe just on the revenue side of banking, that too I know the expectation was to be kind of second half loaded. How are you feeling about the visibility there when you've got the 3 implementations that are now live, but I don't know to what extent you're depending on kind of new sales, kind of formulating and ramping in the latter part of the year, just kind of give us some color on the drivers there, because I think we need maybe a couple of points of second half versus first half acceleration to get to the midpoint on the full year.
James Kehoe: I think I'd point out first that the comfort at which we're confirming the second quarter should not be lost on you. We called this out 3 months ago when we gave the full-year guide on the second quarter and we still have just as strong conviction if not even higher. So, we have great visibility into the second quarter. What we said on the full-year guide is, there is one big driver in the banking acceleration, it's 150 basis points that's coming from commercial excellence. And this is, as you said correctly on the call, you said it's essentially it's new sales, but any new sales you have in the second half is not going to impact your second half performance? What I mean -- I mean new ACV you get in the second half has no impact on the second half. This is all stuff that's already being sold and most of it was sold in 2024, which was a very strong year for the banking business. And I think we said the total was up 12% -- I think it was 11%, 12% on banking. So all of that, you see it flowing in. The other part that we called out was the incredibly high retention rates that we're seeing, particularly on the banking business. It's actually across the entire business. But banking compared to the past is -- it's a very, very strong number in the high 90s. So, when you've got this retention and you had a strong sales year in the prior year, that's what's driving the step-up of the 150 basis points. So actually, funny enough, our conviction is extremely high just because it's work that's already done and dusted. And I'll just add on. Last year was a record year for core wins as well. So, we had almost -- and then digital was up 50%. We gave all these data points before. The second half field is stuff that has already been put in place. And now it's just recognizing it as revenue in the second half. So, we have a high level of comfort on the full-year guide.
Stephanie Ferris: I don't think I could say it any better than that. Well done.
James Kehoe: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bryan Bergin with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Bryan Bergin: Hi guys, good morning. I wanted to start on free cash flow. Could you just comment on further progress in the net working capital optimization initiatives you have? And then as you think about combining with Issuer Solutions, appreciate the OpEx leverage commentary you shared earlier. From a CapEx standpoint, may a broader scale give you added flexibility there to drive more favorable terms in areas like infrastructure?
James Kehoe: [Questions.] [ph] The thing we're really pleased. We did say it on the last call, we were rolling out working capital initiatives, and we said we weren't going to steer at the problem, we're going to move pretty quickly. So, most of the cash flow improvement versus prior year is coming from net working capital. And if you split that in 2, last year was a rocky first quarter and there were some one-time items. I would say of the total improvement year-on-year from 18% to 71%. Half of it is coming from a bad year last year, and slightly more than half is coming from initiatives put in place. I'll give you examples. The procurement organization is -- has worked on the top 50 customers and taking them to -- sorry, vendors and taken them to 90-day turns. We're not all the way there yet, but we've already locked in a large number for the current year, and we're working now on Tier 2 suppliers. So, that's actively in motion and then increased governance around the extension of terms to clients. And sometimes it's the simple stuff that gives you the biggest benefits. What I'm really happy about is we're seeing it early in the year, and we don't have a show-me story in the second half. And just to emphasize this, the Q1 is historically an incredibly low quarter. So, Q1 of 2023, I think was 40% and Q1 of 2024 was 18% and this year is 71%. This is a great start ahead of the gate that really makes us comfortable on the full year of cash guide. So, I'm feeling good about that. Your point on CapEx, if I get my numbers right, I think the Issuer business is running at about 8% of revenue, and we we're at 9% this year with a long-term outlook of 8. I think you're right. We will be looking, as Stephanie said earlier one of the synergy opportunities is, we are -- we have bigger scale with our vendors and suppliers, and we would be expecting more attractive terms. And you're exactly right. You would expect to see a benefit in the P&L in terms of lower OpEx and you would expect to see a benefit in terms of lower CapEx. But, we still got to approve all this stuff out. It's well in front of us, but your point is not -- is well taken.
Stephanie Ferris: It is. The only thing I would add is, just to be a little bit cautious on that. Remember, TSYS is in the middle of a modernization program. So, while we would look to definitely get savings from joint vendors, we also don't want to take away and continue to have in our model, consistent with their model, the work we need to do to continue their modernization efforts. So, that could be what would keep us at higher levels of capital while we finish out that program with them.
James Kehoe: Yes. I think we said on the transaction call actually, we said that we would anticipate a continued rate at about 8% for the foreseeable future, because of exactly what Stephanie just said. So, I wouldn't go building in any major changes in trajectory until we're well past the modernization of systems.
Bryan Bergin: All right. That's clear. On the capital markets side, can you just comment on how sales are progressing in both your traditional and non-traditional verticals?
Stephanie Ferris: So, I think we mentioned -- as we mentioned on the call, and let's start with the non-traditional, very excited about things we are seeing as opportunities both in the pipeline as well as closing on non-traditional private credit hedge funds using our capabilities as we see the markets merge across traditional and non-traditional. In addition to that, on the traditional side, continue to see a lot of opportunities in trading and processing, especially as we bring in capabilities and add additional capabilities like Demica, Torstone, and cross-sell those products into our existing base. So, capital markets continues to execute at very high levels the products they continue to bring to market are driving a lot of increased pipeline and ultimate sales, and we're not slowing down in terms both the increased number of products that are being brought to market as well as that pipeline and close sales. So, feeling really good about both traditional and our opportunity in the non-traditional.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rayna Kumar with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Rayna Kumar: Hi, good morning. Can you talk a little bit about any potential dissynergies that may be tied to the sale of your Worldpay business? And any potential offsets to it?
Stephanie Ferris: We don't have any dissynergies from the Worldpay business. I mean I think we already took all of that as we separated the 55%. So, there aren't any.
Rayna Kumar: Understood, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vasu Govil with KBW. Please go ahead.
Vasu Govil: Hi, thank you for taking my question. Apologies if I missed this in the prepared remarks, Stephanie, but can you comment on the ACV growth this quarter? I know historically you've given us that number.
Stephanie Ferris: I don't think we've historically given that number. I think we talked about it for a full year basis. I think we feel good about ACV coming into the year. First quarter is typically our lowest quarter in terms of sales, and that's consistent year-over-year. See very strong growth across the business in cores, digital, consistent with the way we talked about it on a year-over-year basis. As James mentioned, our products continue to drive increased ACV in sales, but we also are seeing the incremental benefits of the product investments in high levels of revenue retention, we talked about as we come into the fourth quarter, our level of confidence and then James just reiterated it in the first quarter in both sales that we saw at the end of the fourth quarter and in the first quarter, as well as high levels of revenue retention, both of those were part of the commercial excellence program, I put in place since I started as CEO, because as James mentioned, it's not just about new, it's about making sure we can cross-sell into the existing base and that we have high levels of renewal rates. And we think that's significantly as well, underpinning the confidence we have as we go into the back half of the year. And then we'll continue that program as we think about continuing to activate sales as well as recurring revenue or high renewal rates into 2026. So, feel very good about the activity; but as I mentioned, first quarter always is our lowest quarter, but things continue to go well.
Vasu Govil: Thank you for that color. And I know you alluded to this a little bit before, but with the [Cap One] [ph] and Discover deal now approved, just curious if that unlocks any additional opportunities for you in addition to what you've already implemented for both of them and like the timeline we should look for to hear any such announcements.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So we -- as I mentioned, we are on both sides of that transaction, very excited to partner with Capital One and help them meet all of their expectations as they look to close on that transaction. It's always an opportunity for us. I think as we think about being a good partner to them in terms of whatever they want to do, it would be part of our sales goals for the year. And obviously, that getting closed is important to us like it is important to them. I don't know that materially moves the needle for us as we think about what we need to do for them; but, it's a very active and very important relationship.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today's question-and-answer session in today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-11 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the FIS Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. George Mihalos, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Georgios Mihalos: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the FIS Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcasted. Today's news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Stephanie Ferris, our CEO and President; and James Kehoe, our CFO. Stephanie will lead the call with a strategic and operational update, followed by James, who will review our financial results. Turning to Slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language. Also throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information is presented in our earnings release. And now I'll turn the call over to Stephanie.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you, George, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. 2024 was a year of continued progress at FIS. We made significant strides executing on the strategy we laid out at Investor Day to drive commercial excellence across the enterprise, refocused sales on key growth vectors and extend and complement our portfolio of solutions with targeted M&A. We committed to doing this while also focusing on continued profitability and increasing total returns to shareholders. While there is still much work to do, the actions we've taken to refocus the company are driving improved financial outcomes and delivering greater value to all of our stakeholders. Our focus on commercial excellence continues to increase the momentum we are seeing in new sales across core banking and our key growth vectors of digital, payments and commercial lending, positioning us for accelerated growth going forward. I want to thank the entire FIS team for their commitment and dedication to moving the company forward through this period of rapid change. Overall, we delivered a solid set of financial results in 2024, leveraging our strong position across the money life cycle. Revenue growth accelerated from 3% to 4% in 2024. And while this was slightly below our expectations due to some onetime items, growth in new sales, including a 10% increase in Amplify cross sales and improved commercial excellence across our client base, leave us confident in further acceleration in 2025. We are pleased with the early returns on our sales transformation, driving new wins and higher margin recurring revenue. For example, we've hired more quota-carrying specialists focused on specific solution sets in key verticals such as payments, digital and treasury and risk. We are confident the specialized sales approach will allow us to better cross-sell solutions into our clients and position us to capitalize on our most attractive and growing markets. This focus on profitable growth and business simplification translated into strong margin expansion of 64 basis points for the year. This exceeded our original outlook of 20 to 40 basis points. We are poised to drive further margin expansion in 2025, in line with our Investor Day targets as we execute on the pillars of our future forward strategy. The strong execution this year resulted in adjusted EPS growth of 18% on a normalized basis, again, exceeding our full year outlook. Lastly, we returned $4.8 billion to shareholders across share repurchases and dividends, including $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter. Looking into 2025, we are well positioned to return $2 billion of capital and deliver double-digit total return to shareholders, including 9% to 11% adjusted EPS growth. Turning to Slide 6 for a discussion on new sales, key client wins and partnerships. I'm pleased to report that we ended the year on a high note with the sales momentum we generated over the first 3 quarters of the year continuing into the fourth quarter. The strong close reaffirms our confidence in accelerating revenue growth over the course of 2025 and will provide a solid foundation for continued growth into 2026. Beginning with money at rest. We had a record year of core wins with success across all of our strategic banking platforms. This included several competitive takeaways with our core platforms resonating across regional, community and de novo banks. I'm excited to announce that Centennial Bank, a growing regional bank with over $20 billion in assets will be moving to our IBS platform. And as part of this strategic migration, they've also selected our B1 Studio digital bank offering, which will be replacing their current provider. We're thrilled to be working with Centennial and look forward to growing alongside them. Our IBS platform was also selected by a leading Midwest based community bank. The bank will be migrating FIS from a competitor's solution that have been servicing the bank for decades. Moving to digital. New sales of digital solutions grew 70% year-over-year in 2024. Demand was primarily driven by cross-sales into FIS' core clients. Additionally, we are seeing early traction bundling our digital solutions with new core wins, reducing complexity and cost for banks. We expect the strong digital sales momentum to continue in 2025, aided by the recent Dragonfly acquisition and specialized sales focus. Moving to money in motion. We signed a number of new wins across domestic and international banks and premier fintech companies. First, I'm pleased to announce that we entered into a strategic partnership with Affirm, enabling our debit processing clients to have access to a firm's market-leading buy now pay later capabilities. BNPL represents one of the fastest-growing markets in the changing payments landscape, with over 86 million Americans having used the service in 2024. Our partnership with Affirm, the first of its kind to bring together debit processing with pay overtime capabilities demonstrates FIS' commitment to innovation and unique positioning to unlock financial technology across the money life cycle. During the quarter, we also expanded our relationship with NatWest, a leading U.K. financial institution. NatWest will utilize several new products across both payments and lending. And we've continued to gain traction beyond financial institutions having signed several new network and processing deals with emerging technology providers. This is a significant opportunity to further diversify our payments business, leveraging our loyalty network and issuing capabilities. Moving to money at work. We had another strong sales quarter with continued demand across trade processing and commercial lending. In the fourth quarter, one of the largest regional banks in the U.S. opted for FIS' transfer agency solution. This is another example of how our cross-sell initiative Amplify is resonating with clients. We also continue to see benefit integrating our strategic acquisitions into our global distribution network. During the quarter, Torstone, a specialized SaaS post-trade platform acquired in early 2024, signed one of the largest deals in its history, leveraging FIS' brand and track record in the market, Torstone was able to sell its back-office services to a leading digital brokerage company. In the fourth quarter, we also signed a number of new engagements with both traditional and alternative lenders and our pipeline of opportunities remains large. Commercial lending remains a key growth vertical for us with double-digit revenue growth in the quarter and strong new sales. FIS' products and solutions were once again recognized by a number of prestigious advisory and expert firms across the industry. Our Horizon banking platform was recognized by Celent winning in the advanced technology category. While IDC recognized FIS as a leader in MarketScape's North American digital core banking platforms, and for its outstanding customer satisfaction and treasury management. Additionally, Gartner placed Horizon in IBS in the Leaders quadrant of their Magic Quadrant for retail core banking systems. And Affirm also recognized MVP in the Visionaries quadrant. We are pleased to see so many of our products and solutions continue to be recognized as leaders in the market, reaffirming the momentum we are seeing in sales activity. I'll conclude on Slide 7 with an overview of how FIS is capitalizing on the unique market of the office of the CFO. Leveraging our reach across the full money life cycle, FIS is uniquely positioned to tap into one of the most attractive opportunities in enterprise software, helping CFOs turn finance from a cost center into a growth center for their business. The role of the CFO across large enterprises is expanding. Finance leaders are being tasked with improving and automating processes while simultaneously lowering costs and navigating complex tax and regulatory environments. To achieve these goals, CFOs are leaning on trusted technology providers like FIS for help. The office of the CFO represents a global market of over $25 billion with double-digit growth and significant runway to further grow our business with enterprise corporate clients. The fragmented competitive landscape in this space works to our advantage. While competitors might be able to offer clients 1 or 2 solutions FIS delivers a comprehensive suite of end-to-end capabilities across money at rest, in motion and at work. This suite includes award-winning solutions across payments, supply chain management, digital enhancements and fraud prevention. And we are further extending our lead with the launch of next-generation solutions, such as Treasury GPT, a new tool launched in partnership with Microsoft. Leveraging AI, corporate treasurers are able to access and synthesize large pools of data, helping them improve their cash management activities. We are also expanding our reach with strategic M&A, including the recent acquisition of U.K. Fintech Demaca, positioning FIS as a leader in supply chain finance capabilities. This mix of organic and inorganic investments reinforces how we are effectively allocating capital across the company to capitalize on growth opportunities. The office of the CFO is just 1 example of an attractive and growing market where FIS' unique set of assets, positions the company to win. I stepped into the CEO role at FIS 2 years ago, a company I am honored and privileged to lead. During this time frame, we initiated one of the largest transformational strategies in the company's history to improve our profitability and financial foundation, enabling us to drive key client outcomes of simplification, innovation and client centricity as well as investor outcomes of enhanced shareholder value. The organic and inorganic investments we are making are delivering tangible results. We have successfully completed 5 acquisitions, driving positive financial returns and extending our solution capabilities in key growth areas such as digital, payments and commercial lending. We established new commercial partnerships with industry leaders like Microsoft, Affirm and Worldpay, among others. These partnerships have enabled us to extend innovative new capabilities to our clients and their customers. We had our strongest year ever in core banking with record new wins, sales momentum across our key growth vectors, including 70% growth in digital sales and continued demand for our commercial lending solutions. Overall, new sales increased a solid 9% in 2024, showing progress in our commercial excellence transformation and providing us with visibility into future growth as signings convert into revenue over the next few quarters. Our solutions have received dozens of new awards and third-party accolades from prestigious organizations, recognizing us as leaders and visionaries. We are on the right path to accelerate growth expand profitability and increase shareholder value. And while progress is in to straight line, and we still have more work to do, I'm extremely pleased with the momentum we have and excited about our prospects going forward. And with that, I'll turn it over to James for a review of our financials. James?
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stephanie, and good morning. As Stephanie mentioned earlier, we made continued progress in 2024, laying a strong foundation to achieve our Investor Day goals. The separation of Worldpay was a landmark event, allowing us to increase our growth investments while returning significant cash to shareholders. Our financial results in 2024 coupled with strong growth in new ACV sales and improved commercial excellence give us great confidence for the year ahead. Turning now to our share quarter results on Slide 10. Adjusted revenue growth was 4% in the quarter. we outperformed again in capital mortgage coming in above the high end of our guide. Banking delivered a strong ACV sales quarter but revenue growth lagged expectations due to some onetime items. While these items pressured our fourth quarter results, overall, they will have a positive impact on our 2025 banking revenue growth with a meaningful acceleration beginning in the second quarter. Our adjusted EBITDA margin came in well ahead of our expectations, expanding more than 100 basis points year-over-year, driven by capital markets and lower corporate costs. Adjusted EPS increased 49% or 9% on a normalized basis, led by strong EBITDA growth of 6%. Total debt was $11.3 billion, with a leverage ratio of 2.65x, better than our stated goal of 2.8x. During the fourth quarter, we returned $1.2 billion of capital to shareholders, including share repurchases of $1 billion. And for the year, we fully delivered on our $4 billion target. Free cash flow was $700 million in the quarter, with a cash conversion rate of 110%. While our cash conversion in the quarter was strong, it did fall short of our expectations due to less favorable working capital performance. This led to a full year cash conversion of 77% and we are taking action to improve our working capital conversion going forward. Turning now to our segment results on Slide 11. Adjusted revenue growth was 4% and with recurring revenue growth at 2%. Banking grew 2% in the quarter, coming in slightly below our outlook; three, unexpected items hit us late in the quarter. And negatively impacted revenue growth by around 2 percentage points. Recurring revenue growth of 1% includes a negative impact of approximately 1% and from a contract recognition adjustment. As a reminder, we are growing over an unusually strong 7% recurring growth in the prior year. Nonrecurring revenue declined 3%, including 2 unexpected items. First, a large license deal pushed out of the full quarter and is now expected to close later in 2025. Secondly, the results include the reversal of a $20 million termination fee related to an announced bank merger, which was subsequently abandoned due to regulatory scrutiny. While the reversal of this termination fee was a sizable headwind in the quarter, the retention of this client will benefit recurring revenue in 2025. Professional services advanced 16% and in line with our prior expectations for acceleration over the second half of 2024. Banking EBITDA margin declined 120 basis points entirely due to unfavorable product mix. Turning now to capital markets, which had another very strong quarter. Adjusted revenue growth came in ahead of expectations at 9%, with strong recurring revenue growth of 7%. Other nonrecurring revenue advanced 16%, fueled by very strong license sales and professional services increased 5%. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 190 basis points reflecting strong growth in high-margin license revenue and favorable operating leverage. Turning now to our full year results on Slide 12. Adjusted revenue and recurring revenue grew 4%. Banking revenue grew 2% with recurring revenue growth of 3% and inclusive of the share quarter headwinds we discussed earlier. Worldpay related revenue was $140 million for the year compared to $31 million in 2023. And this was more than offset by the loss of $150 million of revenue from federally funded pandemic release. On a normalized basis, Banking's underlying growth was above 3% for the year. And the cost savings and operating leverage led to margin expansion of 88 basis points. Our Capital Markets business had a banner year with 7% growth in both adjusted and recurring revenue, margins expanded 73 basis points benefiting from growth in higher-margin license sales, cost savings and continued operating leverage. Turning now to Slide 13 for 2025 outlook. Our outlook is fully aligned with the goals we set at Investor Day. We expect revenue growth to accelerate to 4.6% to 5.2%, in line with our Investor Day commentary of accelerating revenue growth. We expect margin expansion of 40 to 45 basis points consistent with our prior guide of 2025 being at the lower end of the 40 to 60 basis points reach. Adjusted EPS growth is projected at 9% to 11%, within our 2-year target of 9% to 12%. This is a strong EPS performance given the higher 2024 jump-off point. When we provided the guide back in May of last year, 2024 EPS was projected at 10% to 12% growth on a normalized basis. We delivered 18% growth in 2024 and absolute EPS was $0.24 higher than the upper end of our range. Our target leverage is unchanged at 2.8x, and we expect cash conversion to improve from 77% in 2024 to 82% to 85% in 2025. We recently increased our dividend by 11% and we expect to deploy $1 billion of capital toward M&A. Importantly, we are raising our share repurchase goal from around $800 million to $1.2 billion, and this reflects our commitment to return excess cash to shareholders. In summary, our 2025 outlook is fully aligned with the midterm goals we set at Investor Day. Let's turn now to our more detailed projections on Page 14. We are projecting full year revenue of $10.4 billion to $10.5 billion. This includes an expected $50 million currency headwind as well as the wind-down of a nonstrategic business within the Corporate and Other segment. Together, these items will reduce reported revenue by approximately $100 million for the year with no impact on adjusted revenue growth. Full year revenue growth of 4.6% to 5.2% is projected to accelerate over the course of the year. Banking growth is projected at 3.7% to 4.4%, consistent with our midterm targets. And we are expecting another year of strong revenue growth from capital markets with a full year range of 6.5% to 7%. We do, however, anticipate a somewhat slower start to the year with first quarter revenue growth projected at 2.5% to 3.5%. While capital markets will have a strong start to the year with 7% to 8% growth, banking is facing a tough go over of 200 basis points of nonrecurring revenue due to exceptionally high license and termination fees in the first quarter of last year. Excluding this impact, our banking and outlook of 0.5% to 1.5% growth would be closer to 2.5% to 3.5%. Banking growth will accelerate over the course of the year. as we benefit from very strong 2024 recurring ACV sales and the ramp-up of previously signed deals. On our third quarter call, we highlighted some client requested implementation delays. While these contracts are already signed, the requested delays shifted revenue out of both the fourth quarter of 2024, and the first quarter of 2025. And this has shifted over a point of growth from the first quarter into the second quarter. In summary, while the first quarter will be softer than the full year, we expect an immediate pickup in the second quarter. We have good visibility into the drivers, and we are confident our second quarter banking growth will be within the full year outlook range of 3.7% to 4.4%. As I mentioned earlier, we anticipate full year margin expansion of 40 to 45 basis points. Strong execution of our established cost management capabilities and favorable operating leverage will more than offset the roll-off of TSA's cost increases and a less favorable revenue mix. In summary, accelerating revenue growth continued margin expansion and strong management of below-the-line items will drive adjusted EPS growth of 9% to 11%. Let me now walk you through our revenue building blocks on Slide 15. We have clear line of sight into accelerating banking growth over the course of the year. Strong ACV sales, higher retention and deferred implementations will drive 150 basis points of incremental revenue growth. The recent Dragonfly digital acquisition adds an additional 60 basis points of growth. These improved growth trends will be modestly offset by declining nonrecurring revenue. leading to banking adjusted revenue growth of 3.7% to 4.4%. For capital markets, we are projecting consistent high-quality revenue growth of 6.5% to 7%. The growth will be driven by ongoing expansion into faster-growing adjacent verticals with a similar M&A contribution in 2025 as compared to 2024. Let me now cover the below-the-line assumptions on Slide 16. We expect interest expense and tax rate to be in line or better than our Investor Day targets. Interest expense will increase to $120 million to around $370 million, reflecting increased leverage and lower interest income. We will reduce our effective tax rate to 12% to 12.5% from above 15% in 2024. And diluted shares outstanding will decline 5%. Lastly, we anticipate a Worldpay EMI contribution of around $550 million well ahead of our Investor Day outlook and increasing around 7.5% over 2024. Let me now wrap up on Slide 17. In summary, our 2025 financial outlook is fully aligned with the goals we set at our Investor Day last year. Banking revenue growth will accelerate to around 4% with recurring revenue growing at a faster pace. Capital Markets will continue to grow at around 7% and we are targeting margin expansion of 40 to 45 basis points, underpinned by a strong track record on cost management. Lastly, we are targeting $2 billion of capital return in 2025, and we will deliver total returns of 11% to 13%. With that, operator, could you please open the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Will Nance with Goldman Sachs.
William Nance: I wanted to follow up on some of the commentary around the cadence of banking revenue growth. I hear you on some of the moving pieces in the first quarter and some of the deals you referenced last quarter. I was just wondering if you could kind of put a finer report on the expectations for the acceleration in recurring over the course of the quarter -- sorry, over the course of the year? And anything that you will call out in terms of cadence of some of the nonrecurring headwinds throughout the year.
Stephanie Ferris: So thanks, Will, maybe I'll kick off at a high level, and I'll let James add on some of the knits around the numbers. I think in third quarter, you heard us talk about some of our strong new sales wins that we had experienced at the end of '23 and the beginning of '24 moving at client request into second half or Q2 and beyond in 2025. If you'll recall, we talked about that. And so that move, which is about 100 basis points in terms of signed deals where we have clear visibility is going to really start to take hold, they're implementing in the first quarter, and then you'll see the revenue from those in the second quarter. So the move of those contract implementations, which we previewed in the third quarter is impacting our fourth quarter and our first quarter numbers in terms of being a bit lighter than you would expect. So I would say that. And then also in terms of visibility, as we think about the cadence of quarterly growth and James can talk about the nits and nats in terms of Q4 and Q1. We also feel really good about our commercial excellence, both in terms of the sales wins we have in 2024 signed our commercial excellence program, giving us a lot of visibility into client retention, core organic wins, and so as we come into 2025 and those implement again, remember, these are core wins, this is digital, et cetera. Those are longer tails. We see and feel really confident in terms of visibility coming into Q2 and beyond. So with that, maybe I'll give it over to James in terms of talking about quarters and the difference between recurring and nonrecurring.
James Kehoe: Yes. Will, yes, so we did say quite clearly that Q1 will be the low point of the year at 2.5% to 3.5%. And I'll come back to that in a second. And then we were pretty clear that the second quarter will sharply increase to basically in line with the full year growth. And then if you look out to the second half, probably a slight acceleration versus that full year growth number. But I really want to emphasize that we're kind of working our way through this Q1 were actually, if you strip back the pieces is decently positive. So here's one way to think about it. If you take the high end of the guide in Q1 for banking, it's [ 1.5% ]. We did say there were large termination and license headwinds versus prior year, call it, 200 basis points. On top of that, we also said you got 100 basis points that's basically shifting contract closures between Q1 and Q2. So we kind of get to -- and if you take out M&A out of the number and try to get to a clean number on what the core business is doing on a run rate, we got to around 4%. And that's why we're pretty confident that we can ramp up to that kind of full number on a reported basis in the second quarter. We're not -- this is not a second half story at the second quarter. And unfortunately, the first quarter is held back by these contract delays we'll work through those. I think the thing I feel best about here is, it's what Stephanie said in the prepared comments, the ACV sales were up 9% on the year. And as we look into the 2025 year and the new sales we're counting on in the income statement, and a little over 80% of the new sales are already signed. So this gives us decent visibility, particularly on the quarterly cadence.
William Nance: Appreciate that. That's clear. I appreciate the -- some of the math in the first quarter as well. That's a helpful bridge. And then maybe following up a different topic. I wanted to ask about the technology outage in 1Q. Is there any impact from this in the numbers here, either in top line revenue loss or in terms of incremental spending on business continuity. And in practice, just how are you dealing from the fallout of that event?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Thanks, Will. So yes, we did experience a partial system outage temporarily disrupted operations. To be clear, it was not a cyberattack or malicious conduct and no data breaches, et cetera. We did get our clients back up and running really quickly and have been working with them. We don't believe the incident will have a material impact on FIS' results or our operations. So feel fine about the fallout of that in terms of -- we were back online very quickly and don't believe there's any material impact for us. either now or going forward.
Operator: And that will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Just on the ACV question, it was up 9% in '24. Stephanie, what are you thinking for '25? Can you do better than that? Is the composition going to be more larger deals? Or could we see a bigger contribution from shorter projects, that kind of thing.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Great question, Tien-tsin. Of course, it's more than 9%, absolutely. We think we are on a growth trajectory here. And if you remember from Investor Day, we talked about how we were going to focus on sales. So we were getting back to our knitting in terms of core and our base business. We had record core wins in 2024. We're on the same track in 2025. We're really getting our mojo back there, I feel really good about that, both in terms of wins and client excellence. As we think about our 2025 sales consistent with Investor Day, we're focused on digital sales, we're focused on payment sales. We're focused on lending sales, the places where we really plan to accelerate growth because of the size of the TAM, our product set and how much growth is there. really pleased with the digital growth we saw in '24, but lots of runway there. We talked about 10% growth in Amplify. So I still think we're in early innings in terms of our sales growth. And as we said on the call, we have increased the number of sales folks in the field for us. We feel like we've got our mojo back in core, but we are increasing specialty in these high-growth areas, whether it's commercial lending, digital, we see demand. We also see big demand in office of the CFO. So that's where you're seeing us focus significantly this year, and we would expect to see incrementally more growth in sales in terms of 2025.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Yes. So I thought that office of the CFO -- my follow-up as office of CFO news and hearing some of the wins that you've talked about. Is there an impact on -- specifically within banking, is there an impact on EBITDA margin that we can expect for some of the upcoming ACV and deals that are converting because I heard in the fourth quarter that there was unfavorable product mix. So what can we expect there?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, I'll do high level and James can hit me a little bit. I think the margins we're expecting is continued focus on all of our cost programs. I think we've been largely successful there, which is across the entire business. So we expect to see banking margins expand I think the product mix he was referring to was really the reversal of the termination fee. So if you think about that, that comes straight out of revenue and profit is more around what he was talking about with respect to product mix. So I think from a margin standpoint, we're continuing to be focused on very strong cost discipline. As you know, we're battling through the Worldpay dissynergies as they come off and feel really good about where we ended in '24. And we feel like our guide for margins in 2025 is right in line with what we said at Investor Day, which is us significantly focusing on both top line and bottom line.
Operator: And that will come from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: James, maybe just a financial question to start off. Can you just remind us of the moving parts on the free cash conversion side from the trend line of what occurred throughout the last year. I know we talked about some of the vendors. But more importantly, just the conviction in the trend getting going in the right way for the next few quarters and into the end of '25 and where you really look to see that exit rate going forward.
James Kehoe: Yes. Yes. So we come in at [ 77 ], and that was below our target of about [ 85 ]. You'll recall on the last call, we called out a number of unusually aggressive suppliers. And just as you look forward over an 18 to -- 18-month period, that generates about 50 basis points of pressure on capital expenditures, so call it, $50 million a year. So that's the first bit of pressure we had. The second pressure is we've seen probably we haven't been attentive enough on net working capital. We spend an awful lot of time on capital allocation. We spent a lot of time on governance around capital budget, return on investment, return on the acquisitions. We're shifting the guns now to -- we are, frankly, painter suppliers too quickly. Our terms are down in the 40s, and many companies are running at [ 90s ]. And then 2 is, we did over the last 6 months, see some extension on payment terms with customers. We need to get a little more vigilant on that. And to our collection has not been in line with my expectations. So the slippage towards the end of the year is we understand it, and we've set up programs. We're going through contract by contract overdue by overdues. We will be extending payments. And I want to be crystal clear on this. We have clear line of sight to the guide we've given you the [ 82 to 85 ]. The only reason there is a range is just we saw this volatility at the end of the year. I'm trying to target to the higher end of that. I believe in 2016, we're back to business as usual and the 90%-plus we've got a bunch of opportunity here. The CapEx is going to run at 9% in 2025. So as I mean, that's about a percentage point higher than the guide that we would have given 12 months ago. So we said about 8% or below. It's running at this 9%, and that's what's given us the pressure on the 85% versus 90%. So you have our conviction here will be back on 90% in 2026.
Darrin Peller: Okay. Very helpful, James. Stephanie, just a quick one. The -- again, understanding there's been delays, but the specific types of contracts and revenue that you're seeing demand for in the banking side to show the -- on just the timing dynamic, what are you seeing the most excitement for customers right now on the banking side for new business?
Stephanie Ferris: Definitely continue to see a lot of demand around our core. We've made some significant investments. You heard us highlight IBS. Digital, digital, digital, digital, every financial institution is focused on their digital experience, which is why we continue to invest very significantly both organically and then from an acquisition standpoint, so we can serve everybody commercial lending continues to be a very big demand across the board, not just with banks but with private credit. -- and asset managers, et cetera. And then the last one, which is what we highlighted office of the CFO. We think we're uniquely positioned there. We see a huge amount of demand, and we see mainly niche players. And we think bringing together our products and putting them into an office of the CFO solution is we're taking the market by storm there. again, winning a lot of awards in that scenario. We think that's just early days, and that's a place we're really carving out for ourselves. So overall, I would say that's where I see a significant amount of demand. Thanks Darren.
Operator: And that will come from the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho.
Dan Dolev: Great job here on capital markets. hopefully, you guys will get credit for that performance. I do have a question about unpacking 4Q banking growth. So starting at 2%, there's Worldpay. Like can you unpack, James, for us what's the underlying growth, we think for M&A, Worldpay dysynergies and all the factors that you called out like all in? And then I have a quick follow-up.
James Kehoe: Yes. Okay. So hopefully, this won't come across as too complicated. But Worldpay, yes, that contributed in the quarter. That was about $34 million. So call it about 200 basis points. M&A and then dissynergy. We see M&A and dis-synergy as the same bucket. And the net positive impact was 30 basis points. So the result in the fourth quarter had a positive contribution coming from those 2. And you'll recall from the prior calls, the negatives against this pandemic revenue 160 basis points. It almost entirely offsets the contribution in the quarter from Worldpay Commercial Services. And then the final one I would add is the contract recognition items in the quarter pulled down the revenue by above -- because the term fee is a switch between the third quarter and the fourth quarter. So these recognition items pulled down the result by about 180 basis points. So we step back from this and we look at the positives from Worldpay and M&A negatives from pandemic dis-synergy and the contract recognition. And we're getting to a core growth, if you want to call it, like core growth of around 3% in the quarter. So -- and then if you look at the recurring, that was growing slightly ahead of that, probably a little north of 3%.
Dan Dolev: Got it. And maybe Stephanie, a little more strategic question. Like how do you feel about the portfolio today? Obviously, there's been a lot of like cheddar about potential changes in the competitive landscape. So if you think about your 2 businesses, how happy are you with the current portfolio? And what else do you think you could need to boost client overlap cetera?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So I think we're very pleased with how we are executing against what we set out at Investor Days, which is getting back to focusing on our core business wins there. You're seeing that in trading and processing growth as well as core banking growth. Then we are focusing both organically and inorganically in the places we think there's a lot of growth opportunity for us. Digital payments, lending, treasury and risk. And so as we look at those and think about where we can position ourselves uniquely where no one else is, and so we have a bit less competition is really think about commercial lending as a big space, again, like I said, taking advantage of opportunities in private credit, hedge funds, et cetera. and then office of the CFO, where we've pulled together a set of products across banking and capital markets where we think we're uniquely positioned, and you don't see a lot of our competitors. So I think that what you're seeing us do with the company post Investor Day and the separation of Worldpay, while we're still very much going to market in conjunction with Worldpay and the commercial agreements there, and we think that will continue to be strategic for us. You're seeing us really carve out a niche with the assets we have that are really differentiated from everybody else that you would normally compare us to. We're not a payments company that isn't what we're doing. We have large amounts of payments capabilities. We're not in SMB payments. That's not what we do. We're in -- we serve large corporates across the globe, and we serve large financial institutions. And we're looking to take advantage of that scale, global distribution and marquee product set in a different way. And you're going to continue to see us with our M&A strategy, put the assets down that we think can help us grow in those high-growth areas.
Operator: And that will come from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: I just wanted to start on the banking outlook for '25 again. I know we've got the 3.7% to 4.4%. James, can you just put a finer point on the recurring versus the nonrecurring growth rate for '25 and just what the Worldpay revenues and banking look like in '25 versus 2024.
James Kehoe: Yes. So as we said, we're accelerating to 3.7% to 4.4%. It's mostly coming from the 150 basis points of acceleration coming from a strong sales and execution. And I said earlier that about 80% of the new sales is already signed, sealed and delivered. When you think about recurring, we want to avoid start getting into a guide on recurring. Recurring I think, will generally be in line with our prior comments. Now recurring will be slightly ahead all the adjusted. So you can assume as you build out your models, your recurring and banking will be growing slightly ahead of the adjusted and the sum of the professional services and nonrecurring will be growing slower. So not by much. So it will be a percentage point or less. When you get into Worldpay, the growth of the core business ex Worldpay would be faster. So said another way, of the $140 million of Worldpay business this year, some of that was nonrecurring, and I'll get the numbers wrong. We didn't give the split. So I think we're currently projecting the Worldpay next year will be slightly -- will be below the [ $140 million ]. So actually, Worldpay will be a slight headwind in next year as opposed to a tailwind, not by much, not by much, 20, 30 basis points kind of number. So Worldpay is not contributing next year. In fact, it's actually pulling the banking growth rate down slightly.
Stephanie Ferris: I would also add, just to put a finer point on this, because I think there was a lot of hub up about this after the third quarter. The way to think about the Worldpay revenue is, it is a commercial strategic partnership. We talked about it when we were separating the business. We will continue to have a commercial relationship, just like we do with the firm, just like we do with Microsoft, we go to market, it's very important. It has not been a growth driver in 2024 because it's completely offset by the pandemic revenue. And it will not be a growth driver in 2025 because it's -- we're expecting it to be slightly down. So Worldpay revenue, while very important from a market standpoint is not contributing to growth in either 2024 or 2025.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. That's really clear and helpful. And then I just wanted to ask on the capital markets side, nice solid outlook there for 2025, although I do think it's a touch below the Investor Day target. So just Curious if there's any call out there? And if you can just clarify the Idemica acquisition contribution to cap markets this year.
James Kehoe: Yes. I think I'll cover the last piece first. The total contribution of acquisitions in Capital Markets in '24 was about 140 basis points. And we're expecting, including that, Idemica, we're expecting roughly the same number. So call it, [ 140 ] next year. Yes, if you look at the guide, that's slightly below because we were calling out about 150 to 200 bps coming from acquisitions on an ongoing basis. So the plan as currently constructed only has [ 140 ] in there. So that explains some. But also, I would say, at the end of the year, capital markets came in quite a bit stronger than we expected. Like it's not a huge number. About $10 million that was kind of was mostly licenses, very profitable licenses at the last minute. It pulled up the base year, if you like, and we didn't adjust the license target for 2025. because we said, okay, we have a line of sight to a license started for '25. So call it, the base came in higher by 40 bps and a pull down year-on-year growth rate. It could signal a little bit of opportunity there. But we love the capital markets business. It is entirely consistent over a multiyear period. This is a business that is growing 7%. It's starting the year strong. I hope you saw that it's running at 7% to 8%. You could almost put it across the next 3 quarters and it will grow almost the same amount each quarter, very predictable quarter in, quarter around high-quality revenue industry-leading margins. So we're very happy with this. So -- and by the way, just to point out to everybody on the call, we haven't built in any unannounced acquisitions in the guide.
Operator: And that will come from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays.
Ramsey El-Assal: It feels like the 2025 banking guide is pretty contingent on getting that deal backlog implemented on schedule could the timing shift further at this point? I guess, how much visibility and/or confidence do you have that these deals will get turned on now when you expect?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Ramsey, great question. I'll take that. So it's about 100 basis points we're really confident. The only thing that moves is potential acquisitions closing in first quarter versus second quarter as an example of one of them. And then we're already starting to see another one implementing in the back half of first quarter. So we're very, very confident. These aren't signings. These are implementations. And so feel really good about that 100 basis points. Now might an acquisition close in terms of when regulatory approval goes because it's very large, possibly -- but at this point, we're feeling very good. And if it does, it might cross a quarter. But we feel really good about those implementations. Like I said, one of them is already in motion as we speak.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it. Okay. Super helpful. And then a follow-up for me. The 2025 free cash flow conversion guidance definitely higher than '24, a bit below the medium-term guide set out at Analyst Day. What are the levers that you have, James, to basically get that into the longer-term range from where it will sit in 2025, if all goes as planned?
James Kehoe: I think the number one is -- what I said before, capital in 2025 is projected at 9% of revenue and the long-term goal is 8%. So that will drive about $100 million of improvement versus the $85 million range going to $90 million. And then accounts payable, we pay too early. We should be running at 90 days, and we're down at [ 45 ] to [ 50 ] depending on the type of supplier. And then third one is we have some late collections that, in reality, we shouldn't have at all. And this is just -- we have a lot of improvement opportunities in end-to-end process on the collection side. So we see good line of sight and obviously, EBITDA. So the #1 driver of cash flow in any company is the quality of earnings and the quality of EBITDA. And we have good line of sight to the flow of EBITDA over the next 3 years.
Operator: And that will come from the line of Vasu Govil with KBW.
Vasundhara Govil: I guess the first one I had was on the EMI contribution from Worldpay. It's a pretty healthy number despite the outperformance this year. And just wanted to see how you've guided to that for '25 and if there's room for upward bias this year as well or were done with the easy upside at this point? And I know Worldway revenues were also better this quarter. So any color on that would be helpful as well.
James Kehoe: Worldpay had a very good fourth quarter. I believe the revenue was up 7% or something. So the beat we had in the base here versus the last guide we gave was pretty much all coming from EBITDA. So they had a strong finish. As we're giving a 7.5% guide, that's obviously agreed with Worldpay management. I think most of the forecast in the upside and a lot of the upside in the base here was at a strong start in Q1, good finish through the end of the year. They refinanced debt once last year. they have refinanced again this year. That is built into the guide. And just in general, some of the upside last year came from building out -- they didn't build out all the stand-alone structure in line with the original plans, and that's a bit of a headwind in 2025. So we're pretty comfortable with the guide that the business is doing very, very well, and we have good line of sight to it.
Vasundhara Govil: And just a quick one for you, Stephanie. I know bank M&A seems to be picking up and wanted to get your temperature check. On that, I know in the past, you've said it's a net positive for you guys. Just any additional thoughts around that? And if anything related to that is baked into the outlook today?
Stephanie Ferris: No. I would say in terms of outlook, it's -- we have normal M&A contributions. We've baked in what we know. We don't bake in what we don't know. We have an unknown number, of course, but we have a lot of visibility into that at this point. we view M&A like everybody does in terms of being an opportunity. Some go our way, some don't. But generally, we serve larger financial institutions who tend to be consolidated tours. So we feel really good about that.
Operator: We do have time for 1 final question, and that will come from the line of John Davis with Raymond James.
John Davis: Just on the buyback, good to see the $1.2 billion, but I thought it might be a little bit bigger given the lack of M&A last year. So is that more a function of conservatism or there's something bigger in the pipe, is there any comments there?
James Kehoe: So I think when we -- at Investor Day, we said the range will be $800 million to $1.2 billion with 2025 at the -- we basically said it was going to be $800 million -- so we've scaled up by about $400 million, which effectively is pretty close to the underspend in 2024. We anticipate '24, [ $1 billion ]. I think we came in at $550 million. $550 million, $600 million roughly. So we see that we almost gave back all of it.
John Davis: Okay. And then just as a quick follow-up. Obviously, we've talked a lot about the banking guide and the shape of the year. but you do need a further acceleration beyond 2Q in the back half. And Stephanie, is that really just all the new wins you've been talking about implementation? And then is there any risk that those implementations slip similar to what happened in Q4 of '24.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, it's a great question, John. So like I said, I think there were really 3 large implementations that moved 1 related to an M&A, 1 related and then 2 others at client requests. One of those is already starting to implement. The M&A is very close to closing. So we feel good about it. But I'm never going to tell you could it slip again. But again, these are signed deals these -- we are working on the implementations as we speak. So I feel very good about those. We also -- as we come into 2025, feel much stronger about the overall sales. So that's implementations of 100 basis points. I feel really good about that. We have like we said in our prepared remarks of the overall 150, where we've already sold these clients, and we need to implement -- so very -- feeling very good about that, have a high line of visibility there. These are less around being very large. So it's more of a big pipeline of implementation, and we've done a really nice job with that. Again, these are the record core wins we keep talking about. And so our pipeline for implementation is really full in '25 and '26. We have room for more. We'll always take more, but those are longer to implement. So in terms of -- I know the frustration in terms of fourth quarter, first quarter were equally as frustrated but we feel really good about the Q2 and back half acceleration. It's a Q2 story to James' point, and we don't have to do a lot of selling to hit that. We will continue to sell and accelerate a lot but we feel really confident about our line of sight into hitting our numbers in 2025.
Operator: Thank you so much for that. This concludes today's program. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the FIS Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. George Mihalos, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
George Mihalos: Thank you, Shereen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for the FIS third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. This call is being webcasted. Today's news release, corresponding presentation, and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Stephanie Ferris, our CEO and President, and James Kehoe, our CFO. Stephanie will begin the call with a strategic and operational update, followed by James, who will review our financial results. Turning to slide three, today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share, and free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company, but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information is presented in our earnings release. And now, I'll turn the call over to Stephanie.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you, George, and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. FIS delivered another quarter of strong results with broad-based outperformance against our financial targets, sales momentum across the enterprise, and success securing a number of strategic partnerships, strengthening our leading position across the money lifecycle. As our third quarter performance demonstrates, we are executing on our strategy to drive greater shareholder value. Let me share some key financial results and operational highlights with you. Adjusted revenue grew 4% in the third quarter, fueled by a strong acceleration in recurring revenue growth. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 41.3% exceeded our outlook, with both operating segments posting year-over-year margin expansion. We also continue to focus on driving high-quality recurring sales, with cross-sell activity across the enterprise up over 20% year-to-date. Adjusted EPS of $1.40 increased 13% year-over-year on a normalized basis and we returned a total of $700 million of capital to shareholders in the third quarter across both buybacks and dividends. We also recently closed a small acquisition in the digital space, Dragonfly Technologies, as we make progress against our M&A goals. Our strong operational performance and disciplined capital allocation allow us to once again raise our outlook for 2024. Now turning to slide six. The sales momentum we saw over the first-half of the year continued through the third quarter with strong execution across the entire money lifecycle. Within Money at Rest, we continue to see solid demand across core banking and digital solutions. In core banking, we've already signed more core engagements through the first three quarters of 2024 than we did in all of 2023. During the quarter, we signed new deals across all three of our core platforms: IBS, Horizon, and Modern Banking Platform. And our pipeline of core opportunities continues to expand with strength in the community bank space. Our digital business continues to see accelerating sales momentum with new sales nearly doubling year-over-year. We look forward to further capitalizing on this momentum with our recent acquisition of Dragonfly. Dragonfly complements our Digital One portfolio, expanding our digital offerings across large financial institutions, including some of the largest regional banks, for which we already have significant relationships. The company provides banks with a full suite of solutions to meet the needs of large, complex commercial customers, including managing liquidity, combating fraud, and handling payments. Dragonfly also services a number of banks not currently using an FIS core, creating attractive cross-sell opportunities for us. Within Money in Motion, our differentiated payment offerings, particularly our loyalty solutions, had a strong sales quarter as we signed several new marquee partners. We meaningfully expanded our premium payback ecosystem with key new partnerships across a number of sectors including leading technology companies, retailers, and financial institutions. Our ability to partner with these market-leading companies underscores FIS's unique ability to unlock financial technology to the world. We continue to execute across treasury and risk with solid sales and risk management and continued product innovation including soon to launch next generation treasury solutions in partnership with market leading AI companies. Across Money at Work, we recently launched our digital trading storefront and we continue to see very strong double-digit growth in commercial lending. In summary, we're executing strongly across all growth vectors and are seeing continued new sales momentum across the enterprise. Now turning to slide seven. As discussed, we find a number of marquee client wins and secured several high-profile new partnerships during the quarter. Beginning with money at rest, we continue to see traction with banks below $10 billion in assets with a competitive win of a leading mutual bank, South Shore, who will be migrating to our IBS core. Additionally, we signed a license agreement with a leading global commercial bank in the APAC region for modern banking platform. Digital had another strong sales quarter with a number of new engagements. One example is our expanded relationship with EverBank, a growing Southeast-based bank with nationwide deposit and lending capabilities with over $35 billion in assets that opted for our Digital One teller solution. EverBank, as I will discuss shortly, is a leading example of our cross-sell flywheel at work, as the bank is both a banking solutions and capital markets customer, opting for new solutions across both segments this past quarter. Turning to Money in Motion, our premium payback loyalty offering had a standout quarter, as we entered into new engagements with a number of leading companies across a wide spectrum of industries. Commerce Bank, a leading regional bank in the Midwest, has selected FIS to provide it with an end-to-end loyalty management platform, including leveraging our premium payback loyalty offering. We're excited Commerce Bank has selected FIS to help them differentiate their customer value proposition. We're also working with Apple to bring additional payment options to Apple Pay users. In the future, U.S. users checking out with Apple Pay online and in apps on iPhone and iPad will be able to redeem rewards for purchases across eligible participating Apple Pay issuers with FIS. In capital markets, our treasury risk solutions continue to resonate globally. In the quarter, we renewed and expanded our relationship with one of South Africa's largest financial services provider that relies on FIS's Enterprise Risk Suite to manage the risk exposure. Within Money at Work, we continued to see strong demand for our commercial lending solutions. As I mentioned earlier, EverBank, a banking solutions client, selected FIS for their commercial loan origination needs, expanding our relationship across the bank. And similarly, Beal Bank, a large U.S.-based financial institution and banking solutions client, opted for capital market's commercial loan servicing and compliance solutions. This demonstrates the unique value proposition of one FIS, servicing the most complex clients across both our banking and capital market segments. I'm also pleased to report that FIS has once again recognized as one of the world's best companies by Time Magazine. Also, a number of our solutions received accolades from leading expert advisory firms and prestigious industry journals, including IDC, naming Modern Banking Platform, as a leader in its recent North American digital core banking platforms report. In Chartis Research, a leading risk technology research firm, recognizing FIS in its inaugural AI 50 report, highlighting AI adoption in the financial industry. These awards reaffirm our leadership position across the money life cycle. And before I turn it over to James, I want to thank all of our colleagues here at FIS for all of their hard work and welcome our new Dragonfly colleagues to the team. I also want to welcome our two newest board members, Nicole Anasenes and Courtney Gibson to the board. And with that, James?
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stephanie, and good morning. We are very pleased with our performance in the third quarter, as we once again exceeded our financial outlook and raised our full-year 2024 projection. Adjusted revenue growth was steady at 4% in the quarter, driven by an acceleration in recurring revenue growth. Adjusted EBITDA margin exceeded our expectations at 41.3%, with margin expansion across both operating segments, offset by a tough year-over-year comparison in corporate expenses. Adjusted EPS was $1.40 in the quarter, up 49% compared to the prior year, and increasing 13% on a normalized basis. As described in our earnings release, we made some non-cash adjustments to our previously reported financial statements, primarily reflecting an increase in the cost of revenue in the output solutions business within our banking segment. These revisions had an immaterial net impact, reducing 2022 adjusted EPS by $0.06 and 2023 adjusted EPS by $0.03. For 2024, our adjusted EPS decreased by $0.01 in each of the first two quarters. Free cash flow was not impacted by these revisions. We have provided a full set of revised financial statements in our earnings materials and we are confident that the issue has been resolved and there is no impact on the business going forward. In fact, we are raising our full-year outlook. Moving now to our balance sheet and cash flow metrics. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $10.9 billion, with a leverage ratio of 2.6 times. We returned $700 million of capital to shareholders, including share repurchases of $500 million. Year-to-date, we have repurchased $3 billion of shares and are well on track to deliver our $4 billion full-year target. Free cash flow was $530 million with a cash conversion rate of 85%. Cash conversion was impacted by an increase in capital expenditures to 9% in the quarter. We have increased our growth investments and now expect CapEx to be closer to 9% of revenue for the full-year. Given the higher growth investments, we now expect free cash flow conversion of approximately 85% for the year. We remain confident on meeting all of our capital return commitments for 2024 and over the medium term. Turning now to our segment results on slide 10. Adjusted revenue growth was 4% with recurring revenue accelerating to 6%. Banking revenue growth of 3% came in at the higher end of our outlook. Recurring revenue accelerated to 6% in line with our expectations. Other non-recurring revenue declined 24%, reflecting a tough comparison related to pandemic relief revenue in the prior year. Lastly, professional services revenue increased 10% year-over-year, in line with our prior commentary around stabilization and second half acceleration. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 10 basis points reflecting cost saving initiatives and operating leverage. Turning now to capital markets, adjusted revenue growth was 7%, led by recurring revenue growth of 6%. Excluding acquisitions, adjusted revenue grew 6%, consistent with the second quarter. Other non-recurring revenue increased 20%, with strength in license sales, and professional services increased 4%. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 90 basis points, reflecting operating leverage and favorable revenue mix. Consistent with prior messaging, we continue to expect full-year margin expansion across both segments. Turning now to our full-year outlook on slide 11. We are increasing the low-end of our revenue range by $20 million and the low-end of our EBITDA range by $10 million to reflect our year-to-date performance and confidence in the fourth quarter outlook. This leads to an EBITDA margin of approximately 40.7%, reflecting year-over-year margin expansion of 50 basis points. We are raising our full-year EPS outlook by $0.09 to $0.12 to $5.15 to $5.20, reflecting normalized growth of 16% to 17%. This increase is driven by operational outperformance and continued favorability in below the line items. Turning now to slide 12. Our $20 million increase to the low-end of the revenue range reflects confidence in our capital markets achieving the high-end of a 6.5% to 7% revenue growth target. For banking, we anticipate coming in closer to the lower to midpoint of the range after adjusting for the higher revenue base in 2023. We are raising the low-end of our adjusted EBITDA range, reflecting our outperformance in the third quarter, and we remain confident in achieving our increased full-year EBITDA range. We are meaningfully increasing our EPS outlook, driven by our operational outperformance and improvements across interest expense and Worldpay EMI. The interest expense favorability primarily reflects lower levels of debts outstanding given a slower-than-anticipated level of M&A activity. With that said, our acquisition pipeline remains robust and we expect to close additional deals in the near future. We are once again increasing our EMI outlook by $35 million to $480 to $495 million, primarily reflecting a delay in planned operating expense increases. In summary, we are raising our full-year adjusted EPS to $5.15 to $5.20, a 10% increase from the outlook we provided at the beginning of the year. Let's now wrap up on slide 13. We have delivered another strong quarter, accelerating our recurring revenue growth and projecting 50 basis points of margin expansion for the year. We are once again raising our 2024 EPS outlook and we returned $700 million to shareholders and are on track to meet our $4 billion of share repurchase commitment for the year. Lastly, we are confident in delivering strong returns to our shareholders over the foreseeable future. With that, operator, could you please open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, thank you very much for taking my question this morning. Can you help us think through the puts and takes for capital markets growth in Q4? The implied expectations in Q4, the year-over-year comparison gets easier. I'm just trying to back into how we get to your applied guide? Thank you.
James Kehoe: Yes. As we said on the prepared remarks, as we took a look at the business more recently, it had a strong Q3. And then looking out, we recognized that our 6.5% to 7% full-year guide was, call it, a little on the conservative side. So that's why in the verbal commentary I said we expect to be basically on the high-end of the 6.5% to 7%. And that will result in a pretty strong, if you do the implied growth rate, that will result in a strong both recurring and total adjusted revenue growth in the quarter. And you know, as a reminder, it's kind of in the bag, because you recall in both businesses we had a relatively weak adjusted revenue in the prior year quarter. You know, the total company was close to zero and I think capital markets was up 1%. So we're very, very confident on this capital markets number touching 7% on the full-year.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it. Okay. And one more for me. On the Dragonfly acquisition, can you comment on the contribution you're expecting as we close out the year here in the fourth quarter from that deal?
James Kehoe: Yes, it's really pretty small because the deal is basically closing as we speak. I think that number is less than $10 million of revenue in the quarter. The acquisition just in general, at least in the initial 12 months, is probably dilutive to company margins, but we see strong synergy opportunity both revenue and on the cost side, but principally on revenue. This is a great acquisition and highly strategic.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, thank you. Good morning. Happy Monday. I just want to ask on visibility going into the fourth quarter in general, any changes across recurring, non-recurring in both the segments? And it looks like just higher CapEx investments is really the only change, and any other color on that specifically? Thanks.
Stephanie Ferris: Tien-Tsin, maybe I'll start in terms of trends. I mean, we continue to see very stable economic trends across banking and capital markets, as James talked about our confidence in the fourth quarter guide, but generally, you know, see very consistent trend. Banks continue to spend. Technology continues to be one of their largest spend areas. We're not overly exposed to consumer spend. That continues to be stable. So nothing causing us concern as we think about the fourth quarter. And then maybe I'll turn it over to James for the second-half of your question.
James Kehoe: Yes, no, there's -- we don't see any particular concern. I'll just add on to that on margins as well. We see a strong outlook for margins in the fourth quarter. And as you saw from our prepared remarks, you know, the total year margin expansion is now 50 basis points. So we're seeing strong benefits from our cost programs and operating leverage. On capital, yes, we, -- two big drivers here as we were working through it over the last couple of months. One is we took select decisions to invest in the business to stimulate and continue to drive revenue growth. But then there's another factor that we have some technology suppliers, who have been dramatically ramping up their priceless. These are pretty exorbitant increases, 50%, 60%, 70%. And essentially these companies are owned by private equity and they're placing us in a position where we're facing high levels of inflation across some of our capital programs. We're working through this and you can be sure we will take action against it. But it's put some pressure on our capital spend over the finish of the year. But I do want to emphasize this is all incredibly manageable within the free cash flow conversion. You know as we look forward into next year, we're fairly comfortable on cash conversion. Capital will probably remain at current levels, but we're very, very confident on any guide we gave in the past concerning return of capital to shareholders. I just want to emphasize that. So think of this as temporary. Some suppliers have ratcheted up prices higher than we would think are acceptable. And we just got to manage through this over the coming months.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay, no, very clear. Thank you both for that. Just quickly, what's driving the prior period accounting revision again and given the new baseline, should we consider any adjustments to the longer term outlook as well? Thank you.
James Kehoe: Yes, good question. You know, this was -- first of all, I would say it's relatively immaterial. And I gave you some of the numbers on the call. If you think about it, it was $0.01 penny in each of the first two quarters of this year, that's the first thing, it was pretty immaterial to EPS. Two, is it didn't have an impact on cash. So it was basically a non-cash adjustment. And we've completely worked through this. We've resolved the issue, which was about a small -- it was around a small output solutions business, which essentially is card production and print and mail. So a very, very small business. And then final comment is it has no impact on future operations. And you've seen from the quarter we had a solid beat in EBITDA and we're calling up the full-year on EPS, and we have good confidence in the future as well. So this is very much behind us, and we're very encouraged by current business results.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Dan Dolev: Hey, guys. Great results again. Quick question on banking, looks like growth is expected to accelerate organically in the fourth quarter. Can you maybe give us some color on how you're tracking versus different customer types? And we're hearing some chatter that you're doing really well in the down market versus the incumbent. So maybe, Stephanie, if you can elaborate on that, that would be great? Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, thanks Dan. Appreciate your comments. So as James mentioned, we feel confident on banking. As you know, we're coming off a fairly easy comp from last year, we're driving some higher growth. We are pleased with the progress we're making in terms of competitively around core and digital in particular. As you know, we span the large FI market and then the community bank. We don't really go below the $2 billion mark. So we're focusing where we think our sweet spot is. We were pleased with selling cores in all three of our strategic cores Modern banking platform, IBS, and Horizon. We've obviously made a big push as I've come into the chair to ensure that we fortify our existing customer base and then go after the banks that we think we can win and we've been really successful with that. So continuing to keep our heads down and be very competitive there. As you know, we think we have the best-in-class product suite across the board. And so we leveraged that as well as the scale of the distribution channel and are feeling really good about where we're going. Still have work to do and will continue to focus, but feel good about the progress we've made thus far.
Dan Dolev: Appreciate it. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. Thanks, I wanted to start on the banking segment. I think you said you expect to be in the lower to middle part of the full-year guidance range. So I know last quarter you had talked about doing at least 5% growth in the fourth quarter for banking. So see maybe if you can clarify if you're down ticking a little bit there and just put a finer point on what you do now expect for Q4 in banking and maybe what changed around the margin in the last three months? Thanks.
James Kehoe: And then maybe I'll ask Stephanie to weigh in first. You know, as we looked at the banking guide, just to be clear, we're confirming the total company guide and we're very comfortable with that. We called up capital markets. We were doing some cleanup of the forecast because capital markets was overly conservative for fourth quarter. And looking into banking, we had two things and this is kind of unusual, hard to explain. When we did the accounting revision, it increased the revenue last year. There was a slight revenue impact. So the fourth quarter has an impact, call it you're lapping a higher number. And this pulled down our overall growth expectation by 15 basis points, 15 basis points to 20 basis points. So as we looked at the full-year guide, we said just to be conservative, let's pull that back, because it actually changed the base on us. So that's called it a non-comparability adjustment of 15 to 20 bps. The other piece was we've signed a bunch of you know you've seen we're getting a lot of traction on new signings. We signed a lot of activity recently. We've just seen a couple of conversions, just the physical conversion, not the contract. The physical conversion has slipped into the first-half of next year. So this is purely a shift and it's no impact on business as usual. The contracts are actually signed, they're in the bank. It's getting the work programmed out there. So I would think of this adjustment to banking, the guide as housekeeping. One is correcting this accounting revision and the other one is just some housekeeping around timing of executions.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, the only thing I would add is on the timing, it's client requested. So we have the resources available and are ready to go. It's more being client requested and when they're ready to go. And as we get closer to the end of the year, as you know, people do freezes and so they weren't quite ready, so pushing into the first-half of next year.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, it's actually a good segue to my second question. I know at the investor day earlier this year, you talked about banking growing 3.5% to 4.5% next year, and in 2026, and then 7.5% to 8.5% on cap markets. So just as we start to tune the models for 2025, what should we be considering in terms of factors that maybe land you more at the lower end versus the higher end. I mean, both imply that there will be a little bit of acceleration versus 2024? Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, so Jason, I think what we would say is we haven't changed anything with respect to the commitments we made at Investor Day, but we're not quite ready to give a guide in 2025. But you can see that Banking Solutions is accelerating, Capital Markets is accelerating in the second-half. So those are good data points, but not yet ready to call 2025. We'll be back to you in early first quarter.
James Kehoe: Yes, Jason, the only thing I would add is, you know, after the call, maybe take a look at first-half versus second-half on banking, and there's quite an acceleration both in recurring and in the adjusted revenue. And I think we would feel very comfortable with the second-half growth. And then, you know, we'll get back to you guys early February with the full-year guide. But we're very comfortable as we look out in the growth drivers on the banking business.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Hey, thanks guys, Nice job. Just to quickly touch on M&A for a minute, I think you had talked about doing about a $1 billion for the year, and if you didn't get stuff done, you would be focused on returning capital to shareholders? And so, you know, with having done a relatively small amount so far, maybe just give us a quick update on thoughts around what you foresee doing, maybe even the next couple of quarters that you'd save capital for versus buybacks, or if it can be expected to be share repurchase? And then really just remind us the strategy of what you're looking for to add on to the business?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, thanks, Darrin. So maybe I'll start with the strategy. I think the strategy is consistent. We're looking at small tuck-in acquisitions that can advance our growth verticals, so digital payments, commercial lending, treasury, et cetera, risk. So the areas that have higher growth, higher margin for us, so looking at tuck-in activities across that universe. The universe continues to be fairly robust and we think valuations are fair. We're really focused as we look at those in terms of returns and return on invested capital. You're right, we've been fairly light as we've been looking. I'm very excited about the Dragonfly acquisition, that's about $300 million we'll spend this year and excited about that in the digital space right in line with being a creative to revenue. As James mentioned, I do think these will be margin dilutive in the first year or two as we put the synergies into them, but we'll be back to you more on that. Obviously, if we do not spend through the end of this year the $1 billion, we would look to return it to you in 2025 in the form of share repurchase. And we'll be happy to talk more about that as we come out in 2025. But we wouldn't be looking to keep the cash on our balance sheet if we can't successfully find the M&A transaction that we like.
Darrin Peller: All right. That's really awful, Stephanie. Thanks. Guys, just to reiterate again, the acceleration and the recurring banking growth, I know comps were easy, but the trends do sound like there's some strength being seen on the core side. So can you just remind us sort of rank order, the top three drivers that are really giving you confidence in the recurring revenue on the banking side, having accelerated in the second-half and probably into the first-half a little bit?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, in recurring, I think as you think about it, as we've talked about, generally organic growth in banking is driven by transactions across debit and all of our issuer capabilities as well as accounts. And we've talked to you about in investor day in terms of thinking about that in a 3% range. And then as we look to add new cores and add new sales, net new sales, you would expect that to go up. So you can see us having a better second-half than first-half as that equation starts to work out for us and as we put on a bit of more new sales than we had historically and we grow over some of the non-recurring I know you asked about recurring but we go over some of the non-recurring headwind trends.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of John Davis with Raymond James. Your line is open.
John Davis: Hey, good morning, guys. Just want to circle back to CapEx I think you said 9% this year the medium term guide is 7% to 8% so that more near-term or how should we think about CapEx on the next couple of years?
James Kehoe: Yes, I think our -- if you think about it longer term, we're still pretty confident that the run rate of the business is 7%, 8%, probably closer to 8%, which is pretty much where the competitive set is sitting. There might be, as I said, this temporary, we're getting a lot of pressure just driven by some aggressive positions by technology providers, plus some scale up in investments. And you know, our investments in general are very consistent with the strategy. It is we're spending, probably entering the year, we're spending more on the digital business. Most of it was in the plan, we're continued to spend there. And that's probably one of our most strategic category. And then after that, you got cards and money management. Again, that's like, it's a significant increase versus the budget it's spent as we drive the growth factors more aggressively. So it is -- we're spending it in the right places. That being said, we don't want to get into giving guidance now, but we expect that this 9% pressure is like a 12-month kind of thing as we work through it, 12 to 18 months. If you look out longer, there's no reason why we should be trending higher than an 8%, no reason. So we'll have to work through this. As I said, some of this came in the last six to eight weeks with the supplier pressure. And we just, for an abundance of caution, called up the short-term CapEx outlook. But we give you longer guidance. The one thing I'm more comfortable on, we have a lot of levers on cash conversion that traditionally we haven't pulled, and that's one piece. I want to reaffirm what we were saying previously that we have good line of sight to return a capital to shareholders, either through dividends or through share repurchase. And we have ample capacity on the balance sheet. You know, I'm sure you saw we're at 2.6 times, that's because we're not doing acquisitions and our stated leverage target is 2.8 times. So we have large degrees of comfort here. So I hope that helps.
John Davis: Yes, that’s helpful, thanks James. And then just, there's been a lot to chatter recently on international tax changes with Pillar 2. You guys are obviously guiding to tax rate to step down next year? Any impact for you guys, anything to call out with the tax changes?
James Kehoe: No, based on current legislation, we see absolutely no risk to the 12 to 13 guide that we gave for the next couple of years. We have all the elements in place or are actively working on them. So the only potential risk we see on our horizon is something that would impact the entire, all industries in the U.S., but our specific circumstances are well under control and strong visibility.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Vasu Govil with KBW. Your line is open.
Vasu Govil: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Maybe first one for Stephanie. Core signing seems to be picking up with banks below $10 billion, and that's really great to, see? I was just curious what your discussions are looking like with larger banks, and if there's a pipeline there, and if there's any catalyst on the horizon you think that could drive more momentum with larger banks?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, thanks, Vasu. So I think there's two different things: one, is we've been having a lot of success with our IBS core, which is really focused on banks, you know, $20 billion in assets above. It's a marquee core, and it's a winning core. We talked about it with respect to a couple of wins today, because it has specialization for commercial customers. So if you, you know, as you become bigger you obviously have more than just a retail bank, you have a commercial bank and it has those commercial banking capabilities that's needed. So that continues to be a very strategic core for us that we win with. I think as you get above that and you get into the regional, super-regional and above, we have our modern banking platform that continues to be you know a very large operating platform. I'm pretty sure it has the largest amount of bank account transactions going across it. We are very focused in various stages of implementation with several large super-regionals. They're all in market with different parts of the offering. And then as you heard us, we signed a pretty large modern banking platform with customer in the Asia Pac region. We're seeing a lot of demand for MBP outside the U.S. And so we will continue to focus there and drive growth there. So feeling good about where we are with core. Again, a lot of work to do in these core conversions tend to take a bit of time in terms of getting them up and running, but feel really good about our strategic cores and the pillars there. And as you know, once you get the core, you get all the surrounds. So feeling good about the progress we're making.
Vasu Govil: Thank you for the color there. And just a quick follow-up on the Worldpay, the equity income there continues to outperform just any color on what's driving that outperformance. And then as we look at the base is much higher for 2024, but it's the 7.5% to 9.5% growth outlook in out of year is still the right algorithm for us to think about?
Stephanie Ferris: The first one and then I'll let James talk about the out. So I think that you know Worldpay you can see from our results is performing better under the direction of Charles Drucker and the GTCR team in terms of revenue growth, being stronger than we had it, you know, kind of underpinning the thesis as far as separating it. We continue to see positive outperformance of their forecast, quite frankly, as they have better revenue growth, but also as they're looking to stand up their operations going a bit slower than they expected, not because there's any problems, but there's just realistic and realities to how many people you can hire in any particular point in time. So a lot of the benefits we've seen throughout the year around that, as well as they successfully refinance their debt, which is also delivering some nice EMI savings for them. So it's been a what I would say some of the benefit or a large portion of the benefit is just them not necessarily hiring and standing up everything they need to stand up. As far as coming into next year and thinking about the growth rate, I'll turn it over to James.
James Kehoe: Okay. No, I think it's far too early to start developing a hypothesis on this. As Stephanie said, if you look back to the beginning of the year, they had large beats across EBITDA, some of it from revenue, some of it from OpEx. Some of this OpEx was coming off, it was setting up a standalone structure. They had benefits across, large benefits across interest expense. So to me, a bunch of this will carry forward into the future. There might be some timing differences on OpEx. So we see no reason to be massively concerned about the 7.5% to 9.5%. But, you know, we got to work through this with our Worldpay compatriots and, you know, as you know, we have to agree the long-term forecast with them. So they basically committed to these 7.5%, 9.5% targets.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Will Nance with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Will Nance: Hey, thanks for taking the question this morning. Nice job today. Maybe just dovetailing off that last question a little bit. I was wondering if you had any thoughts on just margin cadence next year and particularly as it relates to the TSA with Worldpay, just how are you thinking about kind of the cadence of that rolling off, as well as any associated kind of cost efficiency actions that you might take to offset that? I know you've kind of spoken about, you know, feeling good about finding the offsets to that, but is there anything we should be considering from a cadence perspective next year?
James Kehoe: No, I think we're pretty much, you know, in the direction of travel of the margin guide we gave for the medium term, that was 40 bps to 60 bps. And I think at the time we said that we would be at the lower end because of TSA roll-offs. So we're not seeing anything that places this at any risk. And as you've seen from our full-year guide for this year, we're delivering 50 bps. So yes, we got to work through a headwind, which is they call it the TSA dis-synergy. And remember in investor day, we said that was 95 bps a year. But conversely, we also said that savings are 165 bps to 175 bps, so a large number. The good news on that is we have a lot of activity ongoing. We're probably well within, well I would say ahead to, well on track on the cost programs so we have no, we have good, very good visibility on the cost programs. You know the TSAs are not within our control. It is Worldpay that ultimately needs to take the decision. There's a strong working relationship between the two parties. You know, the good news is here, we won't get surprised by anything, because we talk regularly and everybody is aligned. So this will be a manageable and orderly transition with no surprises for the market on the overhead [delay] (ph).
Will Nance: Got it, that's super helpful. And just maybe a little bit more strategically you know, you had the MBP win in APAC and also the South African sale that you mentioned on the prepared remarks. We've heard some chatter that you guys have just been very active recently in international, so we'd love to hear about kind of what you're most excited about and where you're seeing the most momentum across the business in international markets? Thanks.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, so from an international standpoint, you're right. We're seeing a lot of success across the capital markets, business and banking. In terms of capital markets, seeing a lot of our products resonate across Europe and Asia Pac with respect to the treasury risk, security, even the training and processing. So really, really strong demand outside the U.S. for those products. And then with respect to banking, we did announce the MBP win. We also see strong demand from international payments. So continue to see that as a very healthy growth area for us outside the U.S. and you'll see us continue to push there, especially as we look at, again, M&A whereby we can look at verticals possibly better outside the U.S. that we could bring inside the U.S. or vice versa. So feel very positive about the momentum we're seeing there and the capital markets team leading the way for us.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Timothy Chiodo with UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Chiodo: Great, thank you. I want to talk a little bit about bank M&A, both recent, what you've been seeing and also expectations ahead, really in highlighting that mean benefit that you get around the basically the acquisition of more accounts on file, more transactions, support your growth with the larger bank customers that you serve? And then it's a minor benefit, literally maybe less impactful to you guys, but the term fees that you receive when some of your smaller customers are also acquired? So, I was hoping you could touch around bank M&A in general and the impact to your, you know.
Stephanie Ferris: Happy to. So I think that the bank M&A market, I would say, is still fairly suppressed. It's been more active in the smaller environment. I think from a regulatory standpoint, it's still a challenge in the larger space. I mean, other than, you know, some of the activity we saw last year with respect to some of the large banks getting put together with other banks. So we're not seeing a ton in the larger space, to be honest. We continue to see activity in the smaller space. We win there and lose there. We're very focused in terms of where we win is around when, again, it's a bank that has a commercial set of customers that's combining with a smaller bank. That's where we have just a much better value prop in terms of being able to serve both the commercial bank and the retail bank. But generally seeing a lot of the M&A activity being much further down market than up market.
James Kehoe: Yes. We welcome and we are a net beneficiary, because of our market position, market share in larger sized banks, we tend to be the acquirer. We get more of the consolidation benefit over time and that's generally a positive. So we welcome it.
Timothy Chiodo: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of David Koning with Baird. Your line is open.
David Koning: Yes. Hey, guys. Nice job. And maybe first of all, I know you answered a lot of questions about banking recurring revenue, but one other way to look at it, sequentially it was up $50 million this Q3. The last couple years was pretty flat sequentially. Was that -- was there macro or pricing or maybe just new revenues coming out from new signings? Like what was so different this year and then into Q4? Will Q4 be different? Was there anything in Q3 that was a little elevated, because of this that comes out in Q4? Maybe you can just go through the sequentials?
Stephanie Ferris: I think, I'll take the broad-based and then see if James feels like he needs to add on. I think, Dave, if you look across the years, we have a transaction processing business that has some seasonality to it. If you look last year, recurring revenue was high in the fourth quarter. That's when a lot of that transaction processing went through. This year it's higher in the third quarter. Again, that's where that transaction processing is going through. So, it's more a notion of when that transaction processing is having its big push. It generally is pretty consistent in a full-year basis, but it does have seasonality driven by the end client in terms of when they're going to put out the cards and the transaction processing. So I think it's just, it's more of a seasonality thing. Last year it was in the fourth quarter, this year it's in the third quarter, but overall it really normalizes itself out.
James Kehoe: Yes, we did guide to this when on previous calls, we did say we would expect a strong recurring in the third quarter, and then we pointed out to the fact that Q4 of last year was up I think 7% in banking. So it will be lower this year, year-on-year, because you're lapping a strong number. But we will have much stronger non-recurring and professional services this year, because you're lapping a weak number. I know I'm confusing you probably, but it's all literally shifts between the two quarters in terms of seasonality. The one thing I would point out though if you take first-half versus second-half there's a strong you know roughly a 100 basis point deceleration between first-half recurring growth and second-half recurring growth and similarly on total adjusted in banking first-half is about a 100 bps lower than the second, so this is you know essentially the commitment we took entering the year that we would see accelerating growth as we went through the year. And next year, that's the job at hand. We need to accelerate off the 2024 guide.
David Koning: Got it, yes, no, thanks for that. And just quick follow-up on interest expense. I think that interest expense Q4 implied is about $100 million. Is that about how to think about the quarters of 2025 as well, just about a quarter?
James Kehoe: I'm not sure, we'll have to wait till the guide on this. It's starting to normalize in the fourth quarter because, you know, we are making some assumption on M&A. So this is a little bit tricky, because most of the beats that came out of interest expense over the first nine months was, we planned conservatively that we would buy acquisitions every quarter and probably too conservative. So it's not that, so it's essentially every saving year today that's just coming from the fact we didn't do an acquisition. Fourth quarter we are assuming a step up in acquisitions, but we're already in the fourth quarter, right? So I don't think it's a true run rate, so it would be, I would mislead you if I told you to use it as a run rate. We'll give a guide for this and -- when we get into February of next year.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have time for one final question and that will come from the line of Andrew Schmidt with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andrew Schmidt: Hey Stephanie, hey James. Thanks for taking my questions. Let me go back to just the core banking pipeline. Could you just talk about the implementation pipeline for next year? It sounds like that's, you know, a better tailwind than we've seen the prior years? And then on the sales pipeline separately, could you talk about, and you mentioned expansion of pipeline, what you're seeing there? Whether that supports a higher bookings number for 2025? Thanks so much.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. I think we are filling up our core banking pipeline. That's our goal. Can't really comment yet in terms of how that all lays out in ‘25 and ‘26. As you might expect, the core banking conversions, we tend to take time on those, and we don't typically do those in a fourth quarter, first quarter big window, because we were all frozen for that period of time. So as you think about this set of core banking wins, I would expect for them to come online primarily in the back half of next year in 2025, but those are all in the process of being populated now. In terms of the sales pipeline, continue to feel very good there. In particularly, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks around our loyalty, our premium payback product, our digital products that continue to take, there's a lot of demand for in the marketplace. And then, you know, in addition to that, our core. So seeing those pipelines fill up, we obviously are very focused on those high growth verticals in the payments digital on the capital market side in treasury and risk and commercial lending. So get very excited when we see those sales pipelines fill up. They have differing close rates and differing implementation cycles. So we'll be back to you more in terms of as we think about laying those in as 2025, but feel very good about where the pipeline is.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's program. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Fidelity National Information Services Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. George Mihalos, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
George Mihalos: Thank you, Shereen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for the FIS second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. This call is being webcasted. Today's news release, corresponding presentation, and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. Joining me on the call this morning are Stephanie Ferris, our CEO and President, and James Kehoe, our CFO. Stephanie will begin the call with a strategic and operational update, followed by James, who will review our financial results. Turning to slide three, today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share, and free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company, but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information is presented in our earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to Stephanie.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you, George, and good morning, everyone. Over the past 18 months, we have moved with a high sense of urgency to reposition the company on a sustainable path for growth and to unlock greater value for all of our stakeholders. We've taken bold actions to refocus the business and improve client centricity, to simplify our business and strengthen our financial position. In May, we hosted an investor day, the company's first in six years, where we set out to reintroduce investors to the new FIS, laying out our corporate vision to capitalize on our privileged position, powering the global economy by moving money seamlessly across the entire money lifecycle and the strength and durability of our business model across all economic cycles. As our second quarter results demonstrate, we are executing across the growth vectors we laid out at Investor Day to deliver accelerating profitable revenue growth and sustainable double digit total returns for shareholders. Within money at rest, we are seeing strong demand for our core and digital offerings. In core banking we are currently on track for a record year of new core signings driven by competitive takeaways and greater traction in the community banking market. In fact, for the first half of 2024, we've signed almost as many cores as we did in all of 2023. Within our digital business, we saw new sales growth of over 30% in the first half of 2024, highlighting the success of our cross sell into existing core customers and displacing competitors. Within money in motion our differentiated loyalty solutions and payments offerings continue to resonate in the market and we signed several new marquee partners in the quarter. We're also winning in the fast-growing treasury and risk market with further penetration in growth verticals such as insurance. Across money at work, we are leaning into our global distribution to win new business and seeing strong double-digit growth in our commercial lending business where we continue to see a long growth trajectory. So, in summary, we're executing strongly across all growth vectors and are seeing strong momentum across the business. I am pleased to report we delivered our sixth straight quarter of outperformance as we continue to execute against our strategy. Revenue growth in the quarter was 4% with acceleration across both banking and Capital Markets. We exceeded our profitability targets with company margins expanding by 110 basis points, driving normalized adjusted EPS growth of over 30%, well ahead of our outlook. Our strong first half performance is allowing us to once again raise our financial outlook for the year. Now, let me share with you some strategic highlights from the quarter. I am thrilled with the strong new sales momentum we're driving, including our cross-sell initiatives across the enterprise and the benefits we're seeing from our commercial relationships with Worldpay. Over the first half of 2024, cross sell activity across the enterprise grew an impressive 15%, as our sales transformation efforts continue to take hold. We're accelerating our go to market strategy with key partnerships and innovative new product rollouts. We recently teamed up with Curinos, a global data intelligence company, to provide FIS core banking clients with access to Curinos’ proprietary data and analytics. Helping them optimize their deposit gathering strategies and improve profitability. We also announced a partnership with Lendio, a leading small business financial solutions technology platform to streamline SMB loan processing for financial institutions. Also, within Capital Markets we launched our climate Risk Financial modeler, a best-in-class SaaS based solution, designed to help corporations, insurance companies and financial institutions assess and quantify climate risk across their portfolios. These are just a handful of examples of the ongoing product innovation across the company. We continue to return capital to shareholders and are well on track to deliver on our $4 billion of share repurchases commitment for the year. Additionally, our board recently approved a new share repurchase authorization of $3 billion. Across the money life cycle, we secured a number of high-profile new client wins. Beginning with money at rest, we sell strong demand for our core banking platforms with several competitive takeaways, including Third Coast -- Third Coast Bancshares, a leading Texas based community bank. Also within money at rest, Digital had another strong sales quarter as our offerings continue to resonate in the market. We expanded our relationship with a large regional bank with over $25 billion in assets that added its current breadth of products within our Digital One ecosystem. We also saw continued traction across money in motion, with new engagements across payments and loyalty solutions. Synchrony, a leading consumer financial services company, is partnering with FIS in enabling our premium payback loyalty solution. Synchrony joins a long list of leading card issuers who've selected FIS premium payback offering to help differentiate their value proposition in the highly competitive consumer credit industry. Our award-winning treasury and risk solutions also continue to see strong demand. This quarter a large US based life insurance provider selected FIS suite of risk and compliance tools. This represents a new relationship for the business as the team builds on its strong presence in the insurance market. Within money at work, we signed several new engagements across trading and asset servicing solutions and commercial lending. Newer, expanded engagements include Trustmoore, a global boutique corporate services company and a leading global private equity firm, both selecting FIS private capital suite, our award-winning private equity fund accounting software and reporting solution. Trustmoore, is a perfect example of how we're leveraging acquisitions to source and win new opportunities. The combination of FIS strong accounting and reporting solutions, coupled with the capabilities of recently acquired Deep Pool, an investor servicing software provider, were the deciding factors in allowing FIS to win a highly competitive sales process. Capital Markets continues to differentiate itself from its peers by further expanding into fast growing verticals and capitalizing on its global reach. In addition to our new wins, our efforts are being recognized by some of the most prestigious independent expert advisory firms and financial publications across the industry, with our treasury and risk solutions products winning top honors from both Global Finance Magazine and Treasury Management International. And CNBC once again named FIS a top 250 global fintech company. So, in summary, we reported another strong quarter and have good visibility into delivering our forward outlook given the durability of our highly recurring business model. Before I turn it over to James, I'd like to thank all of our colleagues here at FIS who continue to move the company's future forward. James?
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stephanie, and good morning, everyone. Overall, we are very pleased with our performance in the second quarter with strong execution across many vectors. We delivered broad based outperformance against our financial outlook and this allows us to increase our full year outlook for the second consecutive quarter. Adjusted revenue growth accelerated to 4% in the quarter compared to 3% in the first quarter, and adjusted EBITDA margin expanded by 110 basis points year-over-year, primarily reflecting continued cost savings and favorable revenue mix. Adjusted EPS was $1.36 in the quarter, up 79% compared to the prior year and growing over 30% on a normalized basis. Moving now to our balance sheet and cash flow metrics, total debt at the end of the quarter was $11.2 billion, with a leverage ratio of 2.6 times. We returned $1.3 billion of capital to shareholders, including share repurchases of $1.1 billion. Year-to-date, we have repurchased $2.5 billion of shares and we are well on track to deliver on our $4 billion full year target. Free cash flow was $504 million, with a cash conversion rate of 85%, and we are confirming our full year cash conversion target of 85% to 90%. Turning now to our segment results on slide 10, adjusted revenue growth was 4%, with recurring revenue also growing 4% in the quarter. Banking revenue growth came in at the high end of our outlook range and accelerated to 3% in the quarter. Recurring revenue also grew 3% in line with our expectations and we are confident recurring revenue growth will accelerate in the third quarter and for the back half of the year, reflecting strong execution and sales momentum. Other nonrecurring revenue grew 21%, reflecting growth in license revenue and deconversion fees associated with bank consolidation. Lastly, professional services revenue declined 13% year-over-year. We expect to see an acceleration in professional services growth in the second half as this revenue stream has stabilized and will reaccelerate in the second half of '24. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 140 basis points, primarily reflecting continued cost savings and favorable revenue mix. Turning now to Capital Markets, adjusted revenue growth was 7%, led by recurring revenue growth of 7%, excluding acquisitions. Adjusted revenue grew 6%, up from 5% growth in the first quarter. Other non-recurring revenue grew 15%, primarily reflecting growth in license revenue and professional services increased 2% in line with our expectations. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 60 basis points, reflecting operating leverage and growth in higher margin license revenue. Consistent with prior messaging, we continue to anticipate full year margin expansion across both segments. Turning now to our full year outlook on slide 11. Our strong year-to-date results good visibility into second half growth drivers positions us for another increase to our full year outlook. We are raising our full year EPS outlook by $0.13 to $0.15 to $5.03 to $5.11, reflecting normalized growth of 13% to 15%. This increase is driven by strong execution and broad-based favorability across multiple areas. Let's walk through the key changes on slide 12. We are raising our absolute revenue target by $20 million to reflect more favorable Forex impacts. Segment growth rates are unchanged. We continue to expect banking growth of 3% to 3.5% and Capital Markets of 6.5% to 7%. We are increasing the low end of our adjusted EBITDA range by $15 million, reflecting year-to-date out performance, and we remain confident in achieving our new full year EBITDA range. We are meaningfully increasing our EPS outlook, reflecting continued strong execution and broad-based favorability across depreciation and amortization, interest expense, shares outstanding and Worldpay EMI. Together, these factors are expected to contribute an additional $0.13 to $0.15 adjusted EPS with approximately $0.08 coming from Worldpay EMI. Importantly, we remain confident in delivering the 9% to 12% adjusted EPS growth we committed to at Investor Day. Let's now move to our third quarter outlook on Slide 13. We are projecting adjusted revenue growth of 4% to 4.5% for the third quarter, with banking solutions growth at 2.5% to 3% and Capital Markets at 7.5% to 8%. As a reminder, the banking outlook includes a significant rollover in non-recurring revenue. Despite the large non-recurring headwinds, we expect to deliver steady revenue growth driven by an acceleration in recurring revenue. Importantly, the combination of strong recurring revenue and a rebound in non-recurring revenue provides us with a high degree of visibility around fourth quarter revenue growth of at least 5%. For Capital Markets we are forecasting another good quarter of revenue growth with strong recurring revenue and a rebound in professional services revenue growth. Overall, we are projecting an adjusted EBITDA margin of 40.5% to 40.7% in line with our comments at Investor Day. This reflects a negative impact from a grow over in corporate expenses which were at their lowest absolute level in the third quarter of 2023. Adjusted EPS is projected to increase 35% to 39% to $1.27 to $1.31. We anticipate another good quarter for FIS and we remain highly confident in achieving our full year outlook. Let me now wrap up on Slide 14. In summary, we are encouraged by our financial results delivering our sixth straight quarter of outperformance. During the second quarter, we accelerated revenue growth and drove margin expansion across both operating segments and once again, we meaningfully increased our 2024 adjusted EPS outlook. Lastly, we returned $1.3 billion of capital to our shareholders, an increase of $1 billion compared to the second quarter of 2023. With that operator, could you please open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, good morning and thank you for taking my question. You called out strong visibility to banking growth in both Q3 and Q4 and I was just wondering if you could kind of roll it all up for us and sort of pick apart what the drivers are there. And again, comment on your confidence level about hitting the full year guide, especially given the tough comp in Q3. Are there any levers or are you relying on any kind of events that are coming up to meet your target? Thanks.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, maybe I'll start and James can add in if he'd like. So, I would say we're very pleased once again with the strong performance in first quarter and second quarter with respect to banking revenue. As we look at the third and fourth quarter, we have a high level of confidence. I talked on the call about all the sales execution that we had in the back half of last year, which is giving us a lot of confidence in terms of the guide for the second half of 2024. I'll remind you that in 2023, we had a bit of a lumpy third and fourth quarter. But if you look at them together, first half versus second half, we are calling up the banking revenue and it's really on the back of stronger execution, stronger sales coming into the P&L, and just overall operational execution, and we feel really good about it.
James Kehoe: Yes. The only thing I would add is we were very good visibility into Q3. Effectively, we're in the quarter, so it's a very solid number and we have all the drivers to get to this Q4 growth in banking of at least 5%. Because maybe look back on prior year, the banking business was basically flat in the fourth quarter. So, if you look over at, if you look over a two-year period, you're probably in low single digit, on average compound growth rate over the two years, and you quite easily get to our 5% growth in the fourth quarter.
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay. And kind of a related question, as a follow up, it looks like recurring revenue growth slowed a little bit versus last quarter. Non-recurring accelerated pretty nicely. I know you commented a little bit on this already, but can you help us think about that algorithm and what we should expect going forward in terms of recurring versus non-recurring in Q3 and Q4, and how those two drivers sort of meet up to get you to your full year targets?
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, I'll start again and James can add some color. So, from a recurring standpoint, as you know, we've been really focused on driving really strong recurring profitable revenue and trying to get adjusted revenue and recurring revenue over the midterm to more align with each other. Clearly, we have some variability in the prior years that we're going over, but first quarter to second quarter recurring revenue is slightly down because of a large West Coast bank that was sold out of receivership. You probably know it, that de-converted off of our platform in the second quarter. And so that coming off, which is what we expected, by the way, that was in the guide. And even with that, to James, what we feel really good about the back half of 2024. I think, as you know, in terms of non-recurring, we are growing over some pretty negative numbers last year. So, we're looking in terms of those becoming more flat to not negative. And I think if you look at our full year guide with respect to non-recurring, it kind of comes out to be flat year-over-year. So, I think what you should expect to see from us as we move into the midterm is recurring and adjusted revenue in banking become more in line. But we are dealing with some choppy prior year comparables that make some of the numbers go up and down. I, James and I look at first half, second half, both on a two-year basis and the prior year. And if you look first half, second half on a two-year basis, it's pretty consistent over time, both in terms of recurring and non-recurring.
James Kehoe: I think it's fair to say Stephanie has highlighted on the last couple of calls the strength we've seen in new sales, particularly in the second half of last year. And we did say back in the second half that you're going to see the benefits of that approximately six to twelve months later. And that's what we're seeing in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And, you know, encouragingly as well, the recurring sales on new sales are very strong in banking as we'll, so all signals are very positive on the banking business.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Will Nance with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Will Nance: Hey guys, I appreciate you taking the question this morning. I wanted to follow up on some of the comments in the script on, you mentioned, greater traction in the community banking space. I'm just wondering if you can kind of elaborate on what's been resonating with that part of the market, what products have been kind of key to turning that around, and just how you're thinking about the contribution of that segment to growth overall going forward? Thanks.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. So, as you know, we've been really focused, as we talked about, in terms of new sales with respect to what's resonating. I would say broadly the strength of our cores and how those compete against our competitors, specifically in banks that are growing and have commercial banking customers. So, we have, as you know, we operate more in the upper part of the market and our core there, our IDS core resonates very well. And so, seeing a lot of momentum there as banks really focus on growing and as banks grow, typically have needs around the commercial banking customers. And we are best in class core there, I would say also digital, I highlighted digital sales. We've been making a lot of investment in our product set there, that is resonating very well in the marketplace. So, the combination of core and digital and payments, you know, I talked about at Investor Day really focusing in banking on growth verticals, which are the digital and the payments, they resonate very well. And then the package together with them fully integrated is really compelling in the marketplace. And, you know, as I said on Investor Day, I think we just had lost our way there. Over the last couple of years, we've been really focusing there and we're seeing it resonate in the marketplace as really a best-in-class product suite.
Will Nance: That's super helpful. And just to make sure I understand the commentary on the 5% recurring exiting the year, it sounded like you were kind of pointing towards that being like a relatively easier comp from the prior year. So, when we think about sort of the jumping off point, should we be thinking about somewhere sort of in between that level and where you guys are for the, sort of for the rest of the year?
Stephanie Ferris: I think if you look at the fourth quarter 5%, James mentioned, we feel really good about that. We're growing over zero in the prior year, so it's an easier grow over.
James Kehoe: But it was a 5% adjusted, 5% return. We probably will see recurring slightly slower because we are lapping a very strong recurring and banking in the prior year, I believe it was like 6.7%, 7% in the prior year. So, as you look at the fourth quarter, we still see good growth on recurring, but it will be slightly below the 5%. And what we said in the prepared comments, we will have a rebound in professional services, some other areas which were down significantly in the prior year. So that's why we have a fairly high degree of comfort around this. But it's a 5% on the adjusted group.
Operator: Thank you one moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Guys, hey, thanks. Nice job on the quarter. Just to follow up a little bit on the core strength on the banking side, again, you're saying you're on track for record core signings in '24 and then digital strength, I guess. Stephanie, when you think about where demand is today versus where it was the beginning of the year. And maybe just the timing of what these new signings can contribute. It seems like this would probably set you up at '25, if I'm not mistaken, just given the conversion timing needed on some of these. And so maybe just help understand and frame a little bit more high level on just where demand is today and what you've seen in the market. And then obviously the timing on some of that opportunity into next year. It seems like third and fourth quarter, you're convicted around from last year's and into early half this year. Right? So, these signings would contribute to 25?
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, no, absolutely. So, first of all, I would say demand environment has been stable. So, it's been very stable and consistent in terms of if you're a bank that's growing and you are either growing organically or through M&A, you're typically needing a commercial bank capability. Remember, I don't operate down in the credit union space, so that environment is increasing in terms of the demand there. And then there is high demand, as you might expect, across everything digital, because that is how banks are now. Those are their channels to sell. So, they're making the overall technology spend demand is very stable. And where they're spending money is big into digital online account opening payments, which is where they're focused from a banking standpoint. We also announced a partnership that helps them really focus on deposit growth and profitability. So that's really where we're seeing demand. And you're exactly right, Darren. This is giving us a lot of confidence as we go into next year in terms of record signings and having a high level of visibility into the commits we made in our mid-term guide for 2025 and outward. So, feel really good about what the team is doing. We're not done here, but feel good about the environment, feel good about our competitive positioning and our product set specifically within core digital payments.
Darrin Peller: Okay, that's great. And just very quick follow up would just be for an update on the commercial relationship with Worldpay. It obviously came out better than we expected at your Investor Day, and it's been a couple of quarters now, and so maybe just a quick update on thoughts on how that's been trending and cross sell and partnership there?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, no, it's been. First of all, I might just comment on Worldpay broadly. We feel really good about the separation of Worldpay. You can see in their numbers that, that team over there is operating the business better than we were when it was inside FIS. The commercial relationships with Worldpay are really strong and continue to be strong as we go to market together, and as we identify opportunities in different regulatory schemes where we can put, for example, the network, the network and the merchant relationships together, we will do that, where we can compete together around data. So, we landed as part of the acquisition of set of commercial relationships, and we continue to identify even more opportunities and we'll be finding those as well. So it's going very, very well.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Dan Dolev: Hey, guys, great results here. Thank you for taking my question. Can you, I mean, EBITDA margins were really strong. Can you maybe give us a little bit of a puts and takes of strong? Can you maybe give us a little bit of a puts and takes of the headwinds and tailwinds that went into EBITDA margin this quarter and then have a quick follow up?
James Kehoe: You know, I think we're, as we highlighted, as we gave guidance at the beginning of the year, we did highlight that the first half will be especially strong. What you need to think through is we're not seeing the full extent of this synergy with Worldpay, but we're getting significant traction on the future forward cost savings, which, if you recall, we started rebuilding margins in the second half of last year. So, margins grew very strongly in Q3 and Q4 last year. Incredibly strongly in the first quarter, second quarter here. And so, you look at it as very visible cost management across both businesses and in the headquarters. We still have a long Runway on this, so this is not, but it will taper off a little bit in the second half. The second one is revenue mix was pretty strong in both quarters this year, where we have more profitable, high license mixed. So, we're very happy about the first ever. We're on eight cylinders, literally on margins. And, you know, we remain entirely confident on our long-term goal of 40 to 60 bps margin enhancement going into the future.
Dan Dolev: Got it. Thank you. And then quick one on M&A. Can you give us a quick update on the pipeline? And were there any acquisitions you made in Q2? Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, no, we did. We didn't close anything in the second quarter. The pipeline, Dan, is very good. In fact, we like the economic environment as it sits right now. High interest rates and lots of macro pressure into potential M&A candidates makes them much more willing to sell makes them much more willing to sell at the right price. So, pipeline is good. Just as a reminder, we're very focused on or inorganic acquisitions where we have or need a product that we haven't been able to develop organically. We can add it to the platform and then push it through our very large distribution so it's accretive to revenue and margins as quickly as possible. So, continue to have a very healthy pipeline. That being said, we're very focused on return, on invested capital. So, we aren't a dying to put a transaction on, but we are very active and we think the market is very helpful right now.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. So just coming back to the banking segment, a big part of the acceleration here in the second half is the ramp of the bookings from the second half of last year, as you mentioned. Can you talk a bit about just implementation efficiency? Sounds like there's probably been some improvement there. Maybe just talk about some of the elements of that. And are those now optimized, those kind of implementation timelines, or is there room for further improvement? Because it sounds like you're executing solidly to plan there.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, no, I think there's always room for improvement in terms of implementations, but I think we have a nice robust pipeline of implementations, and we need to make sure that we can add capacity to get them on faster. So that's what we're really focused on without adding cost. And so that's what the team is really focused on. But don't see any issues in terms of getting what we've sold onto the books in the back half of next year and the first half of next year as they come through. We have a very, very active backlog there, and the teams are working very well together. So, I think it's good. I always, as you know, Jason, me, I always think we should be able to go faster. So, the teams know that we're always working to become more efficient and effective. But I think that broadly, the teams, you know, once we sign it, even before it's signed, we start putting it in our backlog and making sure that we have enough people to implement it and convert it. Really happy with where the teams are now.
Jason Kupferberg: And then. Just a follow up. A big theme at the Investor Day was cross selling. I think you mentioned cross sell is up 15% year-to-date. Not sure if that's bookings or revenue, but which specific cross sell initiatives are you getting the most traction with?
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, yeah. No, we're thrilled. So, 15. Yes, you're exactly right. It was a 15% increase in cross sell in the first half of 2024. That's ACV. Where we're seeing a lot of traction is like we talked about within banking, there's a big opportunity to cross sell digital and payments into our core clients. So, we've seen some significant wins there. We've also seen a lot of cross sell going on between our commercial lending and treasury products being cross sell into the banking business and then some of the banking value added services being cross sold into the Capital Markets business. So, we're seeing it. We're seeing it exactly where we would expect as we highlighted in the investor day. We think there's more opportunity here and we continue to focus, but we feel really good about where this number is trending.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, good morning. Good results here. Just two questions. One on card processing. Just curious. With a lot going on there, litigation pushed out. I think Visa announced some new card products as well, like flex credentials. Is that having any influence on pipeline activity? And are you satisfied with your win share on the card side?
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah. All of that creates opportunity for us and for Worldpay as we look at both the merchant and the issuer side. We are a very big consumer and obviously sell the Mastercard and Visa products as they come through, enabling us to take share. So, I wouldn't say anything accelerated there, but we continue to look at the opportunities that those present and as you know, those do create more ways for us to win. I think in terms of the payments business, we're just starting to get our mojo back there in terms of really focusing and winning on new sales. As you know, that was one of the growth verticals for us and we got a little distracted, I would say, as we really, the company really focused on Worldpay. So bringing back the focus in banking and digital, to issuer, to the network, to the loyalty products, we're starting to see early wins in sales there. They're very competitive products and they're highly integrated with the core. So that's a lot of where we expect to see the cross sell. And we think any of that regulatory risk and opportunity is also a big opportunity for us as we look at that set of assets.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay, great. Just my quick follow up on the Capital Markets side, a lot of market volatility, up versus down markets, down market have any change in how you generate revenues or penetrate your traditional verticals? Just trying to revisit some of the old sun guard stuff, if you don't mind. Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, no, I would say our trading and processing business, it continues to trend well, as you know, those were some places. We added some of the acquisitions that add a product capability. I mentioned the Deep Pool acquisition that allowed us to win some of the key wins we highlighted this quarter. Nothing new there, continues to be a very strong business for us, continues to take share, and as a reminder, it doesn't, it doesn't price to AUM. It's very SaaS based with a very, very small amount of transactions going across the platform. So, no risk with respect to market volatility going on. But as you mentioned, there is a lot of transactions processing, and our platforms remain very stable and feel really good about the scalability of our overall platforms.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. That will come from the line of John Davis with Raymond James, your line is open.
John Davis: Hey, good morning, guys. James, on the free cash flow, I hear you reiterating the 85% to 90% guide this year, which implies well over 100% in the back half of the year. So, any comments there on kind of what gives you that confidence and then anything on 3Q, 4Q cadence?
James Kehoe : Yes. There's a lot of timing between the first half and the second half. For example, there's a misalignment, in that you're inclined to pay out your prior year bonus in the first half of the year, and there's no bonus outflows in the second half. Similarly, with the timing of interest -- cash interest that you pay for some reasonable contracts are more skewed to cash outflows in the first half. These are two examples. That shifts around 300 kind of millions between first half and second half in terms of change of trajectory. And with the benefit of hindsight, we probably should have gone out with our 85 to 90 and said it will be lower in the first half because that's what the plan said, and it will be much higher in the second half. So, if I adjust for these two or three timing items that are just naturally higher in the first half, between first and second half, I comfortably get to the 15 kind of number. But you're right, it does require a 1 15 in the second half, and we have good line of sight with that. Good question on growth, we're very focused on it.
John Davis: Okay. Great. And then Stephanie, a little bit of follow-on to Tien-Tsin's question. How do you think about the card processing business and maybe the Banking business overall? Maybe just remind us what percent of that is more transaction-based or it could be a little bit more cyclical in nature as we think about slowing spending in the US?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. John, I was waiting for someone to ask me this. So I'll just remind everybody that Banking business has a payments business inside of it. A majority of that is related really around debit card transactions. So when you think about consumer spend volatility, typically, that's insulated in terms of everyday spend. We also price on transactions, so we don't get the benefit of inflation on the way up or on the way down. So we're protected from that. And broadly, I would say our debit processing business is -- against credit, which is smaller, trending just like the market. So stronger in the first quarter a little bit. Lighter in the second quarter and then July is a little bit lighter. But even with all of that, we're just not that exposed to consumer spend trends across FIS. And so when you think about just safety in terms of not having impact on consumer spend one way or the other, that's really what this Banking business now looks like, separating the Worldpay business out. And with all -- even with the consumer transactions coming down slightly, that's all baked in our guidance, and we feel good about the outlook.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Dave Koning with Baird.
David Koning: Yeah. Hey, guys, nice job. And I guess, my first question, Capital Markets, a really good quarter. Ongoing good recurring revenue growth, but nonrecurring had, I think, the strongest growth in -- since 2021 or so. Is that part of the reason for a really good guide in Q3 and for the margin strength sequentially in Q2?
Stephanie Ferris : Yes. I think I'll start and maybe James can jump in. I think as we look at Capital Markets, they did have a strong nonrecurring benefit in the second quarter, which obviously helps both the revenue growth and the margins in terms of the contribution there. I think as you look out over the first half, second half in terms of 2024. We continue to feel good about the recurring revenue, and we are seeing a little bit of an increase in terms of the nonrecurring pieces that are contributing a little bit to revenue. I don't know, James, if you have anything else you want to add.
James Kehoe: Well, I think in general, you could look at it professional services in Capital Markets last year was down in most quarters. And as we said on the prepared, that stabilized. The growth has accelerated. So that's one driver. It went from like a negative 5% to a plus 5% kind of thing. And then what we are seeing is we're seeing good buoyancy in licenses, particularly in international. That's, I think, the different trend in Q3, and that's what gives us the confidence to call out pretty good pretty good visibility to that.
David Koning: Thank you. And I guess my follow-up, the Worldpay contribution was something like $150 million, I think, in Q2 and you're guiding to something like $110 million in Q3. Is that line item going to be lumpy like that? Or is there something in Q2 that was a little one-off, and the $110 million is kind of the baseline to think of in kind of future quarters?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. And I'll again start and let James add in. I think what we're expecting to see with Worldpay is the EMI contribution, as they stand up their organization, would be a little bit lumpy as they add all the people into their organization and they take down the TFAS. So, I don't know that we could call a normalized number of $110 million quite yet. We feel really confident with the forecast they gave us, which they do give to us, and they're obviously outperforming that. But I think the back half them is really about adding and standing up the people to run the systems as they take -- get ready to take down the TSAs over 2025, et cetera. So, it's really investments they're making in the business as they stand those costs up.
James Kehoe: Yes. And I think the only thing I'd add is you -- we rely on the forecast they provide to us. We don't give the intense level of detail. But Stephanie is right, they've got standup costs right now. they have to making some select investments to drive future growth in the business. So, we all think it's a very doable forecast, and we're very confident in the full year projections we're doing today.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, and that will come from the line of Vasu Govil with KBW. Your line is open.
Vasundhara Govil: Hi. Thanks for taking my question, Stephanie, I wanted to follow up on the prior question about consumer spend, just given the macro concerns in the market. I know like you called out the FIS business is more defensive than the world pay piece. But if you could give us any sort of guidelines on how to think about potential sensitivity to the extent we do start to see some slowdown? And then the same question for the Worldpay EMI contribution, just given that, that business is more exposed to spend, any high-level views on how they might look to balance expenses versus investments if the macro were to slow down?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. I mean I think broadly that the consumer spend is not impactful in terms of thinking about FIS as it sits today. We do make money on transactions. We don't see -- even if the transactions go up or down in terms of a point or point -- a couple of points over a quarter, it's just not material to the overall revenue impact because of how much revenue really comes from core and digital and the other pieces of the Payments business. So, they're really -- if you're thinking about consumer spend, we don't have a big impact from consumer spend in the payments business and banking. We just don't. And if you go back and you look at even 2020 and you strip merchant out, you'll see that I think revenue in Capital Markets even during those time periods, where consumer spend was almost at zero, revenue still grew in those businesses about 3%. So just to give you a bunch of confidence around that. I think in terms of the Worldpay EMI, I think what I would say, I can't comment -- I mean, you guys clearly know the Worldpay business well. They're obviously impacted by consumer spend. But I think what you're seeing even in terms of the revenue and EBITDA that they're posting in the first and second quarter is they're operating the business more effectively. The revenue growth is doing better because of the operational execution that they're bringing into the business. I think you can go back and look at the historical views of what happened to Worldpay revenue with respect to consumer spend, I'm not going to comment on that. But I do think -- and we're pleased with the Worldpay team over there and what the what they're focused on. And remember, they're really focused on driving operational execution into the business over the next 2 or 3 years, and making sure they stand up the business and they're ready to go and taking market share. I think their first and second quarter revenue would say that they're doing a good job on that.
Vasundhara Govil: Great. Thank you for the color. And just a quick follow-up for you, James. I don't know if I missed it, but did you give us the growth rates excluding M&A and dis-synergy in the quarter? And then just any change to the dis-synergy expectations either on revenue or EBITDA for the year?
James Kehoe : Well, we said that -- yes, we said -- sorry, I missed the second half. I'm just concentrating on the first. Basically, Capital Markets has an impact of 100 basis points in the quarter. The Banking business has zero contribution. So on a total level, it's almost a wash. I think it works out at 30 or 40 basis points of net contribution, so it doesn't even round up to a point. The second part of your question was?
Vasundhara Govil: Just any change to the dis-synergy expectations either on revenue or EBITDA for the year?
James Kehoe: No, nothing of any materiality. It's in line with expectations.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James Faucette: Great, thank you very much. Thanks for all the details. A lot of my questions have been asked, but I did want to understand a couple of things that are happening. First, can you help us understand what's driving what looks like an expected acceleration in Professional Services in the second half and fourth quarter? Like what are the services you're expecting to pick up? And how do we think about durability of that?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, I'm happy to take that in terms of what you're -- so professional services, if you look at the trends in the back half of last year stepped down. That was really driven by the lack of new wins that we had and we're converting. Professional services typically goes along with high levels of implementation. So, as you look at professional services revenue, it stabilized coming into the first half of this year and then it's continuing to be driven by our new sales implementations, whether it's core or digital or payments. And I think as you think about the back half of this year, it's an easier grow-over, but we have stabilized the number broadly, and it's really tied to new wins going into the platform.
James Faucette: Got it. And then on cost savings actions, anything left or any projects there that are still in flight? Or have the majority of action has been taken and so we're kind of at normalizing OpEx and expense run rates?
James Kehoe: No, I think -- and what you've seen when we gave guidance on the medium-term guidance, and reflecting the success with Future Forward, we actually said that we're facing TSAs that will be rolling off the business over the coming 24 months, and that gives us pressure on future margins. But we've basically signed up for annual savings of 165 bps to 175 bps a year. So, you should presume that the current performance, while it may tail off a little bit in the second half of this year, probably has a runway of 24 months. Because what we need to do now is we hope the TSAs rolling off, we have to resize corporate expense structures more in line with a company of $10 billion post the sale of Worldpay. So we do have a lot of cost initiatives looking forward. One of the items we did highlight on the call was how do we apply GenAI and automation across all of the functions in the company to drive favorable costs, but also to improve customer service and drive new sources of revenue. So, in summary, I think we have a fairly long runway, probably 24 months on cost reduction because we have the TSAs to eliminate. And we've actually already started working on this, we have an active program. And we're probably ahead of the curve in terms of identifying cost initiatives going forward.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have time for one final question, and that will come from the line of Ken Suchoski with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Ken Suchoski: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about the $4 billion repurchase outlook. The company did $2.5 billion year-to-date, including $1.1 billion in 2Q. So, it seems like you're well on track to hit your $4 billion target for the full year. Maybe just talk about your appetite to continue the pace of buyback that we saw in 2Q? And could we actually end up above that $4 billion target that you called out? Thank you.
James Kehoe: No. I think -- so that leaves $1.5 million for the remainder of the year, you should assume there will be a skew to the fourth quarter. So, you could simplistically say, one third, two third. The reason being is, to hit the $4 billion, we have to repatriate some cash internationally. And I think we said it on one of the prior calls that we expect this repatriation in the fourth quarter. So, to the extent we can get cash in sooner, we'll do it sooner. But right now, we kind of have a skew to the fourth quarter.
Ken Suchoski: Okay. Great. That's really helpful. And then maybe just as my follow-up, I wanted to ask about Worldpay. I know it's a smaller part of the business, but what's allowing you to raise the EMI contribution related to Worldpay? I think you said it added $0.08 to the EPS guide. I think if I have the numbers right, Worldpay revenue grew 3% year-over-year, but I think EBITDA was down mid-single digits. So, any thoughts on how that EMI contribution is increasing would be great.
James Kehoe: Yes. We look at it kind of differently. We're looking versus our prior forecast. And I can tell you that the beat is coming equally from EBITDA and interest expense. There is some refinancing a couple of weeks back, and that is delivered and locked in some future savings. And then -- but an equal amount is coming from EBITDA. So, they're actually doing quite well, I would say, on the margins as well. So, it's not just a revenue gain. So, we're very happy, and it's good quality improvement in minority in case of Worldpay.
Stephanie Ferris: I think they also did a refinancing in the second quarter that is delivering some nice EMI for us and for them as well.
Operator: Thank you all for participating. This concludes today's program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  
 I would now like to hand the call over to George Mihalos, Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Georgios Mihalos: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for the FIS First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcasted. Today's news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. On the call with me today are Stephanie Ferris, our CEO and President; and James Kehoe, our CFO. Stephanie will begin the call with a strategic and operational update, followed by James, who will review our financials. 
 Turning to Slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language. 
 Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share and free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information is presented in our earnings release. 
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Stephanie. 
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you, George, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. I'm pleased to report that 2024 is off to a very strong start. We're outperforming on our financial commitments to shareholders, experiencing solid new sales momentum and leveraging our strong capital position to aggressively return capital to shareholders while also investing for growth. 
 The decisive actions we took in 2023 through our Future Forward strategy are resonating across the enterprise and improving operational and financial outcomes. This is the fifth consecutive quarter where we've exceeded our financial outlook with broad-based outperformance across revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS. While still early, we are confident in achieving our 2024 outlook for revenue and adjusted EBITDA, and we are meaningfully raising our EPS outlook to reflect a sustainable lower tax rate and a higher EMI contribution from our Worldpay stake. 
 Momentum is building across our new sales pipeline as our solutions continue to resonate with clients. We saw strong new sales growth in the first quarter with good demand across digital banking, payments and risk compliance solutions. We expect the strong new sales activity to continue over the remainder of the year. 
 Moving on to capital allocation. We are once again increasing our share repurchase target for the year by $500 million. We now expect to repurchase a total of $4 billion in 2024. During the quarter, we returned $1.6 billion to shareholders, including $1.4 billion through repurchases. And we [indiscernible] highly synergistic tuck-in opportunities to further our business. 
 Before turning it over for an in-depth discussion on our first quarter financial performance and updated 2024 outlook, I'd like to remind everyone that tomorrow, we will be hosting an Investor Day, where we will be showcasing our corporate strategy, providing segment deep dives and introducing medium-term financial targets. We hope you can join us in person in New York City or via the webcast. 
 And with that, I'll turn it over to James. James? 
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stephanie, and hello, everyone. We are very pleased with our performance in the first quarter, and our successful cash management and tax initiatives have allowed us to meaningfully raise our full year EPS outlook. On a continuing operations basis, adjusted revenue growth accelerated to 3% compared to flat in the fourth quarter of 2023. The adjusted EBITDA margin expanded by 200 basis points year-over-year, primarily reflecting cost optimization initiatives, which boosted margins in the Banking segment. 
 Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $1.10 in the quarter, up 53% compared to the prior year and up 24% on a normalized basis. On a total company basis, including 1 month of discontinued operations, revenue was $2.9 billion with adjusted EPS of $1.33. Beginning in February 2024, our 45% interest in Worldpay is reported on the EMI line of the income statement. 
 Moving now to our balance sheet and cash flow metrics. After paying down debt with the Worldpay proceeds, our total debt at the end of the quarter was $11.2 billion with a leverage ratio of 2.7x. We repurchased approximately $1.4 billion of shares, resulting in over $1.6 billion of capital returned to shareholders during the first quarter. Additionally, we are once again increasing our share repurchase target for the year by $500 million to $4 billion in total. We will deploy this incremental $500 million over the course of the fourth quarter of 2024, benefiting 2025 EPS. 
 On a continuing operations basis, we generated free cash flow of $95 million in the first quarter with a free cash flow conversion rate of 18%. Free cash flow was negatively impacted by a number of factors, which are temporary in nature, including the delay of prior year tax payments for the first quarter of 2024 and the timing of TSA reimbursements from Worldpay. 
 Overall, these temporary items amounted to $195 million or 36 points of negative impact. Adjusting for these items, free cash flow conversion would have been approximately 54% compared to 40% in the first quarter of 2023. Importantly, these temporary items were already factored into our full year cash conversion target of 85% to 90%. And we are confident that we will achieve this target. 
 Turning now to our segment results on Slide 8. Adjusted revenue growth was 3%, in line with our expectations. And recurring revenue growth was a steady 5%, broadly in line with the trends we saw during 2023. 
 One quick note on backlog. While we will continue to provide backlog data in our quarterly 10-Q filings, we will no longer be focusing on backlog during our earnings presentation. As you already know, backlog does not appropriately capture underlying growth from existing clients such as account and transaction growth. 
 Last quarter, we provided you with increased disclosure around our recurring and nonrecurring revenue streams within the Banking segment. And building on that transparency, we have now added a schedule in the appendix highlighting the resiliency of our recurring revenue growth across a multiyear period. Compared to backlog, recurring revenue growth is a more meaningful predictor of sustainable future revenue growth, and we will be increasingly focused on this measure as a key indicator of the underlying strength of the business. 
 Moving on to segment performance. Banking adjusted revenue growth was at the high end of our outlook range and accelerated to 2% in the quarter compared to flat in the fourth quarter of '23. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded by an impressive 350 basis points, primarily driven by cost initiatives and favorable revenue mix. Banking recurring revenue grew a healthy 4%, representing continued steady growth. Other nonrecurring revenue grew 9% with strong year-over-year growth in license fee revenue, more than offsetting declines in pandemic-related revenue. Professional services revenue declined 14%, reflecting a difficult year-over-year comparison in project revenue related to a large client.
 Turning now to Capital Markets. Adjusted revenue growth was 6%, an improvement from 1% growth in the fourth quarter, led by strong recurring revenue growth. Excluding the impact from acquisitions, adjusted revenue increased 5%. Adjusted EBITDA margin contracted 80 basis points during the quarter, primarily reflecting less favorable revenue mix. And for the year, we continue to expect modest margin expansion. Capital Markets recurring revenue grew by a strong 9% in the quarter, whereas other nonrecurring revenue was flat and professional services declined 4%. 
 Turning now to our full year outlook on Slide 9. Our first quarter operational performance gives us great confidence in meeting our full year outlook. However, given that it is so early in the year, for now, we are reiterating our full year outlook for revenue and adjusted EBITDA. We are raising our full year adjusted EPS outlook by $0.22 to $4.88 to $4.98 as we drive broad-based favorability across taxes, interest expense, depreciation and EMI.
 Let's walk through the key changes on Slide 10. We continue to project total reported revenue of $10.1 billion to $10.15 billion with adjusted revenue growth of 4% to 4.5%. We expect the Banking segment to grow between 3% to 3.5%, and we anticipate Capital Markets revenue growth of 6.5% to 7%. We continue to forecast year-over-year margin expansion of 20 to 40 basis points for the full year, implying an expected moderation in the margin expansion relative to the first quarter's 200 basis points. 
 Over the past few months, we have been very focused on optimizing our cash management, taxes and capital structure. And these initiatives are driving $0.22 of favorability compared to our original EPS guidance. We are now in a position to reduce our tax rate projection to around 14.5% from over 17% previously. This contributes approximately $0.14, and the lower tax rate is sustainable going forward. More to follow on this at Investor Day. 
 We are also reducing our depreciation and amortization projections by $5 million to $10 million compared to our prior outlook. And we now anticipate full year interest expense of $320 million to $325 million, an improvement of $25 million reflecting strong execution in quickly deploying the Worldpay proceeds to maximize returns. Lastly, we have raised our 11-month Worldpay EMI contribution by $15 million to $20 million, mostly reflecting their strong start to the year. 
 As a result, we are raising our full year EPS outlook to a range of $4.88 to $4.98, growing more than 45% on a continuing operations basis. On a normalized basis, we now expect adjusted EPS to grow 10% to 12%, including a high single-digit negative impact from dis-synergies. 
 Let's now move to our second quarter outlook on Slide 11. We are forecasting another quarter of accelerating revenue growth, margin expansion and strong earnings growth. We are projecting adjusted revenue growth of 3% to 4% with Banking Solutions at 2% to 2.5% and Capital Markets at 7% to 8%. We expect Banking revenue growth to accelerate over the course of the year, reflecting easier year-over-year revenue comparisons and the favorable impact from stronger new sales over the second half of 2023. We expect steady Capital Markets adjusted revenue growth over the remainder of the year, in line with our second quarter outlook. We are projecting adjusted EBITDA of $980 million to $995 million, which translates to year-over-year margin expansion of 80 to 100 basis points. Continuing operations adjusted EPS is projected to increase 59% to 64% to $1.21 to $1.25. In summary, we expect the favorable first quarter trends to continue into the second quarter, and we are confident in our full year outlook. 
 Let me now wrap up on Slide 12. In closing, we are very encouraged by our first quarter results, delivering our fifth straight quarter of outperformance. We are raising our full year EPS outlook by $0.22, an increase of 4.5%. And we are reaffirming our revenue and adjusted EBITDA targets. We are confident in our full year outlook and are well on track to deliver accelerating revenue growth and expanding margins in 2024. Lastly, we returned over $1.6 billion of capital to our shareholders in the quarter and increased our 2024 share repurchase target by $500 million to $4 billion. 
 With that, we will be concluding today's call, and we look forward to speaking with you and taking your questions at tomorrow's Investor Day. Have a good evening. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the FIS Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. George Mihalos, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
George Mihalos: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the FIS fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call. This call is being webcasted. Today's news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. On the call with me this morning are Stephanie Ferris, our CEO and President; and James Kehoe, our CFO. Stephanie will lead the call with a strategic and operational update, followed by James, who will review our financial results. Turning to Slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share and free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information is presented in our earnings release. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Stephanie.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you, George, and thank you everyone for joining us. 2023 was a year of significant positive momentum at FIS. When I stepped in as CEO, we were facing an uncertain economy, a banking crisis, inflation and a market where new capital was scarce. And while FIS was a statured company with over 50 years of market success, it had lost its focus in recent years. Simply put, the company was not meeting expectations. It was missing financial commitments and growth opportunities. It was slow in the delivery of products, too complex for clients to navigate and selling in areas that didn't contribute to the bottom-line. Fast-forward a year later, and we are now a much different company with renewed focus, vision and measurable results. We took a decisive action and moved with urgency to put the company on a sustainable path for long-term success, unlocking value for shareholders and re-committing to our clients who are at the center of everything we do. In a short period of time, we successfully executed a number of significant operational commitments, while consistently delivering financial outcomes ahead of expectations. Earlier this month, we announced the successful completion of the majority sale of the Worldpay business to GTCR, a key milestone for our future. This landmark transaction creates two market-leading companies with greater strategic flexibility and operational focus to capitalize on their respective growth and margin opportunities in rapidly evolving markets. FIS holds a meaningful 45% stake in Worldpay, and the two companies will continue to work together closely in the future. The strategic go-to-market partnership we established with Worldpay through our commercial agreements preserves the key value propositions for clients of both companies. And it is a powerful continuation of what we started when our two organizations first came together. Worldpay will remain an important distribution channel for FIS, while continuing to benefit from access to FIS' array of bank tech services such as our embedded finance solutions. We are excited to partner with Charles Drucker, the Worldpay management team and GTCR, and we are confident the business is on the right trajectory to reinvigorate revenue and earnings growth. The separation reinforces FIS' position as a global enterprise software leader servicing the technology needs of the most complex global financial institutions, multinational corporates and governments. With a sharp focus on our marquee set of clients, we are well-positioned to capitalize on favorable industry trends and quickly push into faster-growing verticals and segments of the market. This builds on our first-mover technology advantages, allowing us to accelerate revenue growth as our 2024 outlook demonstrates. The Worldpay transaction also allows us to recapitalize our balance sheet, providing ample flexibility to reinvest in the business, while at the same time, accelerating capital returns to shareholders and lowering our leverage ratio. I'm pleased to announce that we are once again raising our share repurchase target. We are now committing to buying back at least $3.5 billion of stock in 2024, up from our previous $3 billion target. Including repurchases completed in the fourth quarter of 2023, this brings our total share repurchase commitment up to at least $4 billion. This increased buyback reflects our confidence in the business, our strong capital position and our view on the intrinsic value of FIS' shares. Lastly, we continue to execute against our Future Forward strategy, exceeding our targets for 2023 and increasing our commitment for operational excellence in 2024. The program is changing the way FIS operates with a focus on driving greater efficiency, effectiveness and growth for our clients and for FIS. Our successful efforts are underpinned by distinct and tangible proof points. For example, over the second half of 2023, we were able to return the company to year-over-year margin expansion. And, we expect to drive further profitability improvements in 2024. We refocused our sales force to prioritize higher-value, higher-margin technology sales, and we intensified our efforts to improve the customer experience, including accelerating implementations of our next-generation technology solutions. While there is still plenty of work to be done, I couldn't be prouder of the FIS team and what we've accomplished together in just a year's time. Now let's turn to a discussion of our financial results. Turning to Slide 6. The significant actions we undertook in 2023 are already driving improved financial outcomes. We delivered full year 2023 financial results ahead of our outlook, including four consecutive quarters of outperformance on a total company basis. Adjusted revenue growth of 2% was driven by strong total company recurring revenue growth of 4%, including 5% recurring growth across our Banking and Capital Markets segments. Profitability improvements were primarily driven by our Future Forward program. This resulted in adjusted EBITDA margin expanding over the second half of 2023 despite headwinds in high-margin non-recurring revenue such as license and termination fees. We meaningfully improved adjusted free cash flow conversion in 2023 to a normalized 95% as compared to 72% in 2022. Capital expenditures declined to approximately 8% of total company revenue in 2023, down from 9% in 2022 as a result of continued execution against Future Forward initiatives. Lastly, we returned over $1.7 billion in capital to our shareholders through the combination of both dividends and share repurchases with over $800 million in the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 7. The trajectory of our recurring revenue growth trends exiting the year and continued expense management gives us confidence that both revenue growth and profitability are inflecting in 2024. We expect a sustainable acceleration in adjusted revenue growth from 3% in 2023 to more than 4% in 2024. This acceleration is principally driven by a meaningful improvement in Banking's revenue growth from 2% in 2023 to at least 3% in 2024. We expect the momentum we've been experiencing in our Capital Markets segment over the past few years to continue with healthy growth in excess of 6%. The segment will continue to benefit from market share gains and expansion into newer verticals. During the third quarter of 2023, fueled by the success of our Future Forward strategy, we returned the company to year-over-year adjusted EBITDA margin expansion for the first time in nearly two years. Building on the success of Future Forward and the underlying fundamentals of the business, we are confident that the company is positioned for sustainable margin expansion in 2024 and beyond. The revenue acceleration and operational improvements just discussed, coupled with balanced capital deployment, will allow us to deliver 5% to 7% normalized EPS growth, which include a high single-digit negative dis-synergy impact. As a result of this improved financial outlook, we are committed to returning over $4 billion of capital to our shareholders across buybacks and dividends in 2024. Looking forward, current favorable market trends as well as the operational efficiencies we continue to drive leave us confident that we are positioned for further earnings acceleration beyond 2024. Turning to Slide 8. We are seeing increased client demand and a growing sales pipeline as our products and services continue to resonate, especially with large financial institutions. Based on the current level of activity we're seeing across our pipeline, we expect an acceleration in new sales in 2024 as compared to 2023, aiding revenue growth beyond 2024. During the fourth quarter, we signed multiple marquee wins across our businesses. Beginning with enterprise core platforms, we're seeing increased demand from the regional community bank market for our bundled offerings of core digital payments through strong new sales and implementations. Additionally, we signed several new and expanded core engagements with regional community and international financial institutions, including a key competitive takeaway Banc of California with approximately $40 billion in assets. Also, demand for FIS' digital banking solutions remains strong. Our Digital One platform was selected by some of the most demanding banks and financial institutions, including a global asset manager with greater than $1 trillion in assets under management. Likewise, we've seen continued robust sales for our Digital One Studio with leading national, regional and super-regional banks, including Hancock Whitney, First Citizens Bank and Bank of Montreal. These banks have all deployed solutions from our digital suite, which offers deeper personalization capabilities in support of their deposit growth, product cross-sell and customer experience improvement objective. To underscore our progress in digital banking, our sales pipeline continues to expand with demand from large financial institutions increasing in the double digits. Our payments and network businesses continue to gain traction and we are expanding our sales focus in these areas, given the long growth runway they represent. The NYCE debit network had another strong quarter of new sales. We signed multiple new engagements with premier financial institutions, retailers and global media companies. Additionally, FedNow continues to gain traction. We now have over 215 clients either in contract or in our pipeline and we are now certified to both send and receive payments. Moving on to Capital Markets. Beginning with securities trading and processing, our market-leading Cleared Derivatives solution was selected by a global financial technology provider and a leading alternative asset manager. Additionally, our Treasury Solutions had another strong quarter of new sales. We signed new engagements with a leading financial technology company, several municipal governments, a multinational healthcare provider and an online consumer apparel provider. Our Lending Solutions also had a number of impressive new or expanded wins in the quarter. This included a leading U.S. automaker, several European automakers as well as several global financial institutions who are seeking a partner who could service and support their global client base. I'm encouraged by the trends we experienced over the second half of 2023 and confident we are poised for a meaningful sales acceleration in 2024. 2023 was a year of significant positive momentum at FIS. I'm incredibly proud of the team for their commitment to our Future Forward strategy and the heightened focus on improving client centricity, accelerating product innovation and simplifying our go-to-market approach. Our performance in 2023 and our strengthened position entering 2024 give me confidence that we're on the right path to further improve operational and financial outcomes going-forward. With that in mind, FIS plans to host an Investor Day in New York City on Tuesday, May 7. We hope you can join us for a discussion on our go-forward corporate strategy post the Worldpay separation, our playbook for sustainable success in our Banking and Capital Markets segments, and of course, our multi-year financial targets and capital allocation framework. With that, let me turn it over to James for a discussion of our fourth quarter financial results and 2024 outlook. James?
James Kehoe: Thank you, Stephanie, and good morning. I'll begin on Slide 11 with some comments on our 2023 performance and the key drivers of earnings power for the upcoming year. As Stephanie noted, we are pleased with our results having consistently exceeded the high end of the outlook. The original EBITDA guidance was $5.9 billion to $6.1 billion and the actual results came in well above the high end of the range. The outperformance was driven by strong recurring revenue growth from both Banking and Capital Markets, profitability improvements, fueled by our Future Forward program, and better-than-expected performance from Worldpay, which is now reflected in discontinued operations. On January 31, we completed the majority sale of the Worldpay business. The transaction positions both companies for future success, allowing them to focus on their respective end markets and to pursue appropriate capital allocation strategies. The transaction has also allowed FIS to transform its capital structure, paying down debt to ensure an investment-grade rating while accelerating return of capital to shareholders and allowing for appropriate levels of investment in the business. FIS is now well-positioned to deliver accelerating revenue growth with a return to sustainable margin expansion. Revenue growth will accelerate from 3% in 2023 to 4% to 4.5% in 2024, or 3.8% to 4.3% excluding acquisitions and dis-synergies. Adjusted EBITDA margin is projected to expand by 20 basis points to 40 basis points. Adjusted EPS is projected to grow 38% to 41% year-over-year on a continuing operations basis, including a significant contribution from the deployment of Worldpay proceeds and the first-time inclusion of the Worldpay Equity Method Investment contribution. On a normalized basis, we expect adjusted EPS to grow 5% to 7%, including a high single-digit negative impact from dis-synergies. Strong core business performance and our Future Forward program have more than offset the negative impact from dis-synergies. Turning now to Slide 12 for a few considerations on our financial reporting going forward. Beginning in the first quarter of 2024, FIS' 45% financial interest in Worldpay will now be reported separately on the Equity Method Investment line of the income statement. Our 2024 adjusted EPS outlook of $4.66 to $4.76 includes a $0.69 to $0.71 contribution from Worldpay. Please note that the $0.69 to $0.71 is for 11 months only. Had the transaction closed at the end of last year, our 2024 adjusted EPS for continuing operations would have been $0.06 higher resulting in a pro forma adjusted EPS of $4.72 to $4.82 on a full-year basis. Consistent with our prior messaging, our go-forward adjusted EPS outlook will include the Worldpay EMI contribution. And we will also be providing condensed quarterly financial results for Worldpay on a 100% basis, including revenue and EBITDA on both a GAAP and adjusted basis. Lastly, going forward, FIS will be presenting revenue growth on an adjusted basis. This reflects year-over-year constant-currency revenue growth for our Banking Solutions and Capital Markets operating segments. With that, let's turn to our fourth quarter results on Slide 13. Overall, we are pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter and this is the fourth consecutive quarter of meeting or exceeding the high end of our outlook. Including Worldpay, total company revenue increased 1% to $3.7 billion with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 43.2% and adjusted EPS of $1.67. Total company adjusted EBITDA margin was flat year-over-year, held back by a margin decline in discontinued operations. On a continuing operations basis, revenue was flat at $2.5 billion and this was in line with our expectations. Strong recurring revenue growth across both Banking and Capital Markets was offset by expected declines in non-recurring revenue and professional services. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded by a strong 70 basis points year-over-year, led by meaningful margin expansion in Banking Solutions. Adjusted EPS for continuing operations was $0.94 in the quarter, a decline of 4% compared to the prior year, reflecting higher interest expense with a negative impact of $0.07. For discontinued operations, revenue increased 2% to $1.2 billion, modestly ahead of our expectations. Adjusted EBITDA margin contracted 160 basis points reflecting a less favorable revenue mix and the timing of certain expenses. Moving now to cash flow and balance sheet metrics, where we continue to drive improvements. We generated strong free cash flow of $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter, resulting in a normalized free cash flow conversion of 100%, with a full year conversion rate of 95%. This compares very favorably to our 2023 full year target of greater than 80% free cash flow conversion. We ended the year with total debt of $19.1 billion with a leverage ratio of 3 times. As previously communicated, we repurchased $510 million of shares during the fourth quarter of '23 resulting in over $800 million of capital returned to shareholders in the quarter and $1.7 billion for the year as a whole. Turning now to our segment results on Slide 14. For the quarter, adjusted revenue growth was flat year-over-year, in line with our expectations. As expected, backlog remained stable at $23.5 billion. Continued strong recurring revenue growth of 7% was offset by anticipated non-recurring headwinds. Banking revenue was flat in the quarter, while adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 270 basis points, primarily driven by Future Forward cost initiatives. Banking recurring revenue grew a healthy 7%, including stronger-than-expected consumer spend in our payments business and the benefit from a prior year grow-over. Note that our calculation of Banking recurring revenue growth reflects two changes. First, in keeping with historical practice, we have transitioned certain non-strategic businesses, which we expect to settle or wind-down from Banking Solutions to the Corporate and Other segment. Second, with the expiration of federal funds related to pandemic relief programs, we have moved this revenue from recurring revenue to non-recurring revenue with no change to total revenue. We have provided a detailed reconciliation table for these adjustments in the appendix. As you will see, these adjustments have a de minimis impact on full year recurring revenue growth. Banking recurring revenue growth of 4% in 2023 is unchanged, while the changes increase our 2022 recurring revenue growth by a mere 40 basis points. The recurring revenue growth of 7% was offset by expected declines in other non-recurring revenue and professional services of 22% and 31%, respectively. The decline in other non-recurring revenue includes an 11% headwind from the decline in pandemic relief revenues while the decline in professional services reflects a difficult comparison. Turning now to Capital Markets. Capital Markets adjusted revenue increased 1%, led by continued strong recurring revenue growth of 7%. As expected, non-recurring revenue declined by 10%, primarily driven by a difficult year-over-year comparison related to license fees, which we have consistently messaged throughout the year. The decline in higher-margin non-recurring license revenue was the primary driver of the 250 basis point margin contraction. Looking forward, we will be facing lower headwinds from both professional services and other non-recurring revenue. And we expect to see closer alignment between adjusted revenue growth and recurring revenue growth. Turning now to our full year results by segment on Slide 15. Adjusted revenue growth increased 3%, led by strong recurring revenue growth of 5%. Banking revenue was up 2% as recurring revenue growth of 4% offset declines in non-recurring revenue and lower professional services. Adjusted EBITDA margin was flat, but margins were strong in the second half of the year as Future Forward savings accelerated. Capital Markets revenue increased 5%, led by very strong recurring revenue growth of 9%. Adjusted EBITDA margin contracted 60 basis points to 50.3%, primarily due to lower margins over the second half of the year, reflecting a lower contribution from higher-margin license fees. Turning now to Slide 16 for an update on Future Forward. I am pleased to report that we have exceeded our 2023 target for Future Forward OpEx savings and we see further upside in 2024. We delivered in-period EBITDA savings of $155 million, well above our original goal of $100 million. And we are raising our 2024 incremental savings target from $215 million to $280 million. We are reiterating our total cash savings target of $1 billion for the Future Forward program. We are reaffirming our capital reduction target, increasing our OpEx savings goal, and adopting a slightly more conservative view regarding the reduction in acquisition, integration and other expenses. Turning now to our capital allocation priorities on Slide 17. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged from the prior quarter. We intend to use our strong financial position and balance sheet flexibility to prioritize a balanced set of capital allocation priorities. These priorities include maintaining an investment-grade rating while investing to accelerate growth and consistently returning ample capital to shareholders. For 2024, we are assuming a year-end leverage ratio of approximately 2.8 times, which allows us ample flexibility to invest in the business, while increasing our share repurchase target for the year. We remain committed to paying an above-market dividend. And going forward, we will grow the dividend in line with adjusted net earnings. Reflecting our confidence in the business and our strong free cash flow generation, we are once again raising our share repurchase commitment. We now expect to repurchase at least $3.5 billion of stock in 2024, up from our prior target of at least $3 billion. And through the first two months of this year, we have already repurchased approximately $490 million of the $3.5 billion target. Lastly, we will selectively invest in complementary tuck-in M&A where we can leverage our scale and distribution to drive faster growth across strategic verticals. This balanced capital allocation framework provides a robust value proposition for long-term shareholder value creation. In total, we expect to return greater than $4 billion to shareholders in 2024, up from $1.7 billion in 2023. Now, let's move on to our 2024 outlook on Slide 18. Building on the operational and financial improvements of 2023, our '24 outlook confidently forecast accelerating revenue growth and expanding margins. We are projecting reported revenue of $10.1 billion to $10.15 billion, and this includes an adverse currency impact of around $20 million. Adjusted revenue growth will accelerate from 3% in '23 to 4% to 4.5% in 2024. Our projections include 70 basis points from closed tuck-in acquisitions. But this is mostly offset by a negative impact of 50 basis points from dis-synergies. Net of these impacts, adjusted revenue growth would be approximately 3.8% to 4.3%. We expect the Banking segment to grow between 3% to 3.5% or 3.3% to 3.8% net of acquisitions and dis-synergies, up from 2% in 2023. And we anticipate Capital Markets revenue growth of 6.5% to 7% or 5.1% to 5.6% net of acquisitions, as compared to 5% in 2023. We are forecasting year-over-year margin expansion of 20 basis points to 40 basis points, reflecting continued favorable impact from the Future Forward program and the inherent leverage in our business model. Included in this outlook is a $280 million year-over-year benefit from the Future Forward program. And this will more than offset dis-synergies from the Worldpay transaction of $250 million. We have provided our assumptions regarding the key below-the-line items with some additional details in the appendix. We are projecting D&A of $1.075 billion and we anticipate a tax rate of 17.2% to 17.5%. Interest expense is projected at around $350 million. And we expect shares outstanding of 556 million shares, a reduction of 6% compared to 2023. Including an 11-month EMI contribution of $0.69 to $0.71, we expect to deliver adjusted EPS of between $4.66 and $4.76. This translates to a growth rate of 38% to 41% on a continuing operations basis. On a normalized basis, we expect adjusted EPS to grow 5% to 7%, including a high single-digit negative impact from dis-synergies. Lastly, on a pro-forma basis, including 12 months of Worldpay EMI contribution, we anticipate adjusted EPS of $4.72 to $4.82. We are confident in our balanced outlook for 2024 and believe we are well-positioned to accelerate long-term earnings growth. Let's move now to Slide 19, where we provide a reconciliation for our 2023 results on a normalized basis. Last quarter, we provided an estimated normalized adjusted EPS range of $4.40 to $4.55. I am happy to report that both continuing ops EPS and normalized EPS came in within the guidance ranges we provided. Continuing operations EPS was $3.37, and was at the higher end of the range that we provided on the third quarter call. On a 12-month basis, normalized EPS was $4.50, and again this was toward the higher end of the range. Adjusted for an 11-month EMI contribution, 2023 normalized EPS is $4.44. Moving now to Slide 20 for an overview of our first quarter outlook. We are projecting revenue growth of 2.5% to 3.5% with Banking Solutions at 1% to 2% and Capital Markets at 6% to 7%. We expect Banking revenue growth to accelerate over the course of the year, reflecting easier year-over-year revenue comparisons and the favorable impact from stronger new sales over the second half of 2023. We are anticipating adjusted EBITDA of $955 million to $970 million, which translates to year-over-year margin expansion of 180 basis points to 200 basis points, reflecting Future Forward savings. Including an expected two-month EMI contribution of $0.09 to $0.10, we expect adjusted EPS of $0.94 to $0.97. Continuing operations EPS is projected to increase 31% to 35% and we estimate high single-digit growth on a normalized basis. In summary, we are expecting a good start to the year, with revenue growth accelerating compared to the fourth quarter and improved alignment between adjusted revenue and recurring revenue growth. Margins will expand, and this is consistent with the performance delivered in the second half of last year. Let me now wrap up on Slide 21. In closing, we are encouraged by our 2023 results and believe we are on the right path as we reposition the enterprise for long-term success. The completion of the Worldpay transaction positions both companies for future success and meaningfully improves our capital structure. We are confident FIS will deliver accelerated business growth in 2024 with adjusted revenue growth of at least 4%, and a return to consistent margin expansion. And given our confidence in how the business is performing, our improved financial flexibility and the attractive valuation of our stock, we have once again raised our total share repurchase target to at least $3.5 billion in 2024 and greater than $4 billion in total. With that, operator, could you please open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey. Thanks a lot. Good morning here. Just hoping to maybe have you comment a little further on the Banking side, just a formula for just the revenue acceleration there in the Banking segment. I know there's backlog conversion, new sales, you talked about a little bit, retention. Any call-outs there as we sketch the outlook? Thanks.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, thanks, Tien-Tsin. Yeah, we're very excited to be guiding to an accelerated total company revenue growth in 2024 as well as in Banking specifically. As we talked about last year, we came in from a recurring revenue standpoint pretty strong, but were facing some nonrecurring headwinds as we disclosed all the year. As we come into 2024, feeling really good about lapping those headwinds. So, thinking about recurring and total Banking Solutions revenue growth coming more in line together as well as the strength of that we're seeing in the back half of 2023 and into 2024 from a sales standpoint and as we think about those sales coming in and delivering on revenue in the back half of '24 and into '25. So both scenarios are helping us in terms of giving us confidence for Banking Solutions and the total company revenue growth to accelerate in 2024, which is why we feel good about what we've guided.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Good. Just my quick follow-up then. Stephanie, anything to consider with respect to M&A in the bank sector? We've been, sector-wise, getting a lot of questions on the Cap One-Discover piece, opportunities, risks? Thanks.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah. Well, first of all, I'd say in terms of Capital One-Discover, I think it's another representation of why it's really important and how people strategically value having many different assets across the fintech ecosystem, which, as you know, at FIS is critical for us in terms of thinking about issuing, payments, network, et cetera. And then, with the strategic relationship we struck with Worldpay going-forward, we'll still have access to the acquiring piece. So, I think it's a demonstration in terms of seeing why the value of having all those assets together is important. With respect to Cap One and Discover, we have very strategic relationships with both. So, we see it for us in terms of a net positive broadly across the ecosystem. TBD in terms of consolidation. We continue to see folks that would love to consolidate. We'll see what happens with the regulatory environment. But as you know, we tend to be beneficiaries of that consolidation because we tend to serve the larger financial institutions. But I'm waiting and seeing just like everybody else.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, thanks for taking my question this morning. I was wondering if you could help us think through the sort of macro assumptions in your guidance, and maybe any thoughts about the general sort of bank IT spending environment, particularly as it relates to the backlog.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. Maybe I'll start, and if James thinks I missed anything, he'll add on. But I would say broadly in terms of macro assumptions, we would say, as we come in on the payments side of our business, within the Banking business, we kept consumer spend pretty consistent in 2024 over 2023. In terms of overall Banking spend, I think we see two different things happening. I certainly think we see banks who have the opportunity to trend down on discretionary spend. They've been doing that, quite frankly, it's not a new trend. Where we see the demand continuing, and you heard me talk about it in my prepared remarks, is spend around digital to continue to enhance their ability to deliver products and services, and then, really focused around making sure that they can gather deposits. So, utilizing money -- or money movement capabilities and our payment capabilities to help them become the primary depositor for a lot of their lenders. So, I would say there is interest in spending around digital, around money movement capabilities. And then as the regulatory environment continues to heat up, always a focus around our reg tech products. So, I would say overall, IT spend in the banking sector is pretty consistent. We just continue to see it move into those categories and spending less around anything that they would consider discretionary.
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay, thank you. And I wanted also to ask about the non-recurring and professional services revenues in Banking, and I know there were some moving pieces there and some tough comps in the professional services side, I believe you called out. How should we think about the sort of timing and magnitude of the reacceleration of those parts of the business on a normalized basis? Is that the type of thing where over time it should grow around where the rest of the segment is growing? Or how should we kind of think about that?
James Kehoe: Yeah, I'll just give you maybe a way to think about it. We're not providing explicit guidance for recurring revenue, but we did say in the prepared comments, in 2024, we would expect recurring revenue to at least be equal to the adjusted revenue and probably slightly better. So, if the total company has grown X, the recurring revenue is slightly positive compared to that, so that implies that still next year, there is a slight headwind coming from the total of professional services and other non-recurring. But it's dramatically reduced compared to 2023. So, the key message for you is there's -- if you take the year as an average -- and that's the only caution I would give you, on the average of the year, recurring will be better than non-recurring. But the quarters could vary. So, all I would ask, sometimes it's a little bit choppy in a particular quarter, but overall, we're very confident in the realignment between recurring and total revenue growth.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of David Koning with Baird. Your line is open.
David Koning: Yeah. Hey guys, thanks. Nice job. And I guess my first question, a little bit like Ramsey, on recurring. So, in the first half of '23, I think you grew 3% recurring, second half about 7%, if I get that right. And now you're calling for it to come back down, maybe a little better than the 3%-ish. What was happening in the second half that was so strong in recurring and then why does it decelerate in '24?
James Kehoe: Yeah. I think if you look out, Capital Markets is generally in line. We expect almost every quarter to be in line with the full year guidance. And the recurring is just -- it's basically in line with the adjusted revenue target we provided. And then, if you look through the Banking, I think that you should look at the 7% that was in fourth quarter, and that's probably well above the trend rate, which is closer to the 3% to 4%. And you'll recall that during the course of all of 2023, Banking was in and around 3%, 3.5%. The 7% in Q4 did include an exceptionally strong payments business where it was probably 3 points ahead of the average that we were planning for the first quarter. So that gives you one delta, call it, I don't know, 130 basis points. And then, we're lapping an item in the prior-year period, which artificially depressed the prior period, call it another, I don't know, 130 basis points. So, you take the two of those out and we kind of get to -- and couple of other adjustments, we get into kind of like a real -- like a 4% if we were trying to equalize it into next year. And as I've said in the prepared comments, Banking recurring will outperform the adjusted targets. So, it was a choppy kind of 7% in the fourth quarter, not fully representative. What I will say though, the 7% does show that the business has substantial -- Banking business has substantial power to get the numbers into the territory where they need to be. We're very comfortable as we look forward to the goals on the full year.
David Koning: Great. Thank you. And just maybe a quick follow-up on -- merger integration costs came down this year, which was nice to see, I think $156 million in Q4. What do you expect that to be in 2024? And how soon are those integration costs just going to be closer to zero?
James Kehoe: Yeah, I think it's a little early to call. We've got a bunch of stuff in there. It's not -- the biggest single item is not integration costs. It's actually the Future Forward program. So, remember, we've taken out a lot of costs in the base year of '23 and more coming out in '24. Worldpay has inflated the base year and that will reduce next year, but we will still have Worldpay separation costs in '24. They will disappear in '25. What we're looking at right now is what is the long-term TAI and you've seen that we've had a fairly big dis-synergy impact. As we look forward into '25 and '26, we're thinking through what kind of programs need to be implemented to gain -- regain the efficiency that was lost post Worldpay. I think the explicit cash flow number impact of TAI next year in '24 is around [$450 million] (ph).
Stephanie Ferris: I might also add, we did a lot this year. As you know, it's showing up in the free cash flow conversion. The separation of Worldpay is pretty significant. So, there is pretty significant cost that we expect in '24 and '25 to keep that elevated. Everything else, though, we keep pulling down to deliver a higher free cash flow conversion, but not nothing to get Worldpay separated. And as we've discussed before, we expect that to take up to 24 months. So, we'll spend some pretty significant dollars to get those guys out.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Hey guys. Congrats on the closing of the Worldpay.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you.
Darrin Peller: I wanted to just start off with, first, just the margin side for a minute. Look, it looks like you raised your Future Forward savings a bit and transaction dis-synergies also were raised, and yet I think your margin, you said, is expecting 20 to 40 bps on a continuing operations basis. Maybe just talk a little bit about the underlying margin assumptions and the underlying trajectory of operating leverage that you see in this business going forward, if you don't mind, for really both segments and the company overall.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah. I think we were -- I'll start and then maybe James can add in. I think we -- as you guys know, we've been really, really focused on driving and outperforming our Future Forward program. We're extraordinarily pleased with how that's been going and we -- and really were expect -- were pushing it in to be the culture of the company versus a program that ends. So, really pushed on that hard and [we're able] (ph) to deliver an increased expectation for that both in '23 and '24, which as we said is going to offset any dis-synergy. I think as we think about go-forward margins, we would expect that there should be natural margin expansion in the business, especially as we shift the sales from less technology-enabled sales into the higher technology-enabled sales. And so as we do that, specifically in the Banking Solutions business, you would expect to see Banking Solutions margins naturally expand with that mix expansion. I think we've talked about Capital Markets in terms of being pretty consistent. We really want to drive organic growth there, and I think squeezing anymore margin out of them will ultimately, over time, hurt their overall organic growth. So, I would expect that to be more flattish as we think about out in that -- out past '24. But I think we'd really probably punt on this question, Darrin, until Investor Day to give you a more clean view of how we think about margins going past 2024.
James Kehoe: Yeah. But we did say, Darrin, in the prepared comments that we -- this is a return to consistent margin expansion over time. So, you can imply that some of the businesses will deliver, which together with Future Forward will give consistent improvement. And obviously, we'll spend a fair amount of time at Investor Day, bringing you through the growth algorithm, top-line growth and margin expansion. You have seen as well the Banking is really executing strongly against Future Forward and the margins are very, very strong, and as Stephanie said, probably Capital Markets, but I want to emphasize, both businesses -- if you read through the comments, both businesses are growing margins in 2024.
Darrin Peller: This is just a bit of a -- that's helpful guys. This is just a bit of a follow-up to Tien-Tsin's question. But maybe if you could provide any more KPIs really that's providing further strength, what's supporting the strength of Capital Markets? And then, even Banking, what can give us more confidence that this recurring revenue growth rate now is going to be sustainable? What are the driving forces? A little more detail would be great. And I'll turn it back to the queue.
James Kehoe: It's actually coming from the total addressable market and I think this is probably the number one topic for Investor Day which is, we will present the breakup -- break the makeup of each of the businesses and what's the relative growth in the TAM. And Capital Markets, for example is -- right now, the TAM is in or about the ex-acquisition number at about 5%. So it's got -- you've got a favorable tailwind coming from, you're in very, very attractive verticals in the market and they are actually at the same time expanding into new verticals. So, we'll bring you on the journey on Capital Markets because we know people have a bunch of questions on it, but it's supported by TAM and -- total addressable market, and expansion into new TAM. And we have very, very good line-of-sight to support the guidance number we've provided for '24.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks, guys. I wanted to ask about free cash flow conversion and CapEx assumptions for 2024, and then, if you can just make broader comments around the 2024 guidance. Obviously, after the outperformance in '23, are there any elements of conservatism in that overall '24 outlook, either from a top- or bottom-line standpoint?
James Kehoe: I'll cover the free cash flow conversion. We had a tremendous year this year. But sometimes you are a victim of your own success. We drove massive benefits from Future Forward. And mostly with -- when you capture benefits on free cash flow, they're one-time in nature. So, the question is what can we achieve in Future Forward next year. We would probably say that if you take out all the noise, the continuing ops cash flow was in the high-80%s to low-90%s in 2023. And we would forecast somewhere in the region of 85% to 90% free cash flow conversion. So, we're taking it up compared to the in-going position in 2023 of 80%. Now, we're looking at 85% to 90%. And depending on how we can manage our net working capital going forward, the long-term outlook could even be a little bit better than that. So, we're just -- bear in mind, we've just spun off part of the company. We're working through how much cash do we need in the business. We're working through working capital programs. So, 85% and 90% for 2024, and it's probably closer to the 90%, if you look into '25 and '26. And the second part of your question was...
Stephanie Ferris: CapEx and guidance. Yeah, I think on the CapEx side...
Jason Kupferberg: Any elements of conservatism -- yeah. Thanks.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah. On the CapEx side, I think we feel really good. We brought it down as you know from a high at one point of 10% last year. I think we brought it down to 9%. We're expecting it to come down 1 point, probably sits in the 7% to 8% range as we think about continuing to invest in the business. With respect to guidance, I think what we would say, Jason, is we're thrilled with our ability to hit and become just much more consistent in terms of what we guide and meeting expectations. We thought it was really important and we're thrilled to be able to talk about an acceleration of revenue from 2023 to 2024, and we're guiding consistently with how we have historically and continue to be transparent and credible.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Dan Dolev: Hey, guys. Great to see the guiding for acceleration in '24, nice job. A quick question -- like a question on backlog, like it was negative, flat, positive, negative, how do we connect it with the organic growth guide? Is there like a good sort of mapping that we can do to make sense out of it? Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, great question. So, look, I think in terms of backlog, it came in about $23 billion in fourth quarter, accelerating out of September, the third quarter, of $22.2 billion, so felt really good about that. Flat with December of 2022, so $23 billion to $23 billion. I think as we come into Investor Day, we're going to look to give you better KPIs than this backlog number. As you know, it's a fairly complicated accounting number. I think what we would say is, it's consistent, it's large and it's durable and supportive of the adjusted growth rate revenues we've been giving you. But we would look to give you something a little bit more aligned and helping you understand how it compares specifically to the guide. We've been stuck with this backlog number as you know from historical pieces. And there's just a lot that goes into it as it's a technical accounting number. But I would say broadly, again, thinking about it, came in around the $23 billion number accelerating off of September, the third quarter, and so feeling very good about it as it goes into 2024. But we'd love to give you something different and a little bit more meaningful as we come into Investor Day.
Dan Dolev: Yeah, that's super helpful. And maybe, Stephanie, quick follow-up for you. On FedNow, you mentioned that we're kind of maybe six months in. Like, have you seen any changes or beginning of changes, any meaningful behavior changes in how FedNow is implemented? That'd be it. Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah. I think as I said, we're seeing a large amount of pipelines. There's a large demand from FIs and banks across the universe for it. I think the challenge for it is how it becomes adopted down-market and in the underlying customers of those banks. But the banks are definitely focused on enabling it and having it in their quiver in terms of things that they can offer in terms of money movement. TBD in terms of the underlying business moves and whether it becomes adopted faster than other ways to move money in the ecosystem. I think that remains to be played out.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Vasu Govil with KBW. Your line is open.
Vasu Govil: Hi, thanks for taking my questions and all the good detail today. I guess just my first one, Stephanie, you talked a little bit about the new sales momentum. Maybe you could talk a little bit more about where you're seeing traction between the two segments. And then, within the segments, whether it's more core wins, more cross-sells, just some more color there would be super helpful.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah. No, happy to. So, I think in the new sales momentum, where, as you know, we shifted, specifically, the team, so that they would sell more of our technology-enabled solutions. So, where I'm seeing momentum is really in the digital space and in the money movement space. So, as you think about what banks are focused on doing in order for them to deliver their products and solutions, the digital capabilities they have, whether it's mobile, online, teller, et cetera, all need to be in sync and refreshed. And there's a lot of demand there. So, seeing a lot of demand for our Digital One Studio, our Digital One business capabilities as banks are really looking to gather deposits. So, the digital capabilities are in high demand. And then, as they -- as banks think about really want to being the primary deposit account for those loans they've gathered over the last 10 years, they want -- they need to make sure that they have the right money movement capabilities to deliver to be that primary bank. And so, we are seeing a lot of demand in digital and payments. I would say in Capital Markets -- and spent a little bit of time talking about this in the prepared remarks, I think we're seeing demand, really, across all three of our subsegments. Thinking about securities and processing, we've talked about our Clear Derivatives solution. It continues to be a market-leading solution, even outside the traditional broker dealers. So that's been in high demand. Our commercial lending technology solutions really are getting adopted even outside the traditional financial institutions. So, if you're a sophisticated financial services corporate, so we talked a lot about auto dealers and other large, sophisticated financial services, they need a lot of capabilities. They are seeing high demand there. And then treasury. Our treasury solution is best of breed, and we see folks adopting that across the corporate landscape. And then, the other place that we're seeing a ton of demand is in overall ESG. We have a fantastic ESG product. Every company that's an SEC registrant company needs to have some sort of ESG reporting capability. So, see a lot of demand there.
Vasu Govil: That's super helpful. And then just a quick follow-up for James. I think normalized EPS, if you exclude dis-synergies, is roughly low-teens. Is that a good way to think about the future trend line, all else equal? And if you could also give us something on just the timing of how we should model these dis-synergies to flow through the year?
James Kehoe: Well, I think we said it's 5% to 7%, but it's absorbing a significant dis-synergy impact. The reason why -- so I wouldn't necessarily add the two together to project forward, because we've really ramped up Future Forward this year to help offset the dis-synergies. And I think the level of -- obviously, next year, there's no year-on-year dis-synergy impact, but the level of contribution from Future Forward will go down from current levels. Let's just wait till Investor Day. We want to bring you through a detailed walk on the earnings power of each business, the revenue growth, the total addressable markets, the margin potential, and we'll come up with the algorithm together in a short couple of months.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have time for one final question, and that will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thanks. Hey, Stephanie. Hey, James. Good to hear from you. Stephanie, it was good to see you on stage with Charles Drucker...
Stephanie Ferris: Thanks, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: [indiscernible] sales conference. I guess, speaking of sales conference, right, you've mentioned in your comments, redirection of the sales force towards higher-yielding products and such. Is it primarily redirection or are you adding to the sales force? Could you give us some flavor of what's going on with sales count, sales quotas and so on?
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah. So, it's really all of the above. So, we took a look at how we were compensating the sales force and -- at the beginning of last year, and all dollars at that point were considered equal. And so, what we did was change the incentive comp sales so that the higher-margin products would be compensated higher and specifically with respect to recurring revenue. That took hold in the beginning of last year. And we're seeing the transition of those sales from the lower margin to the higher margin. In fact, I think over time from '22 to '23, we saw an 80 basis point increase in the mix of low-margin to high-margin. So, we're definitely seeing it. I think the other thing that we did at the beginning of last year was really look at productivity across our sales teams and did a pretty significant look at how we wanted -- what the sales productivity metrics we were expecting. Again, from the beginning, the first half of '23 to the back half of '23, saw some pretty significant increases in productivity. In terms of overall number of salespeople, I think that, in general, we would say they're same number, but I think we are seeing better output because of productivity and then as well as a result of higher margin. So, that's what giving us some confidence as we think about the back half of '24 and '25 as those sales start to come in and get delivered into the P&L.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And then, James, just more granularity on cadence by segment, you provided obviously on the Cap Market side, but on both Banking and how we should model out the equity line with regards to just sort of quarter-over-quarter as we think of the four quarters, that would be helpful from a modeling perspective.
James Kehoe: Yeah. As I said, the revenue on Capital Markets will be pretty consistent each of the quarters. And Banking is on an upward trend as the sales pick up in the second half, based on second half '23 performance. As you look at the NCI contribution, bear in mind that the first quarter is the lowest quarter and it's only got two months in there. And we actually called out that one month in the first quarter is equivalent to $0.06. So, you could kind of work out the first quarter. I think, in terms of the build go-forward, I think the only guidance I could give you is maybe to treat the other quarters pretty equally. I'm not really now prepared. We don't want to give guidance beyond the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you all for participating. This concludes today's program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the FIS third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star-one-one on your telephone. You will then hear an automated message advising your hand is raised. To withdraw your question, please press star-one-one again. Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, George Mihalos, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos: Thank you Abigail. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today for the FIS third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. This call is being webcast. Today’s news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are available on our website at fisglobal.com.  With me on the call this morning are Stephanie Ferris, our CEO and President, and James Kehoe, our CFO. Stephanie will lead the call with a strategic and operational update, followed by James reviewing our financial results and providing forward guidance.  Today’s remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share, and free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information the GAAP financial information is presented in our earnings release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Stephanie.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you George, and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Let me start by saying it’s an honor and a privilege to lead this very talented team, who are collectively building the future of FIS.  I am pleased to report that we had another strong quarter executing on both our financial and operational commitments. This is our third straight quarter of solid financial results, once again meeting or exceeding the high end of our revenue and adjusted EBITDA outlook and delivering strong free cash flow conversion. We have taken decisive actions to transform FIS over the past year with growing predictability of meeting or exceeding our targets and expanding margins with measurable impact from our Future Forward program. The Worldpay separation and our Future Forward execution repositions FIS into a company with a strong balance sheet, which enables us to both invest in growth and increase capital return to shareholders while at the same time reduces exposure to macro consumer trends. Post the Worldpay transaction, FIS will be a global enterprise software leader positioned for a resilient, recurring revenue growth aided by beneficial secular trends, a marquee set of global clients, and best-in-class products and solutions, which will all accelerate profitable revenue growth. The FIS of the future builds on our strong foundation, repositioning the company as a cloud-based enterprise software-as-a-service provider, servicing the world’s most complex financial institutions and capital markets participants. This enables us to expand into new client segments as well as into new faster growing verticals. All of this leads to confidence in our current year outlook, our future prospects and our plan to drive long term shareholder value.  Our confidence is further reinforced by positive momentum we are seeing across a number of key leading indicators. First, we continued to deliver steady recurring revenue growth, which extends our visibility and serves as a foundation for sustainable revenue growth. Second, our sales pipeline is robust and new customer engagement is strong. We are seeing an increase in sales force productivity, an increasing pipeline of high margin opportunities, and a strong transition from one-time to recurring revenue as we take advantage of both market demand as well as secular trends. Finally, the traction that we are getting by bringing many of our clients live on our new platforms, like Modern Banking Platform, Digital One, and risk management solutions, is driving positive future momentum. Given our confidence in the business and the attractive valuation of our stock, we are resuming share repurchases in the fourth quarter, increasing our total share repurchase goal to at least $3.5 billion by year end 2024.  Let’s turn now to a discussion of our quarterly results. Moving to Slide 6, we delivered another strong quarter of financial results with broad-based outperformance relative to our prior outlook. The outperformance was driven by strong organic revenue growth of 4% led by 7% recurring revenue growth in the combined banking and capital markets segment and from profitability improvements driven by our Future Forward program. We continue to generate strong free cash flow and are on track to exceed our 2023 free cash flow conversion target of greater than 80% for the year. Year to date, free cash flow conversion is a very strong 94%. This is well ahead of our full year target as efficiency efforts related to Future Forward continued to cascade through the business. Our teams are continuing to move with quality, speed and a high sense of urgency, accelerating our path forward.  Turning to Slide 7, we are making significant strides in transforming FIS. Our Worldpay separation remains on track to close in the first quarter of 2024. Since our last earnings call, FIS and Worldpay have achieved several important milestones necessary to advance the separation. We are very pleased with the success of the recent $8.7 billion Worldpay debt raise. The strong demand evidenced by the upsizing of the debt offering at favorable rates secures the committed financing required to close the deal. Looking ahead, we are looking towards securing the necessary regulatory approvals to close the transaction and finalizing terms around commercial agreements. Moving to Future Forward, we are on track to deliver on all of our commitments, including $1 billion in total savings across the enterprise by year end 2024. The program is sharpening our focus on innovating and delivering best-in-class solutions and products to markets faster, simplifying our go-to-market approach, and improving client experiences. This in turn is driving improved new sales momentum. Turning to Slide 8, FIS is uniquely positioned as the leading software solutions provider to the most demanding and complex financial institutions globally, and while recognized as the provider of choice for large FIs and regional banks, our next generation offerings are increasingly resonating with a broader base of clients who have increased financial services needs. This includes leading multi-national corporates, insurance companies, leading global fintechs and neo banks. We have developed a full suite of cloud-based, componentized enterprise solutions delivered via a SaaS offering.  Over this past year, we’ve focused significant efforts on bringing these solutions to market across our four digital and issuing platforms. As a result, our next generation core banking solution, Modern Banking Platform, is now live with a number of Tier 1 financial institutions and fintechs. This includes a new digital savings platform for BMO in the U.S., a digital interest-bearing deposit account product for PayPal, and a deposit account for SMBC group member, Manufacturer Bank’s new digital banking division, Jenius Bank. Looking ahead to 2024, we expect three more Tier 1 banks to go live with MBP offerings as part of a broader, multi-year core modernization effort.  We are equally excited about the prospects for our Digital One and Payment One solutions, bringing enhanced front end digital experiences and complex issuer processing capabilities to the most demanding financial institutions. Our overall vision for our enterprise core platforms is to leverage the full value of our open architecture and robust APIs going forward, eliminating mass conversion complexity. This creates an open environment that speeds the FIS product and development flywheel to bring new capabilities to our clients with increased flexibility. In capital markets, we are seeing strong tailwinds across the business, a function of both increased wallet share and faster growth in non-traditional verticals. As the leading global provider of treasury and risk solutions, capital markets is benefiting from several secular trends. These include increased regulatory mandates, climate and environmental risk demands in verticals such as insurance and asset management, and growth in lending from non-bank providers. Turning to Slide 9, I am very encouraged by our sales momentum during the third quarter and pleased to announce several marquee wins across our banking and capital markets segments. Beginning with the enterprise core platforms, FIS was selected by Provident Bank to drive the bank’s core modernization going forward. In digital, we had several wins in the quarter, including Origin Bank selecting our Digital One suite over the offerings of notable disruptors. We also had a particularly strong quarter in payments and networks as money movement remains front and center for banks, fintechs and corporates. Sales of the NYCE network accelerated in the third quarter with notable signings of several leading retailers, restaurants and fintechs. Lastly, while still early days, we are encouraged by the interest we are seeing related to the roll-out of FedNow, where we currently have over 190 clients in our pipeline, up from 116 clients just last quarter. Moving to capital markets, during the quarter we had a number of impressive wins, including new or expanded engagements with some of the largest financial services providers in the world. We recently signed a long term extension for our industry-leading derivatives clearing solution with a top five U.S. financial institution. We also signed our largest contract ever for our private equity fund accounting software to a leading global investor services company. Demand for risk tools was strong across all geographies and verticals. Our FIS enterprise risk suite continues to gain traction with global investment banks and broker dealers, especially in the growing insurance vertical with new sales to several leading U.S. and international clients. Overall, we are encouraged by the level and quality of engagement that we are seeing across the enterprise. Moving to Slide 10, during the third quarter, our differentiated solutions received a number of prominent industry accolades. First, leading research and advisory firm, Celent, recognized three of FIS’ core offerings with awards in advanced technology, customer base, and breadth of functionality. Our industry-leading treasury solutions were recognized by leading advisory firm, IDC and several industry publications. We were delighted to see that our solutions are not only resonating with clients but also with leading experts and influential advisory firms in the industry. Turning to Slide 11, over the course of the year we have been moving with a high sense of urgency to improve the performance of the business, free cash flow, and capital allocation. We’ve set a new agenda to ensure that clients are at the center of everything that we do to innovate across our portfolio with next-gen solutions. We’ve made significant progress delivering our financial and strategic commitments to date. The separation of Worldpay affords us the benefit of substantial upfront proceeds, which creates immediate capital allocation flexibility for us to accelerate capital return to shareholders while investing in growth. We’re excited about the outcome that this strategic transaction drives and remain confident in the underlying strength of our business and sustainable operating model going forward. We look forward to hosting all of you at our FIS investor day in the second quarter of 2024. With that, I’d like to introduce James Kehoe, our new CFO, who brings decades of experience navigating the dynamic financial environment and managing its aspects unique to large international organizations.  I will now turn the call over to James.
James Kehoe: Thank you Stephanie, and good morning. I’m delighted to be here, and I look forward to meeting with all of you in the near future. As noted in our earnings release, as of the third quarter we have transitioned the Worldpay business into discontinued operations. Going forward, our ongoing FIS financials will be presented on a continuing operations basis; however, for this quarter we will also present some of our metrics on a total company basis, and this will allow you to compare to our prior total company outlook. Continuing operations now reflects two principal operating segments: banking and capital markets, as well as the corporate and other segment.  As you review the split between continuing operations and discontinued operations, I would note that the continuing operations income statement understates the true earnings power of FIS. For example, the continuing operations financial results do not yet include the EPS contribution from our 45% equity stake in Worldpay, nor does it include the significant EPS upside from the deployment of the Worldpay net cash proceeds, including the planned debt reduction of approximately $9 billion and share repurchases of at least $3.5 billion through 2024. Taken together, these items will have a meaningful impact on EPS and we estimate like-for-like earnings power of around $4.40 to $4.55 for 2023. Let’s now move to our third quarter results. As Stephanie mentioned in her prepared remarks, we are pleased with our performance in the third quarter, and it is the third consecutive quarter of meeting or exceeding the high end of our outlook. Including Worldpay, total company revenue increased 2% on an organic basis to $3.7 billion, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 44.2% and adjusted EPS of $1.65. The adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 50 basis points year-over-year, 20 basis points above the high end of our expectations driven by strong incremental margins on our recurring revenue and continued benefits from Future Forward. This marks the first year-over-year EBITDA margin improvement since the fourth quarter of 2021 and we expect continued year-over-year margin improvement in the fourth quarter. On a continuing operations basis, revenue increased 4% organically to $2.5 billion, led by strong growth in recurring revenue across both banking and capital markets. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 70 basis points year-over-year to 43%, led by strong margin gains in banking. Adjusted EPS for continuing operations was $0.94 in the quarter, a decline of 7% compared to prior year, and this was entirely due to higher interest costs. For discontinued operations, which reflects our merchant segment, revenue decreased 1% organically to $1.2 billion, and this was broadly in line with our expectations for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 30 basis points to 46.8%, reflecting continued Future Forward efficiencies, and adjusted EPS came in at $0.71. Moving now to cash flow and balance sheet metrics, we continue to drive improvements across multiple vectors. Capital expenditures were reduced 5% year-over-year to $298 million or 8% of revenue, as we continued to optimize and prioritize investments. We generated strong free cash flow of $907 million, resulting in a free cash flow conversion of 92% for the quarter and 94% year-to-date. This compares very favorably to our prior target of greater than 80% free cash flow conversion. Lastly, we reduced our total debt by approximately $800 million to $18.7 billion, yielding a leverage ratio of three times while also returning over $300 million to shareholders.  Turning now to our segment results on Slide 15, recurring revenue increased 7% with strength across both banking and capital markets, and this led to organic revenue growth of 4% for the quarter. Backlog was $22.5 billion, increasing 2% compared to the prior year, reflecting improved sales execution. Banking revenue grew 3% organically in the quarter and recurring revenue grew 7%, including a benefit of approximately 4 percentage points as a result of an outsized contribution from servicing federally funded pandemic relief programs. Pandemic relief had little impact on the banking growth rates in the first half of 2023, but the third quarter results did exceed our expectations. As anticipated, we saw declines in professional services and other non-recurring revenue of 18% and 11% respectively. These declines reflected difficult year-over-year comparison in license revenue and lower customization projects in professional services. Banking EBITDA margin expanded 120 basis points to 44.6%, primarily driven by Future Forward cost initiatives. Capital markets revenue increased 6% organically, led by continued strong recurring revenue growth of 8%. Consistent with our year-to-date trend, professional services revenue decreased 8% as we continued to shift to recurring revenue engagement, while other non-recurring revenue increased 13% due to higher license revenue. Capital markets adjusted EBITDA margin contracted 80 basis points to 49%, mostly reflecting the timing of operating expenses.  Turning now to the outlook for 2023 on Slide 16, this chart provides an outlook for the total enterprise prior to implementing accounting for discontinued operations. We are raising our revenue and adjusted EBITDA outlook ranges to reflect continued strong operational results and good visibility around fourth quarter trends. Total company revenue is now projected at $14.6 billion to $14.65 billion, including an adverse currency impact of $25 million. On a constant currency basis, we are increasing the lower end of the range by $125 million and the higher end of the range by $44 million.  As we close out the year, we are narrowing our ranges for segment growth. In banking, we are narrowing our outlook to 1.3% to 1.7%, in line with our prior expectations. For capital markets, we now anticipate organic revenue growth of approximately 5% to 5.5%, primarily due to an expected shift in license fees into 2024. Lastly, we’ve improved our merchant segment outlook to account for recent performance. As expected, this implied a slight deceleration in organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter for both banking and capital markets, reflecting difficult year-over-year comparisons related to non-recurring revenue headwinds. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter, we anticipate a five-point headwind in capital markets as we lap a very strong year-ago quarter for license revenue. However, consistent with the trends we have seen all year, we do anticipate another solid quarter of recurring revenue growth with approximately 3% growth in banking and 7% growth in capital markets. We are also increasing our adjusted EBITDA range to $6.1 billion to $6.15 billion, reflecting higher revenues and improved EBITDA margin. In summary, we are raising our full year outlook to reflect continued outperformance and a favorable future outlook.  Turning now to Slide 17, where we are providing updated assumptions regarding the Worldpay transaction, we now anticipate net proceeds of more than $12 billion, an increase of approximately $300 million compared to our prior estimate. Obviously we will provide a final net proceeds number once the transaction closes. As previously disclosed, the proceeds will be used to transform our capital structure by significantly de-levering the balance sheet while simultaneously returning capital to shareholders. Overall, we anticipate reducing gross debt to approximately $10 billion, leading to a significant reduction in interest costs post transaction. As we get more visibility into net cash proceeds and continue to deliver strong cash conversion, we are now comfortable reinstituting share repurchases of approximately $500 million by year end. Today, we are increasing the targeted share repurchases from $2.5 billion to at least $3.5 billion by the end of 2024, and we will continue to assess additional capacity throughout the year. We will accomplish this share repurchase goal while still remaining comfortably within our targeted leverage ratios. We expect full year 2023 D&A of approximately $1 billion on a continuing operations basis, and you should assume growth of 8% to 10% in 2024 as past capital investments flow through the income statement. Some good news on tax rate - we now anticipate an effective tax rate of 17% to 18%, down 200 to 300 basis points compared to the 19% to 21% we communicated previously. We continue to expect incremental Future Forward savings of $215 million in 2024 and our forecast for adjusted EBITDA dis-synergies remains approximately $200 million in 2024. Finally, we can confirm that we will report the after-tax earnings from our 45% stake in Worldpay within our adjusted net earnings and adjusted EPS, and will include this in our 2024 outlook.  Turning now to our outlook for continuing operations on Slide 18, the left-hand side of this chart lays out our 2023 outlook for continuing operations, excluding Worldpay. This results in an adjusted of $3.30 to $3.40; however, as I noted earlier, the 2023 continuing operations income statement does not accurately reflect the true earnings power of FIS. A good example is interest expense - the continuing operations interest expense is burdened with the entire interest expense of FIS with no interest expense allocated to discontinued operations. This artificially depresses the earnings of continuing operations. Shifting to the right side of the chart, let’s discuss the earnings power of FIS. Worldpay NCI adds approximately $0.60 to $0.65 of adjusted EPS on a full year 2023 basis, and the deployment of the Worldpay transaction proceeds would add $0.65 as we meaningfully reduce interest expense and share count. These benefits are modestly offset by a higher tax rate. Overall, this leads to a normalized 2023 EPS of $4.40 to $4.55. We will provide our outlook for 2024 revenue and adjusted EBITDA during our fourth quarter earnings call. Switching gears now to Future Forward, on a continuing operations basis, we delivered approximately $55 million of year-to-date savings. This year, we anticipate $100 million of in-period savings and expect to exit the year with run rate benefits of $200 million. This aligns with our expectation of $215 million of year-over-year benefit to 2024 adjusted EBITDA, and we will provide quarterly updates through the life of the program. Overall, we continue to anticipate $1 billion of total cash savings across all three categories of cash optimization.  Moving now to our capital allocation priorities on Slide 20, post the Worldpay transaction, FIS will be in a very strong position with significant balance sheet flexibility and a balanced set of capital allocation priorities. We will prioritize investments to accelerate revenue and EPS growth while returning ample capital to shareholders over time. We will target a strong balance sheet and maintain investment-grade credit ratings. Given our strong free cash flow generation and predictable revenue streams, we are reiterating our long term gross leverage range of 2.5 to 3 times adjusted EBITDA. We intend to maintain a competitive dividend and we will grow the dividend in line with adjusted net earnings. We will selectively invest in M&A, targeting smaller complementary but highly synergistic targets where we can leverage our tremendous scale and distribution to drive faster growth across strategic verticals.  As mentioned earlier, we will deploy excess capital for share repurchases and, going forward, we anticipate that share repurchases will be a key element of our value proposition to shareholders. We are convinced that this balanced capital allocation framework provides a robust value proposition for long term shareholder value creation. In closing, let me say again how excited I am to be joining the FIS team during this time of transformation. I believe we are on the right path to unlock meaningful shareholder value as we reposition the enterprise for long term success. As you have seen, this quarter marks the third consecutive quarter of delivering on our financial commitments with results at or above the high end of our outlook. As such, we are confident in increasing our total company outlook for the year.  We have also introduced an outlook for 2023 continuing operations in line with our prior expectations, and lastly, given the confidence in how the business is performing, our improved financial flexibility and the attractive valuation of our stock, we are reinstituting share repurchases with approximately $500 million in the third quarter, and we are raising the total buyback to at least $3.5 billion through 2024. With that, Operator, would you please open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. At this time we’ll conduct a question and answer session. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, good morning Stephanie, and welcome James. I wanted to ask about continuing operations adjusted EBITDA margins as we move past the Worldpay sale next year. The F23 outlook on Slide 18 shows lower EBITDA margins than we’ve seen year-to-date in banking and capital markets. I’m just wondering if you could help us think through what the normalized margins in the business will look like once we get past the sale.
James Kehoe: Yes, I think it’s fair that we really don’t want to get into giving any guidance for 2024 on this call; however, I would give you some information based on communications previously. One is Future Forward - this has been an incredible success year to date, and frankly, it’s just gaining momentum. You’ve seen $55 million of savings year-to-date ramping up to $100 million in the full year, so that’s the benefit in the current year, and the run rate exiting the year is $200 million, so I think you can be quite comfortable on margin improvements over time across the business on continuing operations. I did say in my prepared comments, maybe I’ll just re-emphasize that, I hope you noted from my comments that we said we will increase EBITDA margins on continuing ops in the fourth quarter.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it, okay. A follow-up from me, you’ve increased your buyback target, it looks like capex as a percentage of revenues is trending in the right direction. Is there an opportunity to return additional capital beyond what you’ve already laid out?
James Kehoe: I think I’d wait until the year-end call, and as Stephanie said, we’re also going to do an investor day sometime in April. Between now and then, we’ll get more visibility on our 2024 plan and our long term plants. We have scenarios already, quite detailed ones. I think I would point to the way we laid this out - we said at least $3.5 billion, so the short answer to your question is there is probably more capacity based on the continued strength of free cash flow delivery, which is coming in well ahead of our expectations, so. In short, yes, but we’re going to monitor it and we’re not going to over-promise anything here.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it. Thank you very much, appreciate it.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thanks so much, good morning. James, I’d love to hear a little bit more on what attracted you to join FIS, what your priorities and focus areas might be as you come in here, and how your prior experience can be leveraged here at FIS, what can we expect, that kind of thing. Thank you.
James Kehoe: Well, what I said internally, I joined for the three Ps because I like to keep things relatively simple. I think it was passion, so when Stephanie first interviewed me, I sensed the passion and the drive to really change the company. Two was the people I met in the interview process, the leadership team, these people that will drive the company to success, and then the last one was potential. I know you wanted, we definitely wanted the share price to increase, and I looked at it and I think the plans we have are incredibly compelling, and I joined for the potential of the future. What can I bring? Well, I tell you, I’m 10 weeks in and I’ve spent an awful lot of time in accounting, and I’m not actually an accountant, but I have gone through discontinued operations and I can tell you, this is absorbing an incredible amount of time, the Worldpay transaction, the accounting behind it. I’ve put a lot of energy and focus into capital allocation priorities and how do we clarify a lot of the previous communication around Worldpay and around capital allocation priorities. But looking forward, I think just my personal goals are to engage more with the investor groups, and then too is the 2024 and beyond plans, what are the business plans, are they credible, how do we generate more cash from the business, and then how do we ensure that we have a balanced capital allocation framework, and that was the key word in what I present - it’s balance. I think we need this correct balance between how do you grow the business organically, inorganically, but also returning sufficient capital to shareholders, and I think the current set of communications achieves that. Is there more we can do over the next 12 to 18 months? The answer is yes, and Stephanie and I are intensely focused on this.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Good, glad to hear, and welcome to the call.  As my follow-up, I thought I’d ask just a little bit about--I think you both mentioned good visibility, so as we go into the fourth quarter, I know that sometimes [indiscernible] mixed with license sales, so just the danger of us using the fourth quarter outlook to inform our ’24 growth expectations. I know you’re not going to give us ’24 numbers per se, but I just wanted to separate the license from the recurring piece, so anything else to say there? I know the backlog was up 2%, but just want to make sure we’re getting all the puts and takes right.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, thanks for the question, Tien-Tsin. I would say absolutely, if you think about the strength in what we continue to lean into all year, and as well in the fourth quarter, is the strength of recurring revenue both in banking solutions and capital markets. I think James mentioned in his prepared remarks, we’re expecting recurring revenue in banking in the fourth quarter to be 3%, capital markets 7%, so a lot of strong recurring revenue growth. We would expect to see that continue as you think about 2024. There is some lumpiness in the non-recurring lines - he mentioned, if you recall last year, capital markets had a very large one-time license renewal that drove a significant growth rate in the fourth quarter of last year, so we’re lapping that.  I agree - would not over-pivot in terms of reading the non-recurring headwinds in fourth quarter into 2024. I think as we think about 2024 and reflecting on 2023, we talked about strong recurring revenue growth but having some headwinds coming into 2023 around non-recurring. I would expect as we move into 2024, those headwinds to dissipate, and so to James’ point, while we won’t give 2024 guidance on this call, we will certainly look to it on the fourth quarter call. Do not see those headwinds recurring in 2024, so would really hope that everyone would lean into the strong recurring revenue growth trends we’re seeing across the board in banking and capital markets, and those would be the expected trends as we move into 2024 from a recurring standpoint.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Perfect, that’s useful. Thank you for that.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James Faucette: Thank you very much. Just wanted to follow up on Tien-Tsin’s question there generally, and more specifically at capital markets - it was up 7%. Can you talk about what drove that specifically? Was it some of these non-recurring items? I’m just trying to get a handle on how we should think about growth in that segment on a go-forward basis.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, so capital markets has been trending very strong recurring revenue growth all year. We would expect that to continue. The trends underpinning that are both sales increasing within existing wallet share, so selling more to existing clients, as well as being able to sell our products and services into non-traditional verticals that have a lot of faster growth, so think insurance, asset management, auto finance. There’s a lot of secular trends there that are driving growth and demand, including regulatory mandates, climate and ESG, so really expect capital markets recurring revenue growth to continue to trend very strong. Don’t see any change in those growth rates as we think about the recurring side of the business here in the fourth quarter or as we go into 2024. I do think--you know, as you know, capital markets has historically had very lumpy non-recurring numbers when the licenses do come up for renewals. It is a timing related thing, so in the fourth quarter of last year, if you recall, there was one very large license that we signed in the fourth quarter, so that’s really what’s driving a total capital markets revenue number in the fourth quarter a little bit down, but the recurring revenue growth continues to be strong, driven by high demand.
James Faucette: Got it. Maybe just a more broad question, and Tien-Tsin once again kind of touched on one of the most recent metrics, but given the nature of RemainCo on a go-forward basis, how should we think about measuring performance in new bookings and signings in the banking segment, or maybe more generally? Is backlog growth the right number, and what are some of the nuances that we should keep in mind over the next six to 12 months, especially since some of these larger deals have been taking longer to close?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, I think that’s a great question. I think as we look to come into investor day, we’ll attempt to give you some different key performance indicators around sales. We were feeling good about the backlog going up 2% year-over-year, but I’d give you a little bit more color. Market demand across the board for our solutions is strong, both in banking and capital markets. As you know, we started the year with a transformation of our sales force, really re-focusing them on selling higher margin technology-enabled solutions, so all the investments we’ve made in making sure that we sell more of those versus the lower margin, we’re seeing that really start to take root. Our sales pipeline has gone up 10% on a year-over-year basis as we’ve looked to rebuild that pipeline with a different mix. We’ve seen increased sales productivity this quarter, think of that same store sales growth within sellers is up 12% year-over-year, and then overall our quality of sales has improved as the margin contribution from new sales has improved 50 BPs. We’re really starting to see some strong growth in sales, albeit remember the goal here is to sell more recurring, and so it will be a bit of time before those show up in the P&L. But the actual sales themselves are starting to take root, and we’re cautiously optimistic as we move into fourth quarter and 2024.
James Faucette: Thanks so much for the color there, Stephanie.
Stephanie Ferris: You bet.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Dave Koning with Baird. Your line is open. Dave Koning with Baird - Dave, your line is open. One moment for our next question.  Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to make sure we’re all on the same page with the Q4 organic growth numbers - I know you gave an update on the full year. I guess it looks like, just backing into it, banking could be down a little bit year-over-year and capital markets up a little bit year-over-year. Just want to verify if that’s right, and what would be driving the decel on the banking side in Q4, and are you assuming any material benefits continue from that federal pandemic relief program?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, thanks for the clarification. Banking, I would say is more flattish fourth quarter. I think we talked about recurring continuing strong growth in the 3% range, and so that, as we expected, has been an issue all year, the non-recurring coming in and really being what’s driving the recurring from 3% down to flattish in the fourth quarter. Again, wouldn’t over-pivot on that as we think about 2024, would really encourage you to think about 2024 recurring and a lot of that non-recurring headwind to abate.  Capital markets, slight up - yes, as we said. I think we talked about recurring in the fourth quarter of 7%. If you recall last year, Jason, we had a one-time capital markets license, I think it drove about five percentage points of growth last year, so we’re growing over that. The fourth quarter numbers as well overall are softer, they’re driven by non-recurring items that we wanted to be transparent around, and the recurring continues to be strong and we would expect those headwinds to abate as we move into 2024.
Jason Kupferberg: Right, okay. No, that’s a good clarification. Then just coming back to the backlog, it’s been pretty stable since the end of the first quarter. How are you thinking about the Q4 backlog, whether you’re looking at it--I don’t know if you guys are focused more on it quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year, but just wanted to get a view on that into [indiscernible]. Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, it’s a great question. I think we’ve seen broadly over the last seven quarters, and I would expect to see over the next three or four quarters backlog in the range of $22.5 billion to $23.5 billion, pretty steady as we bring new business on and then we work really hard to increase the level of implementations coming out of that backlog number. It is a wonky accounting number, so I think as we come into investor day, we’d hope to give you a better set of metrics. But I think broadly, we think that number sits in that stable range of $22.5 billion to $23.5 billion - it might go up and down per quarter, and we think we’ve proven pretty successfully at this point that that number will sustain a nice recurring revenue growth number for us. If you remember in the sales transformation, we really are trying to focus on less of those really large whale deals and more of consistent sales of a lot of our platforms that we’ve invested heavily in, and driving the margin over the overall sales number up. While we may not from a dollar standpoint drive it up this year, we would expect it to come up next year as we look to see some of those sales come in. Hopefully that helps.
Jason Kupferberg: It does, good color. Thanks Stephanie.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Hey, thanks guys. First of all, James, congrats and welcome. Stephanie, when we think about the demand environment and what you’re seeing that’s giving us so much conviction in the sustainability of that recurring revenue growth rate into fourth quarter, again putting aside the one-time items everyone seems focused on, I think is probably a good idea. Just sustainable trends into Q4 and then Q1, you’re still seemingly confident that its 3%, 4%-type banking growth on the revenue side despite the noise on bookings, so can you just tell us what’s under the hood? What exactly is the demand? What are customers actually utilizing you for more today than they were a year ago? Then, is your employee base energized? Is the wheel turning properly again, I guess is the question? Thanks again.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, thanks Darrin. In terms of demand, I would say broadly--let’s separate the demand environment from what really drives the recurring revenue over time. Demand is high if you think about our capital markets business. I continue to talk about increasing demand from our existing customers, so increasing share of wallet from a lot of the modernized solutions we’ve brought into market. We talked about the clear derivatives platform which is having a lot of success, and not only selling into our existing customers but really opening up the door to sell those types of capabilities now that they’re SaaS-enabled into other capital markets participants, who may not be traditionally there. We see increased wallet share, and then we see the sales of the products on the capital markets side being really high demand from other people who are not traditional in that segment. I think on the banking side, given the focus of banks on deposit generation, there is a high focus and demand for digital solutions. That’s been in market, it’s not necessarily new although it’s definitely heightened, and we’re seeing a lot of demand for that and we called out a couple of those wins this quarter. We feel really good about that. I think that’s from a demand standpoint. I would say the other thing is in terms of thinking about what’s driving the recurring, yes, it continues to be delivering those products and solutions into market, but also remember there is an inherent same store sales growth number that we get the benefit of from a number of transactions that go across the platform, as well as new deposit accounts, and so there is an inherent same store sales growth number that we get benefits from in addition to us being strong on the sales side, so we’re feeling good. That’s not to say that in one quarter, it’s going to flip, but we’re feeling the momentum is there and we’re feeling good about it. I think from a culture standpoint, it’s going really well. I couldn’t be more proud of the team, honestly. The amount of passion and energy that they’ve brought to Future Forward, that they’ve brought to refocusing and repositioning the company and the Worldpay separation. James mentioned that was a lot of work in accounting - it’s just a lot of work, period, to separate two companies and people that have worked together for four years, so I really would say the teams have really rallied around that. It’s not easy, but they are definitely taking up the call to duty there, and between Future Forward and the Worldpay separation, I couldn’t be more proud of what the team has been able to do, so I think the culture is good.
Darrin Peller: That’s great to hear, thanks. James, just a quick follow-up - that Slide 18 was extremely helpful in clarifying some of the moving parts. Just to be clear, we look at ’23 and you back out the--if you wanted to back out the Worldpay contribution, then it’s, let’s call it $4.47 at the midpoint minus that $0.60 to $0.65. I think what you said was that that gives you a sense of ’23 pro forma RemainCo earnings, but it also doesn’t account for the fact that there’s high interest. There’s certain elements, I think you said, right - interest expense in there. I mean, it still ends up with a number very close to what we modeled for RemainCo, but I’m curious what the--if there’s any other moving parts. 
James Kehoe: Yes, I think the key part is the right-hand side of that chart, which--you know, just to explain the disc-ops, there’s a set of rules around it that are somewhat illogical, because accounting is not always fully logical and you can only allocate to a disc-ops P&L something that’s actually directly related, so you can’t allocate anything--you can’t put it in the interest costs unless the legal entity had interest costs, so that’s why on the right-hand side.  What we were thinking of is, you know, we’re going to--we’ve actually filed quarterly income statements for disc-ops and RemainCo to help you rebuild your models, but if you rebuild based on what we gave you, you’d arrive at $3.30 to $3.40 for RemainCo, but it’s wrong. You’ve got $630 million, $650 million of interest expense. Once we pay down the debt, that’s going to go down by half - you know, I’m just giving you rough numbers, and then two is you’re taking the repurchases, and all we did in calculating this capital deployment of 65, we basically say you’re paying down $9 billion of debt and you’re paying it down at the average interest rate, which is quite low - it’s 3.2%.  The other part is you’re taking the share repurchase, and this is quite conservative because what we’ve done is we took the $3.5 billion and we assumed that we would have repurchased shares during the course of 2023, but if you flip out--you know--no, 2023. Then if you flip out, because this is trying to represent what the base year would look like if the transaction was done at the beginning of the year, but if you look at some of the opportunities here, first of all, you’re going to grow off the $4.40 to $4.55 base, so you’re going to have a normal year of growth, but also you’re going to get the full year impact of the share repurchase program, right? Once we start doing it, you’re going to get the full year. Now, that will hit more in 2025, and then as I look at this, I see there is incredible opportunity on the NCI line, so this $0.60 to $0.65, I think there’s a lot of opportunity. This is a standalone company, it will be more aggressively managed for cash. I think they’ll pay down debt incredibly quickly, and because they’ve loaded it with so much debt, the actual change in EPS contribution will be probably quite a fast clip.  We’re just--we were careful here not to give guidance on the future, but what we’re saying is we’re trying to put a stake in the ground and say the base year is this. It will be kind of strange next year because once we start reporting against continuing operations and we’ve separated the two companies, we will be reporting very high EPS growth rates because we’ll be comparing against the $3.30, $3.40, and you will be implementing a buyback of $3.5 billion and you’ll have a huge savings on interest expense, so the headline EPS growth rates will be extraordinary. But what we’re trying to say is some of that is coming from the fact that you’re recovering from the dilutive transaction. That’s why this chart, we hope it helps every participant to understand the way we’re thinking about this, but $4.40, $4.55 is the floor, and against that floor, we’re going to grow next year.
Darrin Peller: Yes, that’s really helpful. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Dan Dolev with Mizuho. Your line is open. Dan Dolev with Mizuho, your line is open. If your line is muted, please un-mute or please re-join using the Call Me feature.  One moment for our next question.  Our next question comes from Vasundhara Govil with KBW. Your line is open.
Vasundhara Govil: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. I guess the first one, Stephanie, on just the macro backdrop and any help you can provide us on sensitivities that we might see in the banking and cap markets segments if the economy were to soften a little bit from here.
Stephanie Ferris: Oh, you want me to tell the future? That’s a hard one. I would say--you know, it’s interesting on consumer spend. Banking and capital markets are no longer as positioned towards consumer spend like the merchant business, the Worldpay business, so we think we’ve moved largely away from that, not to say we’re totally immune, because we do process debit card transactions.  I think from a macro standpoint, the concern that I think we should have, and we’ll keep a close eye on and be transparent, is around if we see demand drop for products and solutions, and we’re not seeing that. As you think about both the financial institutions and the capital markets participants, they’re all undergoing different levels of stress where they are in the industry, but our solutions are still in high demand in terms of whether they’re digital or a next-gen banking platform, wanting to drive more money movement, so the secular trends are there. We’ll continue to watch them, but we’re no longer exposed from the Worldpay side in terms of consumer spend going up and down and that impacting us. That’s probably the best I can do, Vasu.
Vasundhara Govil: Thank you, that’s helpful. Just a quick follow-up on the debit routing for card not present - I know you mentioned a few wins with retailers and fintechs, which was nice to see. It’s clearly a share gain opportunity for the NYCE network. Do you think it could be a needle mover for the business in 2024?
Stephanie Ferris: I think it should be. I think the challenge--we’ve been tripling down on it and selling it. We actually are one of the few networks that had that up and running very quickly and had the dual messaging capability that’s required. We continue to press on it. We’ve had some significant wins. My payments guys will tell you, I continue to press them very hard on it should continue to accelerate growth, so more to come as we come into 2024, but we do think we have a strategic advantage there. 
Vasundhara Govil: Thank you very much.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Dan Dolev with Mizuho. Dan, your line is open.
Dan Dolev: Hey, thanks again. Somehow I didn’t hear you before. Great results, guys.  Two questions. One, Stephanie, you talked about the sales force transformation. Can you maybe tell us what makes you feel more confident in the sales force? Thanks.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, thanks Dan. I think--you know, we spent a bunch of time in the first half of this year really refocusing the sales force on both selling all the products and solutions that we have across the segments, which we’re seeing--which we called amplify, which we’re seeing a lot of uptake there, but more importantly, really making sure that we were selling the technology-enabled software that we’ve invested in and that we think really should be where we should drive some high returns. I’m feeling really good about that, like I said. We have seen the quality of sales has improved as we came into this quarter - new sales have improved 50 BPs in terms of overall margins, and so as we look to transform the sales force over time, we’re seeing that really start to take root. I think too, moving away from some of the non-recurring in terms of selling and into the recurring is also starting to be pretty good for us, and we’re feeling good about that continuing to underpin the recurring revenue growth as we move into 2024, so feel good about the sales pipeline, feel good about sales productivity, feel good about the quality of sales, but it’s still early days and we are managing it very closely. The team--I’m on a sales call every week and I have my own win-loss ratio - I hold myself accountable as well, so feeling good about where we are but we’ll continue to be pressing on this, as it’s critically important for us.
Dan Dolev: Okay, great. Since the market opened, I’m going to spare you my second question - I see people want to leave, but thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Thanks Dan.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the question and answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back to Stephanie Ferris for closing remarks.
Stephanie Ferris: Well, thank you everyone for joining us t his morning. As you can tell, we’re very excited about the next chapter for FIS. While we’re only in the first year of our journey, we’ve already made significant progress unlocking shareholder value, delivering our third consecutive quarter meeting or exceeding our financial commitments. We’re excited about the Worldpay separation and Future Forward. We’re delivering significant upside by resuming our buyback program, and with an upsized commitment to further reposition FIS for attractive long term growth. All of this leads to confidence in our current year outlook, our future prospects, and our plan to drive long term shareholder value. Thank you for your interest in FIS. We look forward to connecting with you over the next coming days and weeks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the FIS Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker Mr. George Mihalos, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos: Thank you, Sherin. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the FIS second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. This call is being webcasted. Today's news release, corresponding presentation, updated investor facts and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. With me on the call this morning are Stephanie Ferris, our CEO and President; and Erik Hoag, our CFO. Stephanie will lead the call with a strategic and operational update, followed by Eric reviewing our financial results and providing forward guidance. Turning to slide three, today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share and free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information is presented in our earnings release. With that I'll turn the call over to Stephanie.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you, George, and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. We continue to move with speed and a sense of urgency, accelerating our path forward, and we're making strong progress, delivering on our financial and strategic commitments to drive change across the enterprise for all of our stakeholders. On July 6th, we announced a landmark transaction with GTCR, positioning both FIS and Worldpay for long-term success and accelerating us on the path to unlock shareholder value from the planned separation. Our Future Forward initiatives are simplifying our business and driving increased client-centricity, while improving efficiency and financial outcomes across the company. And our second quarter results show the impact of this effort, exceeding expectations and our guidance. While we have more work to do, I'm very proud of our team and I'm more optimistic than ever as we bring the company Future Forward. Turning to slide six. I'm pleased to report FIS delivered another quarter of solid financial results. Second quarter revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS all exceeded the high end of our guidance range. Solid execution across all three of our business segments and a continued focus on expense discipline drove the outperformance relative to our outlook. On a combined basis, the Banking and Capital Markets businesses posted healthy recurring revenue growth of 4%. This represents a more normalized rate of growth within our 3% to 5% cycle range. Building on the profitability improvements we delivered in the second quarter, we are confident in our ability to deliver sequential adjusted EBITDA margin improvement over the course of 2023, led by improvement in the Banking Solutions segment. We are on track to deliver on our greater than 80% free cash flow conversion commitment for 2023, with year-to-date conversion an impressive 94%. Post the closing of the Worldpay transaction, we would expect free cash flow to further align even more closely with net earnings. Reflecting the first half outperformance and current business trends, today we are again raising our revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance for 2023. Turning to slide seven. As we announced in early July, we signed a definitive agreement to sell a 55% stake in the Worldpay Merchant Solutions business to GTCR, a leading private equity firm with deep expertise in the payment space. We believe the transaction represents a superior outcome for FIS shareholders relative to pursuing a spin-off of Worldpay into the public markets. It accelerates our path forward to create two highly focused and independent companies, infusing new capital quickly into Worldpay for investment, while generating substantial upfront proceeds to transform FIS' balance sheet, pay down debt, and return capital to shareholders. First, the $18.5 billion transaction immediately establishes an attractive, market-aligned value for the Worldpay business, representing over 10 times Worldpay's 2023 adjusted EBITDA. This represents a premium to FIS' trading multiple of approximately eight times prior to deal announcement. As we continue to execute on our strategy and deliver on our financial commitments, we believe FIS is well-positioned to expand our valuation multiple further. Second, the upfront proceeds of at least $11.7 billion will allow us to de-lever the balance sheet quickly, while simultaneously accelerating capital returns to shareholders at unique, attractive valuation levels. Erik will elaborate on our capital allocation priorities during his discussion of our financial results. However, we see significant value in the shares at current levels and are eager to rapidly capitalize on the valuation dislocation for the benefit of our shareholders. Lastly, we believe this transaction best positions FIS and Worldpay to better focus on their respective markets, clients and colleagues, while promoting a continued close relationship between the two companies, crystallized by commercial partnerships. Going forward, Worldpay will remain an important partner and distribution channel for FIS, while Worldpay will continue to benefit from access to FIS' array of bank tech solutions and services. I look forward to working closely with Charles Drucker and the Worldpay management team for many years to come. The partnership with GTCR also ensures that Worldpay will have ample access to capital to pursue near-term inorganic growth opportunities while maintaining a healthy balance sheet. We're excited about the transaction and the prospect of generating meaningful returns for our shareholders and we look forward to updating you on developments as we approach closing by first quarter 2024. Turning to slide eight for an update on trends we're seeing across our Banking and Capital Markets businesses and the key drivers of growth within our existing base of clients. In May, we held our annual flagship industry conference, Emerald, with 4,000 clients and influencers in attendance. The overarching takeaway from the conference was that clients are excited about our path forward and are looking for their trusted technology partners like FIS to better help them navigate the evolving landscape. FIS is well-positioned to serve our clients on several market trends that are top of mind across their C-suites. First, the secular shift towards digital that has permeated money movement broadly defined across Banking and Capital Markets and supports our normalized rate of growth as more and more financial transactions take place across a variety of banking channels. The need to embrace next-generation cloud-native technology with modernized digital user interfaces has never been greater. The competitive lines are blurring as upstart fintechs, global technology companies and even retailers encroach on the traditional banking landscape with digital-first offerings. FIS was early in embracing the promise of cloud technology, with over 85% of current compute in the cloud and the launch of several digital-native solutions, including Digital One, Payments One, and Modern Banking Platform, which was just recognized for several industry awards. While prior investments position FIS with an early-mover advantage, we are not standing still and continue to prioritize spend to further leverage the cloud, improve the end-user experience and ensure we enable all types of digital money movement. Second, the rapidly rising interest rate environment is creating greater competition for deposits. Financial institutions and asset managers are relying on digital-only high-yield savings accounts and online access to money market accounts, ultimately increasing the number of total accounts across the banking system. Account growth, which continued sequentially from the first quarter and transactional growth across our platforms are the primary drivers of recurring organic revenue growth across both the FIS Banking and Capital Markets segments. FIS has partnered with a number of blue chip banks and fintechs powering their digital-only account offerings. Also, post the SVB fallout, financial institutions are proactively preparing for increased regulatory oversight with a greater focus on managing interest rate risk and profitability. The situation is fluid with new regulations still being discussed by regulators and legislators, but the need for best-in-class Reg tech offerings is mission-critical to banks' operations. We're seeing consistent demand for balance sheet and treasury management solutions and expect that momentum to continue. And lastly, we've recently seen increased consolidation across the financial industry and acquiring institutions requiring the expertise of a trusted core provider to assist in quickly and seamlessly onboarding new accounts at scale. We believe FIS is a relative beneficiary of industry consolidation, given the company's skew towards larger financial institutions. Turning to slide nine. FIS offers a wide range of software-led solutions that are resonating across a diverse range of end markets, with our product reach increasingly extending beyond traditional financial institutions. I'm pleased to report we've closed several notable wins this quarter across a host of solutions. Beginning with enterprise core platforms, we saw solid momentum across our product set. Notable wins include the sale of our Digital One platform as well as an expansion of services provided to a large global fintech provider. Next, our Payments & Networks offerings, underpinned by our loyalty solutions, including Premium Payback and our proprietary debit network, NYCE, continue to see tailwinds. We signed several new Premium Payback engagements in the second quarter, including a leading retailer and a major US financial institution. We continue to be excited about the prospects of our NYCE debit network going forward and expect the offering to be a beneficiary of the recently implemented Reg II rules. In our Capital Markets business, demand for our institutional solutions continues to be robust, sales of our treasury and risk management solutions remain particularly strong. And we're seeing solid traction across the board, with increased penetration across non-traditional verticals such as large corporates, including insurance and auto finance companies. Finally, I'm delighted with the progress we're making across our Amplify initiative, which was designed to accelerate cross-sells across the enterprise. We had a solid quarter of Amplify-driven sales, particularly the selling of Acquiring Services into multiple Banking and Capital Markets clients. Amplify remains a core part of our sales strategy going forward post the Worldpay transaction. Supported by commercial partnerships, we expect Worldpay will remain a key distribution channel for Banking and Capital Market services for years to come. Turning to slide 10, we're making continued progress across our enterprise-wide transformation program, Future Forward. We're well on our way to delivering on our previously communicated cash expense savings and shifting those savings into client-centered outcomes. We continue to prioritize investments focused on modernizing our technology stack, leveraging the cloud, simplifying our user interface and improving the digital experience for end users of our products. We recently welcomed a new Chief Technology Officer at FIS with an extensive background in the consumer digital technology space. Our CTO is entrusted with ensuring FIS continues to embrace a developer-focused, innovation-driven culture with the appropriate personnel in place to lead FIS forward and stay ahead of the curve. We're excited about the prospects AI presents for our business and our clients. AI holds the promise of improving employee and client productivity, accelerating development and implementation timelines, reducing costs, and improving product quality and customer care. We have several ongoing AI-driven initiatives across the company and we expect to materially increase the number of programs over the coming months. The early results from these initiatives are encouraging. With that I will turn the call over to Erik. Erik?
Erik Hoag: Thanks, Stephanie, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I'll begin on slide 12 with an overview of our second quarter financial results. Overall, we delivered effectively against our commitments, exceeding the high end of our outlook for the quarter. On a consolidated basis, revenue increased 2% organically to $3.7 billion with adjusted EBITDA margin of 41.4%, and adjusted earnings per share of $1.55. Revenue outperformance in the quarter was driven by our Capital Markets segment exceeding the high end of our outlook, with Banking and Merchant both in line with the high end. As we anticipated, each of our three operating segments saw sequential improvement in their adjusted EBITDA margins, with merchant returning to expansion in the quarter. Adjusted EPS exceeded the high end of our outlook by $0.05, driven by outperformance in EBITDA and some below the line favorability in the quarter. Moving to cash flow and our balance sheet, we continued to see improvements across multiple vectors. Our capital expenditures decreased 13% year-over-year to $267 million, or 7% of revenue, reflecting continued benefit from our Future Forward initiatives. We generated free cash flow of $953 million in the second quarter, resulting in a year-to-date free cash flow conversion of 94%, well above our full-year commitment of greater than 80% conversion. Lastly, we reduced our total debt by approximately $500 million to $19.5 billion, yielding a leverage ratio of 3.2 times at a weighted average interest rate of 3.4% and we returned over $300 million to shareholders through dividends. The team continues to focus on both our operational strengths, cash flow fundamentals as long-term drivers to sustainable shareholder value creation. Turning to our Banking and Capital Markets results on slide 13. On a combined basis, the segments delivered organic revenue growth of 3% in the quarter, driven by 4% recurring revenue growth. Our large and stable backlog held steady in line with our expectations, exiting the quarter at $23 billion, reflecting flat year-over-year growth and sequential growth of 1% as we recognize revenue while replenishing with new sales. This backlog metric includes contracted yet unrecognized sales with varying contract durations and times to implementation, making it one of many inputs to our underlying growth. Looking back, outsized backlog growth over the past few years was largely driven by a handful of large and unique transactions. Excluding these outsized transactions, backlog growth has been stable. While recurring revenue, excluding these transactions, posted growth within our cycle guidance. And more recently, while our year-over-year backlog growth has ranged between flat to 2%, we've seen healthy recurring revenue growth in the first half of 2023 for Banking and Capital Markets. As we noted previously, our sales teams continue to transition to higher-quality new sales, which will drive sustainable high-margin long-term growth. This change in sales initiatives is incorporated into our outlook for the year and while still early in the transition, we're seeing some early indications of success with improvement in the contribution margin on new sales. At the segment level, Banking increased 2% organically in the quarter, with recurring revenue growth of 3%. Adjusted EBITDA margin contracted 200 basis points to 42.5%, an improvement from the down 250 basis points we saw in the first quarter. Margin contraction was primarily driven by revenue mix, as we saw a 10% reduction in high-margin one-time revenue. We continue to anticipate margin expansion in the back half of the year for the Banking segment as Future Forward continues to ramp. Shifting to the Capital Markets segment, which continues to perform exceptionally well. Capital Markets increased 7% organically in the quarter, with recurring revenue growth of 10%. Revenue growth was driven by the strength of our modernized solution suite, strong sales execution and the multi-year shift from a license to SaaS-based go-to-market strategy. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 100 basis points to 50.2%. Margin expansion in the quarter was driven by high contributions on recurring revenue, growth in high-margin license revenue and a reduction in low-margin professional services. Overall, we're pleased with the progress in the first half of the year as we continue to position FIS for sustainable growth in revenue, profit and earnings for years to come. Turning to slide 14. Worldpay revenue increased 1% organically, with similar sub-segment trends as seen in the first quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 120 basis points year-over-year or 480 basis points sequentially, as we grew our high-margin revenue streams across the operating segment and delivered on cost management. Global volumes grew 6% in the quarter, driven by both consumer spending and strong execution, while our revenue yield improved by two points compared to our first quarter results. Turning to slide 15 for a financial update on Future Forward. As previously messaged, we remain committed to rightsizing our expense base, while ensuring an appropriate level of investment in the initiatives outlined in Stephanie's comments. Our Future Forward program centers around this goal, with a focus on improving the ways we work and go-to market as a company. On a Holdco basis, we continue to make significant progress in our cash savings achievement. Exiting the quarter, we achieved over $175 million in annual run-rate operational expense reduction, resulting in over a $35 million benefit to the quarter. We also increased our capital expenditure achievement to over $140 million as we continue to trend to our $200 million commitment in 2023. In summary, the Future Forward program continues to provide a tangible benefit to our financial P&L and operational health, while enhancing the ways we work. In a moment, I'll provide some estimates on the operational expense targeted to FIS moving forward. Turning to slide 16 for a recap of our capital allocation priorities for FIS. Throughout 2023 and following the transaction close, FIS will remain focused on reducing debt, paying an appropriate dividend and using excess capital for share repurchase or tuck-in M&A. Our first priority remains a strong balance sheet and investment-grade ratings. Given our free cash flow generation and highly recurring revenue streams, we're comfortable with a long-term gross leverage range of 2.5 times to 3 times adjusted EBITDA. Next, we remain committed to paying our dividend, and we are reiterating a 35% payout ratio based off FIS' adjusted net earnings. We intend to grow this dividend in line with adjusted net earnings going forward consistent with our historical practice. Lastly, our default use of excess capital will be share repurchases, inclusive of at least $2.5 billion tied to transaction proceeds, with potential upside to this number, given the attractive valuation of our stock. Longer term, we intend to consistently return excess capital to our shareholders through share repurchases, while leveraging our advantages of scale and distribution to supplement growth in strategic verticals with complementary tuck-in M&A. This capital allocation strategy provides a robust value proposition for long-term shareholder value creation over a multiyear period. Turning to slide 17 for an overview of our revised outlook. On a Holdco basis, our second quarter results lead us to confidently increase our guidance to $14.5 billion to $14.63 billion in revenue and $6.03 billion to $6.15 billion in adjusted EBITDA. Consistent with our first quarter revision, this increase aligns with the high end of our guidance to our second quarter beat, in addition to a change in FX assumptions while significantly increasing the low end of our ranges. Beginning in the third quarter, the Worldpay business will be transitioned to discontinued operations and we will be restating our first half 2023 financials to reflect this. At that time, we will look to provide an updated outlook for FIS' continuing operations. Our adjusted EPS metric will now be less meaningful given the impending transition of the Worldpay business into discontinued operations. And because of this, we're focusing investors on revenue and adjusted EBITDA until we provide an updated outlook for FIS' continuing operations. On a consolidated basis, we now anticipate organic revenue growth of approximately 1%. This reflects an increase to the low end of both Banking and Capital Markets organic growth outlook to 1% to 2% and 5% to 6%, respectively. Given the impending transition to discontinued operations, we are not updating our Merchant segment outlook from our previously issued full year guidance at this time. That said, we're pleased with the segment's performance over the first half of 2023 and we remain confident in the underlying strength of the Worldpay business. We continue to anticipate margin improvement in Banking and Capital Markets as we ramp the benefits associated with Future Forward. And we are reiterating our outlook for free cash flow conversion of over 80%. As seen in our year-to-date results, we remain confident in delivering on our commitments. I'll conclude on slide number 18 with some considerations for FIS in 2024. Following the close of the transaction, FIS will retain a 45% equity stake in the Worldpay business in partnership with GTCR. This equity stake was valued at over $4 billion, accounting for approximately $7 per share at our current share count. We anticipate an effective tax rate for FIS of approximately 19% to 21%. This increase from our current effective tax rate is primarily due to the reduction of the TRA benefit and accounts for increases in the corporate tax rate in certain regions. As previously stated, we would anticipate $10 billion of total gross debt after the transaction closed. We expect this debt will carry a weighted average interest rate of approximately 3.25% to 3.75%. As noted in the announcement of the transaction, we would anticipate deleveraging to approximately 2.5 times, translating to an adjusted EBITDA of approximately $3.9 billion to $4 billion, inclusive of our estimated RemainCo corporate expense. With regards to our Future Forward program, we expect substantial cost savings of approximately $1 billion for FIS post the Worldpay separation, retaining 80% of the original program. We previously anticipated a year-over-year benefit of approximately $300 million to adjusted EBITDA in 2024. Following the close of the transaction, this $300 million will become approximately $215 million, with an annual run rate of approximately $425 million exiting 2024. We also anticipate adjusted EBITDA dis-synergies for FIS of approximately $200 million, including $100 million of revenue dis-synergies and $100 million of incremental operational expense dis-synergies. We will look to minimize these dis-synergies with our Future Forward program. While we've made significant progress, we're still working diligently to disentangle both allocated infrastructure expense and depreciation and amortization expense between the two entities. When appropriate, we'll provide further commentary on both of these items. I'll conclude by saying that the team and I are excited about the progress that we've made to continue to move FIS forward and the underlying fundamentals of the business for years to come. I'd like to thank everyone for their time this morning. Operator, will you please open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Rayna Kumar with UBS. Your line is open.
Rayna Kumar: Good morning, Stephanie and Erik. You both gave some helpful detail on changes you're making to your Banking salesforce. Can you talk a little bit about how some of your recent conversations have been with banking clients as they navigate the uncertain macroenvironment and are you starting to see any improvement in the sales cycle?
Stephanie Ferris: Sure, Rayna. Thanks for the question. So as I discussed in my prepared remarks, banks are really focused, as you would expect, on deposits. And so as part of those conversations, they're looking in terms of how did they gather deposits, can they continue to do it digitally through their branch network or would they like to set up digital banks that will enable them to further gather deposits. That's a big conversation we're having with them. And we think our D1 product and our MBP product are perfect products for those conversations, and we're having those. In addition to that, as part of the deposit-gathering, and I mentioned this as well, we're seeing a lot of accounts getting opened across the banking system. And so I think I mentioned, since the first quarter, overall net-new banking accounts are up since March and continued to be up across the banking system. And as we mentioned, both deposit growth, net-new deposit growth as well as transactions is what drives the organic recurring revenue growth in both the Banking and Capital Markets segments. I'd say the final thing we're talking to them about is profitability, as you might expect, given deposits, they're focused on deposits as well as impending increased regulatory challenges. They're looking at their profitability across the board. And having conversations with us around outsourcing more of their activities, moving more products to digital, which are all conversation starters for us as we look at our product set across the board. With respect to the sales piece, I think, Erik mentioned a couple of things in his prepared remarks. We continue to see backlog being flat. We expected that. We're seeing sales -- as the sales pipelines get repopulated with higher-margin products, we are seeing the closed sales having higher-margin products across the board, so that's exactly the intent that we expected. But as we had predicted, we expected sales backlog to remain flat. It's a fairly complicated measure. And we feel really confident about our guide even with the flat backlog. So seeing some green shoots in terms of the margin profile of the new sales that we're bringing on and feel pretty positively in terms of repopulating the backlog with those types of products and product margins.
Rayna Kumar: That's very helpful. And then I just wanted to touch on the transaction. What feedback have you received from Worldpay clients since the GTCR announcement? Are you hearing of any concerns regarding the impact on the existing commercial relationships or the sale of the business to private equity?
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, great question, and we are always very focused on this. Every time we do a transaction, we obviously go out and talk to all of our clients. No. So, as you know, Worldpay has been owned by private equity before. That experience for all of our clients that were with us then was positive. There was no disruption. And in fact typically led to more investment, more M&A activity, more products being brought to bear for those clients to be able to utilize. So we're not hearing any concerns, primarily because of the couple of transactions we've done with this asset before. We have a proven track record that we can do these types of transactions and have little to no impact on clients and actually have it be value-enhancing.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Togut: Thank you, good morning. Looking at slide eight, what are your plans to introduce new cloud-native componentized core bank solutions offerings within MBP? Is there a specific rollout timeline for each of these new offerings?
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, thanks for the question, David. So MBP, as you know, is a best-in-class next-gen componentized architecture for core. I think we were first to market, and it did most recently win a couple of pretty unique awards. So we are up and live with consumer deposits. We have quite a few of our banks have fully rolled out consumer deposits. We went live in second quarter with consumer lending, so that product is up and running. And then I would say as we look at the roadmap over 2024, we obviously -- next step would be commercial deposits. So we're feeling really good about where we are with MBP. We have, as you know, signed over the last 24 months a significant amount of our large financial institutions, they are in the conversion timeline here. We would expect to see several of them become live in the first quarter or second quarter of next year with some of these big key products and are really excited about it, feel good about launching those guys, and then getting the rest of the pipeline live as we move throughout 2024.
David Togut: Got it. And just a quick follow-up. You referenced NYCE network's preparation for Reg II. Can you talk about the pipeline of opportunity you're seeing to pick up online processing away from Visa and Mastercard?
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, no, so as you know, NYCE is a great asset for FIS. It's one of -- there's only so many networks out there. We continue to see -- Reg II is obviously an opportunity for all of us in the network space and we have a very significant pipeline there. There's a lot of interest as Reg II comes online. It's obviously very competitive, but we're feeling really good about it.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. Just wanted to start on the backlog. When do you think we get back to positive year-over-year backlog growth? It sounds like maybe you're still thinking flattish for Q3, specifically. And then will we get a medium-term organic revenue growth target, specifically for the Banking segment, next quarter when Merchant moves into discontinued Ops?
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, I think, so on backlog, I think Erik gave some remarks that he can repeat for you. But tough to predict, but our guidance right now assumes backlog remains flat to slightly down over the next three to four quarters. And I'll remind that was the plan as we thought about coming into 2024 and trying to change the margin profile of the products there. I think the thing to understand about the new sales and the backlog and that's why we keep talking about recurring revenue growth is really, obviously, there's a new sales component to it, but there is also the net-new deposit, our net-new account growth plus transaction activity going across the platform that gives us some organic growth while we remix the Banking backlogs. I think with respect to cycle guidance, little bit soon to be giving cycle guidance. I think what we've said around our cycle guide for FIS is a mid-term cycle guide of 3% to 5%. I wouldn't expect us to be giving segment cycle guidance or overall cycle guidance for 2024 until we get closer to the guide for 2024. We're just not ready yet.
Jason Kupferberg: Understood. And just as a follow-up. So the $4 billion of pro-forma adjusted EBITDA for RemainCo next year, is that inclusive of the $200 million of dis-synergies that you mentioned?
Erik Hoag: Yeah. Hey, Jason. Good morning. So let me try to do a quick summary of the material call-outs from the column. I'm just going to walk the whole thing. So in the prepared remarks, I referenced an adjusted EBITDA range of 3.9% to 4%, post-transaction. This includes a revised corporate expense estimate for FIS moving forward. It also includes the disclosed $200 million of adjusted EBITDA dis-synergies, split $100 million of revenue dis-synergies, and $100 million of incremental operating expense. The Future Forward program, admittedly, will offset a lot of these dis-synergies. Keep in mind that we have reduced the Future Forward in year '24 impact from $300 million to $215 million. And then beyond that, I talked about an effective tax rate of 19% to 21% and a weighted average interest rate of 325 basis points to 375 basis points.
Stephanie Ferris: One bit of clarification there. The reduction of the Future Forward is just aligning how much is related to Worldpay with respect to the Future Forward versus RemainCo FIS. We thought that was an important clarification.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, thanks. Some encouraging results, especially in Capital Markets. I was just curious, this double-digit recurring growth in Capital Markets that we've seen in the first half, any call-outs for the second half? Just curious here on sustainability. And maybe if it's possible, can you just review the outlook for recurring versus non-recurring for both the Banking and Capital Markets segments? Thanks.
Erik Hoag: Yeah. So from a Banking perspective, I would think about recurring revenue growth as steady through the balance of the year. Capital Markets has seen some elevated recurring revenue through the first half of the year. We specifically called out some anomalous transaction growth in the first quarter associated with some of the bank -- the mini bank crisis. However, we feel good about the raise of the Capital Markets guide from 4% to 6% to 5% to 6% on a full-year basis.
Stephanie Ferris: Tien-Tsin, the other thing I would add and thank you for pointing it out is how strong the product set there is in the Capital Markets business and the demand being really high and we continue to be really excited about it. As we think about FIS moving into post the Worldpay transaction, you would look to see us expect to continue to grow this business very significantly. The demand is very high, the products are resonating really well, the transition from non-recurring to recurring is going extremely well, margins look good. So you can expect as we look at capital broadly across the board and investments, we'll continue to make significant investments in this space, given the strength of the product set and how well it resonates with clients.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay. Perfect. And then a quick follow-up, and thanks for the time, just on the backlog. I heard, loud and clear, pretty consistent, flat to slightly down next two to three quarters. How about the conversion? Any update in what you're hearing from clients are looking to convert or get projects started or finished? I know with -- across IT services and outsourcing, we're hearing a little bit of delays or pushouts. What are you guys seeing?
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, I saw that too. Interesting. So we have -- it's a robust backlog. So what we hear from our clients is, can you get us live faster? We're actually not hearing anything about slowing what we have in the backlog. In fact, part of the reason we're really focused on Future Forward, one of the big component pieces of it is, how do we drive implementations faster? It's one of the things that I've asked the team to look at AI. Can we use AI? Can we get our product in development machine there along with our implementations team to move faster? And it's one of the upsides, I think, we can have as Kelly Beatty, who drives our Future Forward program, really pushes that flywheel faster. So I'm not hearing anything from clients in terms of wanting to slow. Actually, what they want to do is get their products out faster for them because they have either savings or growth banked on the back of that.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Your line is open.
Dave Koning: Yeah, hey, thanks so much. Great job.
Stephanie Ferris: Thanks.
Erik Hoag: Thank you.
Dave Koning: Yeah, and I guess, first of all, free cash flow conversion was really good this quarter. And I guess I'm wondering, is the rest of the year supposed to remain strong, and then post the spin, would it actually convert better than it has the last couple of years, simply because Worldpay was probably a drag on cash flow conversion?
Erik Hoag: Hey, David, good to hear from you. Cash flow conversion was strong. So first quarter conversion was 84%, second quarter conversion is 104%. Year-to-date 94%, we've guided to 80%. We feel good about the rest of year forecast in free cash flow conversion, number one. And then question number two, yes, we would expect it to further improve post separation. In regarding free cash flow conversion, we've had a couple of notable drivers here and they generally align with some of the success that we've had with Future Forward. We are collecting faster, we're spending slower. We've introduced some spend governor processes. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, CapEx is down materially year-over-year. Our deferred contract costs are down materially year-over-year. We're sitting in a very nice spot with free cash flow conversion through six months of the year.
Dave Koning: Great. Thanks. And I guess as a follow-up, just on the post-spin basis, a couple of little things. The equities, there is the minority interest stake, will you recognize that on a non-GAAP basis? And then what would a dis-synergy, the $100 million of revenue dis-synergies, like what would that be?
Stephanie Ferris: Hey, Dave, it's Stephanie. So, yeah, I would think so, yes. Our minority interest stake, we would probably expect to non-GAAP that. But we're working through that, obviously, with our Chief Accounting Officer because that one would be a tough one to actually predict, given that it becomes a part of the company. And then with respect to the revenue dis-synergies, the way we thought about that is broadly across the board, as we think about ecosystem agreements in terms of untangling those, as well as we think about potential, we feel good about keeping the majority of them. And we have the commercial partnerships set up to do that. But we do anticipate some of those partnerships having to be renegotiated across the board and anticipate some of that to get -- to come away from what we had booked originally.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Hey, thanks, guys. If we look at the Banking segment recurring revenue growth rate, I think, as I recall, there were other, let's call them one-time or just tough comps. So above and beyond just the non-recurring items you called out here, like license fees, term fees, can you just remind us of maybe when you start to see the anniversary of, for example, T. Rowe, grow-over or other factors? And then more importantly, Stephanie, this is more of a cultural question, just the company was very focused on the larger banks for some time. And so the transition back to the mid-size, can you just talk about how that transition is going, especially culturally, and do you have the right people for that, have you lost or gained anyone that you need in the transition on the Banking segment? Thanks.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. Maybe I'll start with the second, and then Erik can lean into the first one. I think as we think about Banking, it's really our flagship business, and we serve both the largest financial institutions in the world as well as our -- through the regionals down into the community banks standpoint. So I think that we still have all the people in place that serve those clients well. Obviously, those clients have different focus areas, priorities, product set needs. So if you're a large SIFI bank, you obviously have a different set of products you're trying to consume for us. You have a very large tech stack, so you consume those products and then you run your own middleware and your own core deposit system. As you think about you go down market into regional space, the regionals are -- we serve all of those. Those are a lot of the Modern Banking Platform business from us. And are really focused on transforming their businesses, not only with new cores, but are really looking at global money movement across the board as they think about their franchises and making sure that they take share there. And we have a lot of products sets there. Then as you move down into the community bank space. As you know, we primarily are the IT and Ops shop for those folks. We run everything, soup to nuts. And what I've heard from them is, look, we want and need FIS to provide the best-in-class products and services because if not, if we're forced to go out, it just becomes very challenging for them in terms of both price, but also adding more vendors in their back office given the tech teams they have. So I would say, we serve all three of those segments very well. They have much different needs and product sets. I think we feel really good about the new talents we brought in, John Durrant leading our Banking Solutions segment and the team that he's putting around him, that's complemented with a lot of the key leaders that we already have here today. And I would also say, for our Capital Markets business, those Nasser Khodri, our President there, those are also serving the largest financial institutions globally. So I think we sit in a really nice spot in terms of having a nice book of business across the board. As you know, we don't serve the smallest community banks or credit unions. We never have. So I think that's a space that you wouldn't look -- see us enter in a significant way. But I think we feel really good about where we are and making sure that our products, that continues to be best-in-class for those banks depending upon what they need. Erik, I'll turn it over to you.
Erik Hoag: Yeah. And also, Darrin, Banking from a recurring revenue perspective, I would think about the back half as steady. Recurring revenue in the first was 4%, second quarter, 3%. I would think about the back half as steady. We've got T. Rowe Price's implementation behind us, so we don't have any customer-specific volatility that we'd expect in the back half.
Darrin Peller: Okay. I was just wondering if there was a grow-over, I guess, where you -- the headwind that was there may not recur, but all right. I mean, at the end of the day, then the recurring steady at 4%, or 3% to 4%, it sounds like that's kind of the new norm, assuming what you're doing right now is already delivering what you need, unless there's more to go on that front.
Stephanie Ferris: I think that's fair. I think it's steady for recurring. I think the grow-overs were largely through those big transactions. The grow-overs now sit in non-recurring for us in the back half of this year, which is what's keeping the overall revenue growth guide down. We still have some lumpiness to go, but it's not in recurring.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to go back to sort of the improvement in sequential growth in EBITDA margins that you mentioned in your early scripted remarks. Could you maybe break down what goes into that in terms of Future Forward benefit versus is the improved mix already flowing through? If you could just break down what goes into that.
Erik Hoag: Hey, Ashwin, it's good to hear from you. Maybe just I'll start with taking a step back on some of the margin improvements that we've made. In the fourth quarter '22, margins were down 320 basis points year-over-year. The first quarter, they were down 190 basis points. The second quarter, they were down 160 basis points. Our third quarter sort of RemainCo at the midpoint, down 50 basis points. So we continued to make progress in margin improvement through the course of the year. I would say predominantly on the back of Future Forward success. I think some of the green shoots that we're seeing on the sales side will take a little bit of time for us to get those customers installed.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. And then just wanted to go back one more time, if I can, to sort of the backlog being flat to down. And I get it, you've been remixing for better future profitability. But does the same principle apply to existing revenue that you're taking a look at contracts that exist and trying to figure out how to remix that, and what's the process for that if that's a consideration? How should we think about future modeling perspective about the impact of that?
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, Ashwin, great question. I think the way to think about that is we've looked at the products in the mix and really took an approach around, can we improve the either variable cost or fixed cost to make those product margins better. As you know, we have long-term client contracts, so it's a little tough to go in and renegotiate those until they're up for their natural renewal. And we have them covered -- the revenue covers the base. So I think about it more in terms of through Future Forward, how do we continue to improve either the variable cost or the overall fixed cost of the product to improve the margin mix broadly.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James Faucette: Thanks very much. I wanted to just quickly go back to backlog and its development and how that may overlap with changes that you've made in salesforce and their focus. I'm just wondering if as the salesforce focuses on more profitable potential business in their Banking segment, et cetera, is there a change in the mix of products at all that could affect how we should think about the evolution of backlog and how that flows through, ultimately, to revenue, or not really?
Stephanie Ferris: Great question. I think, not really, because what you're seeing in backlog -- the challenge with the mix was really around the large strategic transformative deals that we signed. And by the way, it's not that we wouldn't be interested in those deals. We're just not relying on them in terms of how to drive kind of core organic recurring revenue growth. So if and when we have those, we'll let you know. I wouldn't necessarily think that there'd be a material impact to the change in the backlog through the modeling. I just think it will take too long given the tenure of the contracts.
James Faucette: Got it. Got it. Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then I guess just related to the change in outlook more generally, especially that you're looking at, have there been any changes in the macro assumptions that you're looking at? And how are you feeling about what you're seeing in the environment more generally? Just thinking about how that may be impacting the formulation of your comments, if at all.
Erik Hoag: So good to hear from you, James. So taking a step further back. We feel good about the consolidated guide that's gone up broadly. With the results that we have had year-to-date in both Banking and Capital Markets, we feel confident in pulling up the low end of the guide and taking into consideration that we feel the macro is steady.
Operator: And one moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Lisa Ellis: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping to dig in and understand a little bit better the ongoing commercial arrangements between RemainCo, FIS and Worldpay after the partial sale to GTCR. You commented on this a couple of times, Stephanie. Can you just maybe walk through in a little bit more detail what -- how we should think about what commercial arrangements are either already negotiated? In the process of being negotiated? Like what will that arrangement look like on an ongoing basis between the two entities?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, sure. So happy to. So I think, think about Amplify, which is our cross-sell initiative, where we're trying -- where we're selling, acquiring into Banking and Capital Markets clients. And then on the flip side, where we're selling either issuing NYCE loyalty, a lot of those products into our Worldpay clients, so think about the corporate clients there. To-date, that has been very successful since the acquisition. However, there hasn't been any revenue share between the segments because we're one company. So I think as we go into two companies, the way to think about it is a very normal commercial agreement, where whichever distribution channel is selling the other's product, you would expect to get a revenue share to compensate that channel for that product sale on a go-forward basis. We're not going to go back and look at what's been sold and create a revenue share on the historical. It would be a pro forma go-forward only. And we think that's really required for two reasons. One, it will preserve the go-forward synergies between the two companies and partnerships, but also really fair in terms of making sure that we are compensating, just like you would in a normal arm's length arrangement, the distribution channel for the product and the product for the distribution channel. So that's how we think about it most simplistically.
Lisa Ellis: Got it. Okay. And then just maybe as a follow-up related to FedNow. So FIS has been really active in account-to-account networks broadly, globally as well as here in the US. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing in terms of opportunities for FIS, either from FedNow or just more broadly across the account-to-account landscape? Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. Yes. It's absolutely a trend. As you know, we're there. We've been there for a long time. We have a significant amount of banks currently testing and certifying for FedNow. We have over 115 banks in the pipeline. We have the ability to ramp hundreds more in the coming quarters, depending upon demand. We're seeing some early momentum probably a bit more than when the Clearing House launched RTP. As you know, the certification is just the first step, and then it continues on from there. I'd say it's early with these things, Lisa. As you know, there's always a lot of hype and promise. And I think we're right there in terms of enablement. TBD in terms of how fast it ramps, what the overall financial impacts are, but I do think it's a really important trend in the market. And FIS is there to enable whomever would like to use it.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of John Davis with Raymond James. Your line is open.
John Davis: Hey, good morning, guys. Hey, Erik, just a quick clarification. The $3.9 billion to $4 billion, does that include the synergies and Future Forward savings?
Erik Hoag: It does not. So let me just walk it again, John. Thank you for the clarifying question. I referenced $3.9 billion to $4 billion for FIS post transaction, and that is inclusive of the corporate expense estimate for FIS moving forward. From there, we disclosed $200 million of total adjusted EBITDA dis-synergies, split $100 million in revenue, $100 million in incremental operating expense. And then we've also got Future Forward benefit, which is down from $300 million to $215 million as we break Future Forward between FIS and Worldpay.
John Davis: Okay. Thanks. And just as a quick follow-up. On Banking margins, I think on the 4Q call, you said about 50 basis points of expansion for the full year, which would imply second half margins are kind of up 300 basis points to 400 basis points. Is that still the right way to think about? Any color on the 3Q, 4Q cadence would be helpful.
Erik Hoag: Well, the sequencing through the year for Banking margins would continue to improve. I think we get to flat full year Banking margins under the current forecast based on some of the mix shift that we've seen of high-margin onetime revenues coming down.
Operator: Thank you. We do have time for one final question and that will come from the line of Vasu Govil with KBW. Your line is open.
Vasundhara Govil: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. First one for you, Stephanie, on the Banking side. Understanding that you're not relying on for the larger end of the market anymore to sort of get back to your normalized 3% to 5% revenue growth. But what do you think needs to happen to get that going again? Is it mostly a macro issue at this point? Or is there something else that can be done to get signing those deals again?
Stephanie Ferris: Okay. So let me make sure I clarify because I've gotten two questions, and I want to make sure. We are not stepping away from the large financial institution market. I think what we've called out historically is there have been some large strategic transactions like a T. Rowe Price, for example, where that is a transformative type deal for the institution. Those are not normal backlog type sales. So we're not stepping away from large financial institutions. What I think we've been trying to say is we're not going to rely on those large strategic transactions as a driver for the underlying medium-term cycle guidance for the company of 3% to 5%. We are still absolutely interested in those and pipelining those. We would call them out more specifically. But those were contributors, if you look back at the last couple of years to a couple of percentage points of growth overall in Banking. And so as you think about those normalizing out, and you're coming down from a mid to upper single-digit number, we would think about, like we said, for FIS RemainCo, the 3% to 5% cycle guide on more of a more normalized backlog that doesn't include those. Now to the extent we continue to absolutely participate in those in terms of sales processes. And as we think about those and those opportunities and should we win one of those, which does come with a different margin profile, most of the time, we'd be very transparent in terms of that and wouldn't expect to have it as part of our normal recurring backlog activity. So hopefully, that clarifies. I apologize if I created any confusion with that.
Vasundhara Govil: No, that's absolutely clear. I guess I was just wondering like what do you think it takes for you to start winning some of those deals again? Because we just haven't -- because I think end of last year, you started to allow an elongation in sales cycle for those large types of deals. And I was just wondering if that's more of a macro issue at that point? That you aren't just making those decisions or there's something that could be done to drive that, I guess.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. No. Yes. Sorry. Sorry. Thanks for clarifying. Those are macro. Those large transformative deals where banks are making strategic decisions, whether they want to be in businesses, whether they want to use an outsourced partner or whether they want to be in a hybrid part of that partnership, we saw those slow down at the end of last year. They're all still looking at them. Those cycles are still elongated, as you can imagine. With the focus on deposits, the banks have really refocused a lot in terms of deposit gathering, although they still have a very keen eye towards profitability. So those types of transactions typically do drive profitability. But broadly, I'd say the banks are really focused on deposits and deposit gathering as their primary activity and are moving into profitability. So I think, again, I think it's more macro. And I think Tien-Tsin mentioned, if you're hearing from IT outsourced providers, a lot of those big transformative deals are slowing down from a macro standpoint.
Vasundhara Govil: That's super helpful. Thank you. And a quick -- if I may ask a quick follow-up to Erik. You've laid out the $200 million of dis-synergies on the FIS side. I just wanted to make sure that we were backing into the right number on the Worldpay side as well as we sort of think about the minority interest that will flow back to Worldpay. And we were backing into something like $250 million on the Worldpay side. Is that sort of in the ballpark? And how would you split that between revenues and costs?
Erik Hoag: Yes. Good question. The Worldpay side, it would be $200 million of OpEx dis-synergies and roughly $100 million of revenue dis-synergies for a total EBITDA impact of $300 million.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. George Mihalos for any closing remarks.
George Mihalos: Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Please feel free to reach out with any questions on Investor Relations and we'll speak with you soon.
Operator: Thank you all for participating. This concludes today's program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 15:20:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the FIS First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. George Mihalos, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for the FIS first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. This call is being webcasted. Today's news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. With me on the call this morning are Stephanie Ferris, our CEO and President; and our CFO, Erik Hoag. Stephanie will lead the call with a strategic and operational update, followed by Eric reviewing our financial results and provide forward guidance. Turning to Slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information is presented in our earnings release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Stephanie.
Stephanie Ferris : Thank you, George, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. I'm pleased to report that FIS is off to a very strong start in 2023. Our financial results exceeded our expectations on all key metrics: revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS. Organic revenue growth outperformed across all three of our operating segments. This outperformance was driven by a combination of both stronger executions, as well as better-than-anticipated macroeconomic impacts, including consumer spending and higher levels of deposit account and transaction growth across the financial services sector. Heritage FIS, which includes our banking and capital markets businesses, posted strong recurring revenue growth of 6%. Merchant revenue grew 2% driven by 15% organic growth in our e-commerce business, well ahead of the broader market. We remain focused on improving cash flow and efficiency across the company and are on track to delivering on our greater than 80% free cash flow conversion target for the year. These are very strong results against our expectations and can be attributed to our leadership team and our colleagues across the globe, all pulling together to build our future forward. I'm extremely proud of the team, and I'm very excited about and confident in the future of FIS. As a result of our strong performance, I am pleased to announce we are raising our full year outlook. First quarter results meaningfully exceeded our expectations, reflecting stronger revenue growth of 3% across the enterprise. Solid execution and a more favorable macro environment fueled this outperformance. Banking and Capital Markets recurring revenue growth of 6% exceeded our expectations, benefiting from elevated financial services activity, including higher levels of deposit account and transaction growth. Within the Merchant segment, improved execution and stronger consumer spend drove most of the revenue upside. E-commerce had another very strong quarter with 18% organic growth, excluding the Russia-Ukraine impact in the quarter, contributing an additional point of merchant revenue growth relative to our internal expectations. We are updating our second quarter and full year guidance to reflect consistent trends from the first quarter to the second quarter, with a very slight moderation in the high levels of trading volume experienced in Q1. Our outlook for the full year has strengthened relative to the outlook we provided in February across all of our operating segments. Given our overall strong results and improving operating performance, we are increasing our full year 2023 outlook, while continuing to account for risk associated with macroeconomic impacts to our Merchant segment in the back half of the year. We understand the importance of delivering on our commitments and are confident in our recently raised outlook. We continue moving forward with a high sense of urgency and are making progress across our range of initiatives. The spin-off of Worldpay is on track. We are making meaningful progress both internally with the formation of our separation management office and externally with our regulators. Our Future Forward initiatives, designed to drive greater efficiency, effectiveness and growth, is off to an exceptional start. I'm confident we will not only deliver on our 2023 cash savings target of $500 million, but achieve at least our $1.25 billion of cash savings target by year-end 2024. On the governance front, we've taken broad steps forward to align all management compensation with operating share price performance. These changes were made in order to further align our executive compensation programs with long-term shareholder interest. We've also reorientated our sales force compensation plans to align to our stated goal of pursuing high-quality, higher-margin deals. We are driving a performance-based culture both tops down and bottoms up across the globe. We are making good progress preparing for the planned spin-off of the Worldpay business. This is a testament to the hard work, focus and dedication of our FIS colleagues and business partners tasked with marshalling forward the separation quickly. We are making meaningful progress having created a separation management office to work with both Charles Drucker, he and me. In addition to working towards securing required regulatory approvals, we are urgently negotiating commercial revenue and separation agreements across the two companies with an eye towards minimizing business disruption and dis-synergies. While we are not yet ready to provide formal dis-synergy estimates on this call, we are actively working to minimize the impact of any dis-synergies. I'd like to offer a framework for thinking through the potential impact, which we believe will be very manageable. Previously, the company disclosed that it achieved a total of $750 million in revenue synergies and $500 million of operating expense synergies post the Worldpay acquisition. We expect to maintain the majority of the $750 million revenue synergy achievement, with Worldpay continuing to act as an important distribution partner for FIS post spin. We also expect to maintain a meaningful portion of FIS Worldpay operating expense integration savings. Additionally, my partnership with Charles Drucker is already bringing focus to the business and is driving meaningful results in key areas, such as sales execution, and maximizing pricing opportunities across all of FIS. As I mentioned earlier, our enterprise transformation program Future Forward is off to a great start. We are confident not only achieving our targeted $500 million of cash savings in 2023, but have direct line of sight into executing on the additional $750 million of cash savings expected in 2024, while investing in improved client service and next-generation product development for our clients. As of first quarter of 2023, we've achieved a total cash savings on an annual run rate basis in excess of $210 million. We expect operating expense savings to accelerate over the course of the year. While we are reiterating our Future Forward cash savings target of at least $1.2 billion -- $1.25 billion for year-end 2024, the team is continuing to identify additional opportunities across the enterprise to unlock growth, efficiency and effectiveness for FIS and our clients. While we are confident the program will deliver meaningful cash savings for FIS, it will not come at the expense of clients who remain at the center of our decision-making. We believe our solid first quarter recurring revenue growth underscores the importance of our customers' place on our offerings and services and our commitment to their own future. Given recent events across the global banking sector, we want to provide you with an update regarding trends across our banking segment. While recent developments have driven volatility in markets and across the banking sector, we do not expect this activity to impact us significantly in the near term, and believe FIS is well positioned to be a beneficiary of the recent disruption in the long term. Our confidence is underpinned both by current factors we are presently seeing in our business and historical precedent, which points to resilient bank IT spend following periods of financial duress. A recent study by Curinos, a leading provider of data, technology and insights to financial institutions noted: Recent events should have a limited impact on near-term revenue for core processors as the current situation is impacting deposit balances, not accounts. Additionally, technology processing spend across the banking industry has also historically been resilient during prior challenging cycles of uncertainty. In line with Curinos perspective, since the onset of the SVB fallout in early March, we have seen elevated increases in our accounts on file serviced across our core platforms, which is the primary driver of our banking revenue. The resilience and accounts on file is not surprising to us. It aligns with what the banking industry experienced during prior challenging periods as the Curinos study noted, and supports our confidence in our outlook for the banking segment. As depositors disperse funds across multiple bank accounts, ultimately driving more account growth, FIS is well positioned to benefit as a leading provider of core banking technology, particularly to large financial institutions, which is the primary base of our FIS business. Additionally, to the extent the recent turbulence results in increased regulation, FIS is well positioned to benefit across both the banking and capital markets segments. FIS boasts a highly diversified customer base with no one client accounting for more than 1% of company revenue. Given our SKU towards somewhat larger banks, consolidation across the FIS space should benefit us as we would expect these larger banks, many of which are FIS customers, to be the buyers of distressed financial institutions, and this is exactly what we've seen play out thus far with respect to recently sold failed financial banks. Additionally, 60% of our revenue growth is predominantly tied to accounts and 40% to transactions. Since the SVB announcement, we've seen a modest acceleration in accounts on file and transaction volumes remain steady. Given these dynamics, we do not anticipate a significant impact to our business associated with the recent events. Before turning it over to Eric, I'd like to close with a quick refresh of the new agenda we introduced just a few short months ago and the significant progress we are making executing against this goal. As you can see, we are moving urgently to put FIS on a path for sustained value creation for all stakeholders. The macroeconomic conditions, whether consumer or financial services related, have positively impacted our results in the first quarter. And regardless of whether they remain or decline from this point forward, we are confident enough to raise our outlook for the year. The planned spin-off of Worldpay is on track, creating two world-class companies with a sharpened focus on their respective client bases. Our Future Forward initiative is progressing ahead of schedule, accelerating the transformation of FIS into a more agile and efficient company better positioned to drive innovation. And lastly, we're focused on returning Heritage FIS back to the compounder model of the past, with a focus on steady revenue growth, margin expansion, improved free cash flow generation and a sustainable double-digit total shareholder return. With that, let me turn it over to Eric, who will take you through the financials. Eric?
Erik Hoag: Thanks, Stephanie, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I'll begin on Slide 14 with some additional detail on our financial results before moving into our increased guidance, future forward achievement and capital allocation priorities for Heritage FIS. Our first quarter results exceeded our expectations across all financial metrics. Revenue increased 3% organically to $3.5 billion, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 38.7% and adjusted EPS of $1.29. Revenue growth came in 2 points above the high end of our outlook. As Stephanie mentioned, this outperformance was driven by a combination of both stronger operating performance, as well as better-than-anticipated macroeconomic impacts, including consumer spending and higher levels of deposit account and transaction growth across the financial services sector. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS exceeded expectations through both operational strength and the benefit in net interest expense. Moving to cash flow on our balance sheet. Capital expenditures decreased 32% year-over-year to $279 million or 8% of revenue, reflecting the benefits of our Future Forward initiatives. We generated free cash flow of $641 million or 84% conversion, and returned over $300 million to our shareholders through dividends. Lastly, we exited the quarter with $20 billion in total debt, yielding a leverage ratio of 3.2 times at a weighted average interest rate of 3%. Turning to our Heritage FIS results on Slide 15. We're pleased to report organic revenue growth of 4%, driven by 6% recurring revenue growth. Our backlog continues to be strong and durable, exiting the quarter at $22.5 billion. As previously mentioned, our sales teams are transitioning to target higher quality, more profitable new sales which will drive sustainable high-margin growth. Because of this, we would anticipate some softness in backlog over the short term as the team aligns to these initiatives. This change in sales initiatives is fully incorporated into the increased outlook for the year. Ultimately, the result of this will be higher quality new sales, laying the foundation for sustainable growth in revenue, EBITDA and cash flow, while providing best-in-class capabilities for our clients, as well as emphasizing our high-margin, sticky recurring revenue offerings. Overall, this is a very strong start to the year for Heritage FIS segments as we saw stronger-than-anticipated operating performance, driving results above our expectations. At the segment level, Banking increased 2% organically in the quarter, which was 2 points above the high end of our outlook. This outlook was underpinned by recurring revenue growth of 4%, which exceeded our expectations. Strength in recurring revenue was driven by strong execution from our business in conjunction with elevated account and transaction growth during the quarter. As expected, adjusted EBITDA margins contracted 250 basis points to 40.1%, primarily driven by a 23% reduction in termination fees and onetime license revenue. This performance in margin improved compared to our fourth quarter results, and we continue to anticipate sequential margin improvement through 2023, leading to expansion in the back half of the year. For the second quarter, we are anticipating banking organic revenue growth of 0% to 2%, which incorporates a continued reduction in nonrecurring revenue, and we remain confident in meeting or exceeding our organic growth outlook for the year. Turning to our capital markets results and outlook on Slide 17. Capital markets increased 7% organically in the quarter, exceeding the high end of our outlook by 2 points. The overperformance in the quarter was underpinned by 11% recurring revenue growth, with a 4-point tailwind associated with elevated activity in the financial services industry. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 30 basis points to 48.2%. Margin expansion in the quarter was driven by high contribution margins on our revenue growth as well as the underlying strength of the one-to-many operating model. We continue to see resilient strength in the operating performance of Capital Markets, and believe our multiyear transition to SaaS-based engagements has laid the foundation for resilient growth. For the second quarter, we anticipate organic revenue growth of 4% to 6%, primarily associated with an assumption of recurring revenue normalizing off the elevated growth seen in the first quarter. For the year, we're reiterating our outlook of 4% to 6%, inclusive of a tough license compare in the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 18. Our Merchant segment increased 2% organically, exceeding the high end of our outlook by 2 points as we saw better-than-expected consumer spending and accelerated growth in e-commerce. Broadly speaking, we're seeing continued strength in our e-commerce subsegment, accelerating to 15% in the quarter with strong sales and exceptional growth in our Worldplay for Platforms offering. Worldplay for Platforms continues to benefit from our ongoing investments and renewed leadership structure, and we continue to see a significant opportunity in this attractive vertical. Our SMB and enterprise subsegments saw trends similar to our fourth quarter 2022 results. Consistent with our guide, margins contracted 350 basis points to 43.5%, primarily due to unfavorable revenue mix. Global volume increased 9% on a constant currency basis to $551 billion. This acceleration was a result of stronger consumer spend across our enterprise and e-commerce subsegments. In the quarter, volume growth outpaced revenue growth as a result of higher spend in nondiscretionary verticals, for example, grocery and drug store, market share gains within the PayFac vertical. Turning to Slide 19 for a further review of Heritage Worldpay's outlook for the year. As we entered the year, we had anticipated organic revenue decline of 2% to 4%. The guide reflected a 300-basis point headwind associated with attrition in the SMB subsegment, and further macro deterioration impacting growth by an additional 500 basis points. Our first quarter results outperformed our expectations by 2 points compared to the high end of our outlook. While the business continues to be impacted by the headwinds in the SMB subsegment, consumer spending performed better than expected in the U.S. and the U.K. As a result, we're updating our second quarter and full year guidance to reflect relatively consistent trends from the first quarter to the second quarter, and improved consumer spend in the back half of the year. Because of this, we now anticipate second quarter organic revenue growth of negative 1% to plus 1%, and full year organic revenue growth of down 2% to 1%, a material improvement compared to initial expectations. This outlook for the second quarter assumes relatively similar trends across our subsegments compared to the first quarter. On the margin front, we will continue to see improvements through the year consistent with normal seasonality and further aided by our Future Forward initiatives. Turning to Slide 20 for a review of our increased 2023 guidance. Given our strong start to the year, we're confidently increasing our full year 2023 outlook to incorporate the overperformance seen in the first quarter. Specifically, we're increasing our revenue and EBITDA ranges by $85 million and $35 million, respectively, accounting for a $0.06 increase in our adjusted earnings per share outlook for the year. This increase is aligned directly to our first quarter results compared to the high end of our prior guide. Our increased outlook over the remainder of the year has strengthened relative to the outlook we provided in February, based on the current trends in our businesses. With that in mind, for the year, we now anticipate consolidated organic revenue growth of 0% to 1%, adjusted EBITDA margins of 41.5% to 42.2% and adjusted earnings per share of $5.76 to $6.06. As I stated in our last earnings call, our philosophy continues to remain conservative in our forward projections as we continue to build credibility and deliver on our commitments. This increased outlook continues to account for risk associated with macroeconomic impact in our Merchant segment, and we would anticipate further upside if macro trends remain stable. As previously mentioned, we continue to anticipate margin improvement over the course of 2023 as we ramp the benefits associated with Future Forward, and we're reiterating our outlook for free cash flow conversion of over 80%. Lastly, we provided additional assumptions on our forward guidance in the appendix, as well as a revised 2022 organic base to account for some small shifts in our operating segment rollouts. Turning to Slide 21 for a financial update on Future Forward. We remain committed to rightsizing our expense base while ensuring minimal impact to our clients or colleagues. Aligned to this commitment, Future Forward centers around investing in sales and support, automating and improving processes and improving the ways we work. As Stephanie mentioned, we're reiterating our targets for operational expense savings of $300 million exiting 2023 and $600 million exiting 2024. We had a strong start to the year with annual run rate savings of over $100 million exiting the quarter, with an in-quarter benefit of over $15 million. We continue to target a $200 million reduction in capital expenditures during 2023, with an incremental $100 million reduction in 2024. In the quarter, we achieved annualized CapEx savings of over $110 million as we executed rapidly on the Future Forward initiative. We're extremely pleased with our early progress, and we'll continue to provide quarterly updates on achievement throughout the program. I'll conclude with a recap of our capital allocation priorities for Heritage FIS on Slide 22. Following the successful execution of the spin, Heritage FIS will remain focused on reducing debt, increasing our dividend and utilizing excess capital for share repurchase or tuck-in M&A. First, we continue to target a long-term leverage ratio of approximately 2.8 times. To achieve this, we would anticipate reducing total debt, while also benefiting from adjusted EBITDA growth over a multiyear period. Next, we remain committed to a 35% dividend payout ratio for Heritage FIS. Following these two pillars, we will utilize excess cash or debt capacity for share repurchase or optionality around tuck-in M&A opportunities. Our default use of excess capital will prioritize share repurchase at current valuations while we assess M&A opportunities in their risk-adjusted returns. This capital allocation strategy is conservative in nature, while providing a robust value proposition for long-term shareholder value over a multiyear period. I'd like to thank everyone for their time this morning. Operator, would you please open the line for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And today's first question will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Great. Thank you, so much. I appreciate all the disclosure and the good results. I wanted to dive in on the banking side, which is really good to see. And just maybe Stephanie and Eric, just check your confidence in maintaining the 0% to 2% outlook here on banking. Because when I think about the inputs, I think about backlog conversion, attrition, pricing. I mean you commented on the underlying recurring revenue growth through deposits. So, is the formula different now than maybe what we saw with the banking turmoil and SVB, et cetera? Any thoughts there?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Thanks, Tien-Tsin. Yes, so happy with the output for first quarter. Very confident in our guide for banking. I think what you've seen is, as we came into this year, we had expected backlog growth to mute. That was in our guide, and we're not seeing any incremental impact from anything going on in the banking business. What we're seeing is organic growth, and you saw it come through in the first quarter as we benefit from accounts across the financial services landscape increasing broadly across our portfolio.  So, we're seeing net new deposit accounts and, broadly, net new financial services accounts across our entire portfolio. So, we feel really good about the organic growth. You can see it there in our first quarter, and we feel really good about the guide.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Great. I appreciate all that. Slide 11 is really useful. But just on the Merchant front, with -- Eric, I think you talked about the spread there. Can you just maybe give a little bit more on what's driving that mix versus pricing? I know you mentioned the PayFac piece, but a little bit more would be great. Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Tien-Tsin, I'll take that, and Eric can add on if he'd like to. So, look, we were really pleased with the volume growth. So just kind of starting at the top, you saw what we saw, really strong volume growth, that was driven by both our enterprise book which performed a little bit better than we expected from a volume standpoint and really strong e-commerce activity in the first quarter. So, as you come into the yield dynamic, there's really two pieces coming into impact to the yield. The first is our nondiscretionary. So, think -- in our enterprise book, things like Kroger, and drug store or grocery and drug, those became a higher mix. And as you know, those are priced on transactions, not on volume. And so those drove a little bit of a lower yield off the higher volume. And then the second thing is we continue to take pretty significant market share gains in our PayFac business, which is very strategic for us, which, as you know, is a lower-yielding, higher-volume piece of our business. So those two really drove the yield impact in the fourth quarter. We do expect to see sequential yield improvement each quarter throughout the rest of the year as we continue to perform positively, and the mix resets itself. But those are the two big reasons.
Operator: One moment for our next questions. And that will come from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James Faucette: Thanks, very much. Wanted to talk a little bit just about your expectations for the macro environment generally. Obviously, the first quarter came in a little bit stronger with better economic resilience than you anticipated in your original outlook. If we look at the magnitude of beat versus the guidance raise, it seems like that we're not increasing the guidance quite as much as the beat this quarter. Have you just anticipated that some of that weakness that you originally built in kind of pushed out? Or can you just talk through the assumptions that leads you to that kind of current guidance outlook?
Erik Hoag: Sure. Maybe I'll start with -- so when we provided guidance a quarter ago, we provided 500 basis points of presumed headwind in the guide associated with Merchant macro. The full year guide at the time was minus 2% to minus 4%, we have increased the Merchant guide from -- to minus 1%, minus 2%. The midpoint of the guide has improved by 150 basis points. I would think about the remaining residual Merchant macro headwind and at roughly 350 basis points.
James Faucette: Got it. Got it. And then as far as on to the work being done for the eventual split, et cetera. I know that you're kind of working through that. What's your sense in terms of if we -- if there are any incremental changes that may be needed in interest expense? And how should we think about the timing of when we'll be able to start to look at what capital structure will look like? I think you've been very clear what -- particularly you want the Heritage FIS overall view to be, but just wondering how we should think about the timing and other factors that need to be taken into account besides these dis-synergies.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So, James, we are diligently working. Hopefully, everyone can see we're working at pace to try and get all of that down. Don't have a good update for you right now, as you might expect, as we work through it. And Charles is in here working with us very tightly in terms of thinking through all those pieces. I think as we get closer to the spin, we'll have a view of that. I can't really make a commitment in terms of next quarter, but you should know that we're working really tightly towards it. But until we have a really -- a much stronger view, can't really give you much of a guide there yet.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Your line is open.
Dave Koning: Hi, guys, and Great job.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you.
Dave Koning: Yes. I guess my first question, capital markets, you mentioned something about some elevated -- or elevated activity creating kind of a 4% tailwind in the quarter. What was that? And is that some -- is that somewhat of a less recurring part that falls off a little in Q2?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Thanks for asking that question. So, lots of trading volume, right, across all of our banking cores as well as across our capital markets business. We saw trading volume at a peak that we haven't seen since COVID. So that business and the leader of that business did a fantastic job supporting all of that volume growth.  And that's what drove a couple of percentage points of the beat in recurring revenue that we had posted. So, as we come into the second quarter, we're slightly moderating that growth back down as we're starting to see people moderate in terms of transaction volume across those portfolios, but it's still pretty elevated.
Dave Koning: Got you. And maybe just a follow-up question. In Merchant, I think the first half, the way you're guiding is a little better than the back half. But I think to Tien-Tsin's question, you said the yield impact gets a little better through the course of the year. So, does that mean volume decelerates a little bit through the year?
Stephanie Ferris: I think that's a fair or a fair assumption as you think about it. Yes, we would think 9% volume in the first quarter was really strong. As we think about it coming into the back half of the year, we think about a bit of moderation just on a conservative guide.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Rayna Kumar with UBS.
Rayna Kumar: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to ask about FedNow, since it's going to be released in July, what will FIS will be with that release? And do you view it as an opportunity here?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Thanks for the question. We're in a very tight partnership with the Fed. We're in the process of enabling our financial institutions to roll out FedNow across our entire client base. So, we'll continue to play a major role in the adoption of the FedNow rails. For us, it's another payment medium coming to the market, which is what we specialize in, in terms of thinking about all the payment methods we enable globally across our distribution channels. We're pretty excited about the enablement of that on behalf of our financial institutions. It's definitely an opportunity for FIS, but it's a little bit too early for us to see the size of the opportunity. But we were enabled and ready. And as financial institutions adopt it, we're ready to help them put it -- make it become live.
Rayna Kumar: Got it. That's helpful. And then I just can't ask about Payrix. You've owned that for a year now. Can you talk about the progress of the acquisition and how it's altering your go-to-market strategy in the SMB space?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So, our Payrix acquisition is hitting on all cylinders. You can see it's a big part of the e-commerce growth story that we're seeing. As, that to we brought that capability in-house, which really helped solidify our Worldpay per platforms offering out to those software platforms that want to either integrate payments, embed payments or become a PayFac. So, we have a full suite of offering now offered out the Worldplay for Platforms offering. It is growing significantly. The volume is growing significantly. We couldn't be more pleased with the success of it.
Operator: One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Lisa Ellis: Thanks, for taking my question. Terrific. Stephanie, I was hoping maybe you could comment a little bit on initiatives you have underway on the talent side as you're going through the transformation at FIS. Just thinking about things like are you bringing in some external talent, what are you doing around sort of retaining and making sure morale is improved or maintained throughout this period. Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Thanks for the question, Lisa. Yes. So, look, I stand on an amazing culture and talent here as I come into FIS. It's one of the reasons I came back to FIS and rejoining such a talented leadership team. But as you might expect, there's some folks here who have wanted to move into retirement, as Eric took on Woody's role as he moved into retirement. So, we are changing out the leadership team as those folks want to move on. I think we're really excited about -- we just recently brought on a new Chief Technology Officer. We brought on a new President of Platforms and Enterprise products. So really looking at focusing on the product and technology and making sure that we can continue to deliver our best-in-class products and services out to our clients. Martin Boyd retired last year, we brought on a new Head of Banking Solutions. So really focusing on balancing the great talent that's here and bringing in some really impressive new, talent and bringing them together as a team to work on bringing FIS Future Forward.
Lisa Ellis: Great. Thank you. And then this one maybe it could be free to view I guess. But just a follow-up on Banking Solutions, can you just remind us the mix within Banking Solutions of recurring versus nonrecurring professional services, sort of how you think about that segmentation, and then maybe elaborate a little bit on the comments around pivoting the sales team to focusing on more kind of higher quality recurring revenues, kind of what's that change? Thank you.
Erik Hoag: Lisa, it's Eric. Thanks for the question. In the first quarter, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we saw a significant decline in nonrecurring revenue in banking, e.g., we're seeing an increase in recurring revenue. So, the split between recurring and nonrecurring was roughly 86.14 in the first quarter. And then from a sales perspective, Stephanie, do you want to...
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So, as I started -- as I mentioned in the fourth quarter, we hired a chief -- new Chief Revenue Officer and we started pivoting the sales team to focus on higher margin, higher profitability products. We have an amazing set of products at FIS, really spans the gamut in terms of everything that a financial services company would need, a payments company would need. And we've done a great job on sales. You can see that from our backlog. But as we come into 2023 and beyond, and we really focused on delivering below the line margin expansion, et cetera, we've repivoted them back to driving sales into the higher-margin products, trying to get our margins back in line with expectations. And so, as we did that, you're going to see our backlog start to flatten. That was our expectation. We would expect to see that happen in the short term here. That was all baked into our original outlook, it's baked into our current outlook and the transition is going well.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. I wanted to actually maybe pick up right there where you left off, Stephanie, just on banking and the backlog. Understanding it will take some time to fully implement this updated go-to-market strategy, what do you think backlog growth starts to resume? And then what are the implications of the newer go-to-market strategy for your medium-term outlook on banking?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Great question, Jason. So, I think backlog expectations are going to remain muted for the rest of the year as we reposition the pipeline and put the higher-margin products ahead of the lower-margin products. So, on a short-term basis, I would expect it to be muted. I think as we come into 2024, though, I feel really good about where we're going to end up in terms of new sales. And then we're also really focused on the other levers. So, if you think about focusing on attrition compression, pricing and new sales as well as the positive organic we're seeing again in the business, we feel really good as we come into 2024 and 2025, that some of those levers we can pull on and bring us back to growth. And then if you remember, a lot of the reason, in 2023, our growth was muted in the Banking Solutions businesses because we're growing over a lot of termination and nonrecurring fees. And we're really focusing the sales force on driving recurring revenue. And so, as we just lapped that in 2024, that will drive a couple of percentage points of growth for us.
Erik Hoag: Yes. And Jason, maybe just to add on to that for a moment. If you look at our first quarter results for recurring revenue in Banking Solutions, we did have 2% organic, but we did have 4% recurring revenue growth in the quarter. A little bit of a proof point in the -- through the lens of the normalized 3% to 5% growth range that we talked about a quarter ago.
Jason Kupferberg: Helpful. Yes. That's a great data point. Maybe just switching gears to merchant for a second. What would you say is really driving the higher outlook for the year? I mean which segment, is it more on the enterprise side, the SMB, the e-com? Is it is a little bit of all of the above? And just anything you might be able to share with respect to what you've seen in April in Merchant volume and transaction trends.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. I think generally, consumer spend across all of our segments and then better operating performance. It's really across all three. But we're very, very bullish on our e-commerce business. We continue to drive all of our investments in there. Payrix is in there. It's going very well. But I would say it's really across the board. We did see some moderation in recession in U.K. But I'd say it's generally across the board.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. When we look at the banking and cap markets, effectively, the remainco post spin, just remind us, if you don't mind the algorithm on that business you'd expect. I know obviously investment grade, looking at the long-term targets, it would seem to be somewhere in the, call it, 3% to 6% if you look across banking and cap markets. Are you -- strategically speaking, in terms of banking first, are you still thinking about more of the singles and doubles? And are you incorporating a large bank in that -- or a large win into that guide yet? But more importantly, long term, can you just remind us on the bridge from where we're growing now to get back to that level?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. I think we laid this out in our fourth quarter call. So happy to reiterate that. As you think about -- I think we said 3% to 5% plus for Heritage FIS. And as you think about that, banking should we accelerate on its own given its organic growth components as we grow over. Two things in 2020 or 2023, it's impacting. One is the large strategic sales, and we don't have any of those in our 2023 forecast and we wouldn't expect to need them to hit our medium-term 3% to 5% heritage FIS growth. That would be incremental to that. But if you recall, we are, in 2023, growing over a lot of our nonrecurring. And so that is a 1% or 2% point lift as we grow over that in 2024. So, we feel really good about the midterm 3% to 5% for Heritage FIS as we benefit from those two things.
Darrin Peller: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up on the potential for the dis-synergies. I think you had mentioned or you alluded to on the prepared comments that you're doing everything you can to minimize that to almost nothing or no dis-synergies. Obviously, I know that's probably not going to be zero, but it does sound like you're building confidence that it's not going to be that much or maybe as much as some out there would have been saying. Can you give us a little more follow-up? I know we're not prepared for a full -- for an exact number yet.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, happy to. So, look, I think what I said is and talking about the revenue synergies, we would expect to retain the majority of those previously achieved. I mean we feel really good about that. Worldpay will continue to be a distribution partner for us, and we're in the process of building out a commercial partnership arrangement with them. So, we feel really good about that. On the operating expense side, I think, I said that we would look to maintain a meaningful portion of those. And then obviously, we would look to manage anything that's left over. They're not going to be zero. It's just not possible. But we are looking to manage them, and we're working very diligently.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Vasu Govil with KBW. Your line is open.
Vasu Govil: Hi, thanks, for taking my question, and congratulations on a strong quarter. I guess, Stephanie, just starting on the banking side maybe, has the nature of your conversations with bank clients changed over the course of the last month given what's gone on in banking? And any insights on what they're thinking in terms of tax spend? And is there a risk that current events will further elongate the new sales cycle?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Let me start by saying we are seeing no elongation of the sales cycle. The majority of what's happening in the banking side is specific to certain banks. You can see that we're seeing net new accounts across the portfolio as consumers are spreading out their accounts across banks, which is generally net positive for most of the banks. I would say for us, what's really important and continues to solidify our partnership and our importance in the ecosystem, is as banks go through whatever volatility they're dealing with, we're very important to making sure that all those deposit accounts get opened, all those money market accounts get opened and that we stand, our systems are very stable and up and running. So, we participate hand in glove with our financial institutions no matter what's going on. And I would say through this quarter, I'm just incredibly proud of the team, because I could see again how important we are to the financial system ecosystem. And we had a lot of our clients just thank us profusely in terms of whatever their activity was going, whether they had more accounts, whether some of their accounts -- or they need more reporting and our systems remained up and stable. I couldn't thank my team more. So that was a lot of our activity this quarter. What they're thinking, I think, is really consistent with what they've been thinking, which is how do they continue to digitize and modernize the banking platforms. And it's impossible for these financial institutions not to continue to focus on the technology spend they need because, as you know, their consumers are still not coming back in branch. So, the need to deliver financial services and products to them digitally omnichannel, et cetera. it's not stopping. In fact, it becomes even more important. So, we're not seeing any slowdown in backlog. We're not seeing any slowdown in conversations around needing, needing those products and services that really help them garner more new business. So, I'd say the environment remains positive and stable.
Vasu Govil: Great. Thank you. And a quick follow-up on the Merchant segment. I sort of got the comment that you were expecting a slight deceleration in volumes in the second quarter. Anything specific you can talk about April relative to the first quarter? And then any big differences you were seeing in the U.S. versus U.K.? Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. So, April trends are very consistent with March trends. Our first quarter trends were consistent with what everybody else has told you. January and February were elevated as everybody grew over COVID. March moderated slightly, but still very strong. And March and April are pretty consistent. So, feel really good coming into the second quarter. But they do modestly decelerate as you think about January and February. U.S., U.K., U.S. consumer continues to be very strong. And I think everybody saw in the first quarter was stronger than we expected coming out of the fourth quarter. So not seeing any net detail there quite yet. The U.K. is moderating. I would say it's not starting to improve, but it's a decline is slightly moderating. So, it did slightly better than we expected. It's going to have easier grow-overs as we go throughout the year, and we're anticipating that, that environment gets a little bit more positive. But I wouldn't call that yet in terms of improving.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dan Perlin: Good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask a question around the Worldpay spin. I mean we've had a lot of detail in the quarter here. But can you just remind us, Stephanie, when you're thinking about the acquisitions that you really need to target within that space -- I would say a couple of things. One is maybe offer up what you're thinking in terms of size of acquisitions that would be required to help, I guess, pick some of the degradation that you see in SMB. And then what do you see in the current environment? Like right now, do you see possible opportunities? Understanding that this is going to take place late in '23, maybe early '24, but I'm just trying to get a sense of your planning when you start to think about allocating to M&A for that?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. It's a great question, Dan. And as you might expect, Charles and I have been very active in these conversations. So, look, I think the great thing about Worldpay is it is a scaled platform with global distribution. And you can see through even our Payrix asset, you can -- if you find the right product and the right distribution channel, put it on the platform and it will drive incremental revenue and incremental margin. So, I think it's really exciting in terms of where to go there. I think as we think about the merchant business growing and getting it back to mid-single and then he'll, one, accelerate to upper single. I think the business he can get back on track in terms of mid-single with higher execution as he comes into '24 and '25. And then I think about acquisitions really delivering a point or 2 percentage points of revenue growth for him. I think there's a lot of opportunities out there. I think we bring a lot of distribution scale to those types of companies. I suspect he'll want to continue to drive the e-commerce business. As we've talked about strategically, we'd like to see that become 50% of the overall revenue of the company. But not quite prepared yet to talk about the who and the what as he starts to strategically evolve that. But I'm -- as, I'm pretty bullish about our ability to do M&A in that segment and drive outsized revenue and EBITDA margin growth given the scale and distribution of the platform. Daniel Rock Perlin RBC Capital Markets, Research Division – Information Technology Analyst Yes. And we're looking forward to it, too. Just a quick one on banking. With the expectation of all the regulations, maybe getting elevated within the system and maybe in particular on smaller banks, like can you just remind us, maybe specifically, how you guys are positioned to benefit from that? And especially given the asset charge that you gave us the new slide, it's obviously do tilt towards larger financial institutions. So where would you see most of that regulation fall in your opinion? Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, happy to. So, we absolutely think there'll be more regulation, just like everybody else does. We deal with very complex regulation on the capital market side. We have really, really good products that we use over there for financial institutions that are global in nature that are heavily regulated. Those products are very, very applicable as we think about bringing them into the banking solutions side of the house. My President of Banking and President of Capital Markets and I are already in process of bringing those over, starting to educate our larger financial institutions about that product sets. We're getting a very high interest rate. And those are things that help people manage liquidity, capital requirements, deposit flows, regulatory requirements, Tier 1 capital ratios. So, we have a nice product set that we think we can leverage and bring over, and we think that's pretty differentiated.
Operator: One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Togut: Thank you, and good morning. You called out continued market share gains in the e-com portion of Worldpay, could you talk about what's actually driving the share gains in e-com? Is it within specific verticals? Is it more cross border? Any detail would be appreciated.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. I think it's improved sales execution across e-commerce. As you guys know, we're a global e-commerce shop. We serve a lot of verticals. We serve global multinational companies. One very strong beneficiary of the growth is Payrix or Worldpay for Platforms, that's growing significantly year-over-year and contributing a high level of growth there, which, as, -- is allowing us to access more of the SMB part of the e-commerce market through platforms. But I would say, generally, it's widespread. And it's doing very well in terms of operating performance and benefiting from obviously increased consumer spend broadly across the market.
David Togut: Understood. And just as a follow-up, in your prepared remarks, you underscored at least $1.25 billion in cash savings by year-end 2024. What's driving the at least? Do you have just increased conviction based on first quarter performance and cost takeout achievement?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. My -- look, my leadership team, led by my Corporate Performance Officer, is doing an absolute fantastic job. Future Forward is hitting on all cylinders. We have over 1,000 initiatives going on throughout the company. Everyone sitting at my leadership table and the leadership team around the company is engaged. We're seeing really strong results. And so, we're just feeling really confident. And George really liked the at-least words, that's why it's there.
Operator: And our last question for Jay will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Maybe sticking with the Future Forward. I was kind of hoping to understand better what's initially driving the savings. Is it the efficiency side, effectiveness growth? What sort of what sort of initiatives? And what's dropping to the bottom line versus being reinvested? And that's a question both on the OpEx side and the CapEx side, if you could kind of provide what the go-forward assumption is.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Maybe I'll talk generally about the initiatives and investments, and then Eric can talk about how that comes in over the quarter. I would say initially -- first of all, it's all dropping to the bottom line, so we're not reinvesting any of those initiatives at this point. But in terms of the initiatives that are driving it, you can clearly see we've reduced our TAI spend year-over-year, which is a notion of us winding down a bunch of programs that we didn't think were delivering returns. We reduced our capital expenditure as well year-over-year. Again, going through the portfolio and really rationalizing projects based on returns and prioritizing projects around delivering products and services out to customers, as well as driving automation into a lot of our processes to improve client experience. I would say those are the big things. I think on the operating expense side, we've been very, very focused on making sure that we drive profitable revenue coming into the company, but also maintaining our expense base and trying to drive people into being much more productive. That's been the lion's share of it as we think about the first two quarters. I think as we go out, though into 2023 and 2024, -- we're really focused on moving the flywheel faster around products and getting them out to market faster, getting implementations done faster, automating and, through AI and other types of activities, making our client experience better and more efficient. So, as I've talked about really focus on efficiency and effectiveness with the client at the center and then making sure that we're -- if we are spending the capital and operating expense, are we helping our clients and the company grow. So, at a high level, those are the initiatives in the near term and long term. And I'll let Eric kind of walk through how you think about it over the quarter.
Erik Hoag: Yes. So, from a financial perspective, we've got roughly $100 million reduction in capital expenditures in the first quarter, you can see that year-over-year. In-period OpEx savings, roughly $15 million in the first quarter. And as you'd expect, Ashwin, this builds through the course of the year. As we look at margins for the balance of the year, you're going to see sequential improvement in margins with Future Forward having a meaningful -- really meaningful impact in the second half.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. And maybe I can end with a couple of numbers questions. Last time you explicitly indicated the 500-basis point macro impact. What's that now? And then interest expense, $137 million versus, I think, $20 million savings. So, what specifically happened in 1Q for the lower interest expense?
Erik Hoag: Sure, sure. So, on the macro Merchant assumption, we had talked about 500 basis points, 5 points of headwind in our call a quarter ago. The midpoint of the Merchant guide has improved by 150 basis points, Ashwin. So, I would say the macro assumption for Merchant is now 3.5 points. Interest expense, your second question around interest expense, interest expense is down as we did an incremental revolving credit facility to deal with 2 maturing bonds this year where we had favorable pricing on the revolving credit facility.
Stephanie Ferris: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. 2023 is off to a strong start and the FIS team is making great strides towards moving the company forward. I couldn't be more confident in our future. We look forward to connecting with many of you over the coming weeks and further updating you on our progress. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you all for participating. This concludes today's program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the FIS Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. George Mihalos, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the FIS fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call. This call is being webcasted. Today’s news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. With me on the call this morning are Stephanie Ferris, our CEO and President; and Erik Hoag, our CFO. Stephanie will lead the call with a strategic and operational update, followed by Erik reviewing our financial results and providing forward guidance. Turning to Slide 3, today’s remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share and free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company, but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information is presented in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Stephanie.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you, George and thank you all for joining us this morning. Today marks my first earnings call as the CEO of FIS. Let me begin by saying I feel incredibly privileged by the opportunity to reflect on our past, restart our future and recommit to our clients, colleagues and investors. FIS is a tremendous company with world-class assets and a marquee set of clients. We are an industry leader with more than five decades of history, positioning where change, challenge and opportunity intersect. Today, I will present to you the next chapter. We have a lot of ground to cover, including our fourth quarter financial results, 2023 guidance and specific outcomes of our strategic review which includes the planned spin-off of our merchant business Worldpay. Let me start by sharing that I am pleased to report that we met our financial goals for the fourth quarter. While this is a good first step, we recognize that we have a lot of work to do to meet our expectations going forward. Today, we will share a number of decisive actions we are taking to better align our business with the needs of our clients and the expectations of our shareholders. Let me take you through our path forward. Turning to Slide 5, we have set a new agenda to improve the operational performance of the business, sharpen our client focus, and improve both the free cash flow of the company as well as the earnings quality. We will do this by following three key principles that will underpin all of our go-forward actions to drive value. First, we will ensure that clients are at the center of everything we do by creating a client-centric culture. Second, we will continue to innovate across our portfolio of solutions to ensure growth for our clients. And third, we will simplify and streamline our operations, decision-making and time to market to improve profitability. Combined, these principles form the foundation of our efforts to drive efficiency, effectiveness and profitable growth. Turning to Slide 6. Over the past 60 days, we have moved with the highest sense of urgency and focus to advance a number of strategically important initiatives. First, in December, we announced that we initiated with the Board of Directors a comprehensive assessment of the company’s strategy, operations and structure with the goal of positioning FIS to drive stronger results, increase shareholder value and enhance client experience. As an outcome of this ongoing assessment, we announced today we are pursuing a spin-off of our merchant business, creating two world-class public companies, FIS and Worldpay. It is my pleasure to also announce that Charles Drucker, Worldpay’s former CEO, has agreed to return as a strategic adviser to me. Charles, who is my close friend and colleague, will lead the preparedness phase of the planned spin-off and is expected to become Worldpay’s CEO upon the closing of the transaction. Second, we announced in November that we are launching an enterprise transformation program. This program, which we have branded Future Forward, is moving ahead with speed to improve the operational performance of the company by driving efficiency, effectiveness and profitable growth across every facet of the enterprise. When we launched Future Forward, we are targeting to deliver cash savings across the company of $500 million by year end 2024. I am happy to share that we now expect to exceed our $500 million original target by the end of this year and I am increasing our target to $1.25 billion in net savings prior to the effect of the spin-off exiting 2024. As I mentioned earlier, we are and will continue to be intensely focused on cost management, cash generation and earnings quality. Third, we are realigning our incentive programs to be tied to shareholder value creation, company performance and client satisfaction scores. In order for us to deliver on our commitments, this realignment is critical. And fourth, consistent with our December announcement, we have continued to reshape our Board of Directors for independent governance. I am proud of what we have been able to do in the first 60 days. This is just the beginning for us. Slide 7 describes our rationale for separating the two businesses. The pace of disruption in payments is rapidly accelerating, requiring increased investment for growth and a different capital allocation strategy for our merchant business. The separation of Worldpay from FIS will result in the creation of two standalone market leaders, each well-positioned to capitalize on the significant value-creation opportunities ahead in their respective markets. It is expected that FIS and Worldpay will maintain a close commercial partnership to deliver critical capabilities like embedded finance and loyalty through premium payback preserving a key value proposition for clients of both businesses and limiting potential dis-synergy. It should also simplify our operations and give each management team additional flexibility to operate the business in the way that best delivers value for all clients and shareholders alike. Specifically, it will enable FIS to pursue a strong investment-grade credit rating while enabling Worldpay to invest more aggressively in growth. A separation also enables FIS and Worldpay to implement different capital allocation strategies which align to their growth targets and underlying market needs. Turning to Slide 8. Both companies serve a blue-chip set of clients. FIS serves the technology needs of global financial institutions, regional community banks and marquee set of asset managers across the spectrum. Worldpay serves the payment needs of the world’s global technology, internet and retail companies. Both companies boast unrivaled global distribution and operating scale. By separate entities, FIS remains the number one global FinTech provider and Worldpay remains the number one global acquirer by transactions. Both companies will be market leaders in their own right and by forging a commercial relationship together, we can affect a superior outcome as compared to keeping them together. Let me provide some additional context for what this transaction means for the standalone FIS business on Slide 9. FIS is returning to its roots. This focus will allow the company to maintain its competitive advantage in delivering innovative next-generation technology solutions to the most complex financial institutions. Additionally, FIS will be in a better position to balance return of capital to shareholders with organic investment and complementary M&A. We remain committed to our investment grade ratings, conservative capital structure and growing dividends. Putting it altogether, we are returning FIS to its historical quality compounder model which is more closely aligned with the way that FIS operated before the Worldpay acquisition. As a quality compounder, FIS will emphasize steady recurring revenue growth, consistent margin expansion and disciplined capital return to shareholders. Importantly, we will prioritize maximizing free cash flow and profitable revenue growth. Consequently, I would expect our free cash flow conversion to move permanently higher post the spend, reflecting less working capital volatility and lower capital expenditures. Lastly, we are committed to improving the quality of our reported earnings. This includes narrowing the delta between adjusted earnings and GAAP earnings and presenting free cash flow measures that better align with the cash we have available to deploy. Erik will provide additional color during his discussion of our financials. Now I will touch on the Worldpay strategy to drive enhanced shareholder value. Worldpay operates in a more dynamic and disruptive end market relative to Heritage FIS with more of a growth focus. The separation from FIS will allow Worldpay to pursue a more growth-oriented strategy, which we believe the company is better suited for and aligns more closely with investor expectations. Central to the growth strategy is a return to more consistent M&A and a capital structure that does not require an investment grade rating. Beyond an organic investment, the team is taking aggressive steps to repivot the business back towards growth. This includes the investment in the Worldpay for platform strategy to strengthen the company’s value proposition with ISVs and a continued push toward increasing its total percent of e-commerce revenue. While near-term investments are impacting profitability, we are confident the business can return to growth and deliver value for shareholders as an independent entity. Turning to Slide 11, I’d like to provide some additional insight into the durability of our banking and capital markets businesses. And why I am so confident that they are poised to deliver accelerating revenue growth and margin expansion. We are reorienting FIS toward a path of more sustainable, higher quality recurring revenue growth. There are two challenges specific to 2023, which are masking the underlying performance of our business, particularly in the Banking segment. The first is our previously discussed elongation in sales cycles for very large transactions. To be clear, our pipeline of opportunities remains robust and our win rate on transactions is stable. We are confident as economic conditions stabilize, sales will accelerate. We also hired a Chief Revenue Officer to focus on driving highly profitable recurring revenue growth regardless of deal size. We believe this hire will help us cross-sell and up-sell with existing clients as well as better penetrate smaller sized financial institutions. The second challenge is a growth headwind tied to non-recurring revenue, largely one-time licenses and deconversion fees from bank consolidations. We anticipate this to be another 1% headwind in 2023. We do not expect one-time license and deconversion fee revenue to remain a similar headwind in 2024. While the above trends are creating a short-term headwind for us, we believe our normalized growth rate for these segments is approximately 3% to 5%, which demonstrates the underlying strength of our banking and capital markets businesses. With a refocus on high-quality recurring revenue growth and the benefit from our future forward initiative, we are expecting margin expansion in banking and capital markets for 2023. As a result of the timing around our actions, we are confident that these businesses have hit the low point of their margin contraction and will return to margin expansion in the back half of the year. On the back of all the future forward actions we have taken are now planning to take. Tying it altogether, FIS is on a trajectory to create shareholder value as a quality compounder that generates consistent mid single-digit recurring revenue growth, margin expansion and robust free cash flow. Turning to Slide 12, we will provide you with regular updates on Future Forward. I have already described our progress toward achieving $500 million in net cash savings by the end of this year and prior to the effect of the spin-off, $1.25 billion by the end of 2024. I’d like to take a moment to describe how we will achieve these targets. Future Forward is a multifaceted initiative designed to permanently improve the performance of the company by delivering improved outcomes for clients while driving operational efficiencies internally, free cash flow generation and earnings quality. We are focused on more effectively meeting the needs of our clients by continuing to accelerate the development of next-generation technology solutions and anticipating their future needs. Driving toward a more efficient operating structure by prioritizing human and capital resources that best align with the needs of our clients and the returns expected by our shareholders. And lastly, driving improved growth outcomes through sales productivity, reduced complexity and a continued focus on clients. These important initiatives will continue at FIS and Worldpay post-spin. I will cover our next steps on Slide 13 before turning the call over to Erik for his financial review. 2023 will be a year of recommitment for FIS as we work to reposition the business to return to sustainable growth, profitability and value creation in 2024 and beyond. First, we are focused on executing the spin-off of Worldpay, which we expect to complete within the next 12 months. Second, we are sharpening our operational focus to continue to promote a client-centric culture and to deliver on our commitments to all of our stakeholders. Third, Future Forward initiatives will continue within both FIS and Worldpay to maximize our cash flow and earnings quality. And finally, we are laser-focused on creating shareholder value with action and improved performance. I am pleased with the progress we have made in such a short period of time. I am confident that we are on the right path forward. And with that, I will turn it over to Erik to discuss our fourth quarter results and 2023 outlook. Erik?
Erik Hoag: Thanks, Stephanie. I’d like to start today by outlining some of our priorities as a new management team before touching on our financial results. As I stated last call, a priority of ours is to be transparent about our future expectations and we delivered results in line with that revised outlook. Today, I’d like to lay out a few more priorities for 2023 and beyond. First, we will manage FIS as a high-quality compounder with predictable and consistent earnings growth. Our operational structure and long-term capital allocation strategy will prioritize delivering double-digit total shareholder return. This is the core tenet of a compounder investment thesis, which FIS is operationally and financially positioned to achieve. Next, as Stephanie mentioned, we are focused on enhancing the cash flow characteristics of FIS. In 2023, despite an anticipated reduction in EBITDA and earnings, we are taking actionable steps to increase our cash flow on a year-over-year basis. This increase in cash will be primarily driven by decreasing our capital expenditures by approximately $200 million. We are also taking conscious actions to reduce one-time spend associated with transformation and integration programs. I am confident we are taking the correct actions to deliver strong shareholder returns over the longer term. With that as the backdrop, let’s quickly touch on our fourth quarter results. On a consolidated basis, revenue increased 4% organically to $3.7 billion, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 43.2%, yielding an adjusted EPS of $1.71. At the segment level, banking grew 4% organically in the quarter. Banking margins were pressured due to unfavorable revenue mix and inflationary cost pressures. We had an exceptionally strong quarter in capital markets with 10% organic revenue growth and 220 basis points of margin expansion. Fourth quarter revenue growth included a 4 point benefit associated with the timing of license renewals which drove a 22% increase in non-recurring revenue. As I look to proactively message any one-off tailwinds or headwinds, this license benefit in the quarter should be flagged as a potential headwind in the fourth quarter of 2023. Excluding this tailwind, capital markets increased 6% organically, well ahead of historical trends. Additionally, recurring revenue grew 11%, marking the fifth consecutive quarter of recurring revenue growth greater than 8%. Our strategy to transition to durable SaaS deployments continues to resonate in the market. Merchant grew 2% on a constant currency basis in the fourth quarter, including a point of headwind associated with Russia and Ukraine. E-commerce revenue growth remained strong, increasing 16% on a constant currency basis. Our card present channel and SMB experienced softness as lower sales did not outpace attrition and compression trends. These trends in SMB reflect a lack of new product investment, which we believe the spin will best enable us to remedy. And in enterprise, we saw economic weakness in the UK and anticipate further deterioration this year. Touching quickly on cash flow and balance sheet, we generated roughly $3 billion of free cash flow in 2022, which was lower than originally expected, primarily due to negative working capital more specifically the timing of receivables within the Merchant segment. Total debt as of 12/31 was approximately $20 billion with a weighted average interest rate of 2.6% and leverage was approximately 3.2x. Turning to Slide 16 for our 2023 guidance. Our philosophy remains conservative in our forward projections as we look to build credibility and deliver on our commitments. With that in mind, for the year, we anticipate consolidated organic revenue growth of negative 1% to positive 1% or $14.2 billion to $14.45 billion of revenue, adjusted EBITDA of $5.9 billion to $6.1 billion or margins of 41.5% to 42.2% and adjusted earnings per share of $5.70 to $6. This outlook assumes further macro deterioration, including a global recession impacting our Merchant segment. To be clear, our guidance assumes macroeconomic trends continue to deteriorate throughout the year. We expect total company margins to improve over the course of 2023 as we ramp the benefits associated with Future Forward. At the segment level, we expect banking organic revenue growth of 0% to 2%, which includes lapping difficult compares associated with non-recurring revenue cycles, non-recurring revenues as well as the near-term impact of elongated sales cycles. Banking margins will improve throughout the year, with a return to margin expansion in the second half. In Capital Markets, we expect 4% to 6% organic revenue growth coupled with continued margin expansion. This segment continues to benefit over our multi-year shift of sustainable SaaS deployment over license revenue. In merchant, we’re anticipating organic revenue decline of 2% to 4%. This guide reflects a 300 basis point headwind associated with attrition and compression in the SMB sub-segment, and further macro deterioration impacting growth by an additional 500 basis points. We expect Worldpay to reaccelerate post spin as it leverages its scale with both organic and inorganic investments to once again differentiate itself in the market. Lastly, we’re focused on our cash flow fundamentals and anticipate expanding our free cash flow conversion to over 80% in 2023. Turning to Slide 17. As Stephanie mentioned, we have two temporary headwinds impacting these segments this year and empirically believe the underlying growth rate is 3% to 5%. We’re undertaking various strategic priorities for these segments, which we believe will improve our fundamentals moving forward. First, we’ve hired a new Chief Revenue Officer to focus on higher quality and sustainable sales growth. Specifically, while we still pursue large transactions where FIS is clearly differentiated, we want to ensure that our cross-selling to existing clients remains a priority. The breadth of solutions we have between banking and capital markets will continue to take market share as we expand our lasting relationships with our valued clients. We also see the benefits of Future Forward ramping through 2023 and 2024 to support an already expanding margin profile. Lastly, as Stephanie mentioned, we believe the spin of our Merchant segment will help simplify our operating model and focus our investments on the most pressing needs of our clients. With that, I’ll turn to an overview of the merchant growth profile on Slide #18. Accounting for two known headwinds, we believe Merchant normalized growth is 4% to 6%. The first of these headwinds has been a lack of new product investment, driving compression and attrition in our SMB sub-segment, accounting for approximately 3 points of headwind in our merchant guide. We’re confident this is near-term in nature and will be directly addressed with the successful spin of Worldpay as it transitions to a growth-oriented capital structure and investment philosophy. Second is the macroeconomic impact we anticipate this year. Our guidance assumes further macro deterioration in the UK and a recession in the U.S. This recessionary assumption accounts for approximately 5 points of headwind in our merchant guide. Similar to our strategic priorities in banking and capital markets, we’re taking actions to accelerate off this 4% to 6% normalized growth rate. The merchant segment will benefit from new product investments to enhance its competitive profile and growth profile. Additionally, Future Forward will help support increasing profitability later in 2023 and beyond. I’ll finish by noting that as revenue accelerates in the segment, it carries a very high contribution margin, which will drive underlying margin expansion beyond the Future Forward benefit. All in, we view the segment as accelerating off the 4% to 6% normalized revenue growth in 2023 with margin expansion incorporated in the model. Moving to a breakdown of EBITDA expectations on Slide #20. Both our Banking and Capital Markets businesses are expected to increase adjusted EBITDA and expand margins in 2023. In Banking, we would anticipate margin expansion of over 50 basis points and Capital Markets to expand margins by 50 to 100 basis. This significant margin expansion in Banking and Capital Markets reflects both underlying strength in the contribution margins as well as Future Forward. These segments are positioned for durable and profitable growth over the longer term, leveraging a one-to-many operating model with high concentrations of recurring revenue. Conversely, we anticipate a weaker performance in our Merchant segment, coupled with higher corporate costs. In Merchant, we anticipate a reduction in EBITDA associated with lower revenue and increased expense associated with residual payments. In our Corporate segment, we’re seeing the impact from divested businesses in 2022 and a temporary headwind associated with a tough comparable on incentive compensation. Looking beyond 2023, we’re confident that we’re moving the company to the appropriate path of margin expansion. There are two key tenants underpinning this confidence. First, we expect to benefit from our Future Forward initiatives to continue to ramp with incremental benefit in 2024. Second, we will continue to benefit from our newly implemented sales and commission structure, which emphasizes higher margin revenue growth. Both of these initiatives will support consistent and ongoing margin expansion at FIS moving forward. Turning to Slide 21 for an overview of how Future Forward will continue to rightsize our expense base and further support profitability and cash. We expect to generate approximately $150 million of in-year operating expense reduction. These savings will ramp to approximately $600 million on a run rate basis exiting 2024. In addition to these OpEx savings, Future Forward will support our priority to improve our cash flow through a reduction in capital expenditures and one-time program spend. We’re targeting a $200 million reduction in CapEx during 2023, and we intend to reduce CapEx by another $100 million in 2024. We’re also aggressively ramping down spend associated with transformation and integration projects, such as platform consolidation resulting in a benefit to cash. Taking all of this into account, we’re pleased to increase our expected net cash savings associated with future forward to approximately $1.25 billion exiting 2024. We will continue to provide quarterly updates on achievement of those targets throughout the life of the program. These initiatives are the bedrock for improving the operational performance of FIS and aligned directly with our priorities outlined today. I’ll conclude with our current capital allocation priorities on Slide 22. In 2022 – in 2023, we’re focused on paying down debt, increasing our dividend and decreasing CapEx. First, we utilize excess free cash flow to reduce debt in support of our investment-grade credit ratings, which is a key pillar to FIS’ long-term capital and operating strategy. Next, we recently announced an increase to our core quarterly dividend of more than 10%, and we anticipate to exit the year approximating our 35% target payout ratio. Moving forward, we intend to continue increasing our dividend roughly in line with earnings growth. As mentioned throughout my prepared remarks, Stephanie and I are also prioritizing a reduction in capital expenditures this year. We’re putting a heightened focus on ROIC to ensure an appropriate return on investment and are making targeted investments aligned to client needs. Finally, in conjunction with the spin, we will conduct a comprehensive review of our capital structure to reduce future volatility in our net interest expense. We’re moving with a high sense of urgency to drive these outcomes. While we face challenges, we remain confident that this is the right path forward to improve the company’s performance, free cash flow and earnings. I’d like to thank everyone for their time this morning. Please note additional guidance, assumptions and next steps on the spin in our appendix. Operator, would you please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Today’s first question will come from Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hi, thanks so much. Stephanie, a lot of thought and hard work went into the spin decision. So I wanted to ask on that. And what changed to move away from project Amplify, which I know we’ve talked about as well and the promise of cross-selling, etcetera, versus fluctuating here the spin and simplifying and management focus, that kind of thing? And then I have a follow-up.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, Tien-Tsin, thank you. So yes, as you might imagine, very excited about what we’ve been able to accomplish in a very short time period. It really came down to capital allocation and our ability to allocate capital, both M&A and organic to what is looking like to be two separate end markets. So the payments market, as you know, needs a lot more M&A associated with it, that the Banking and the Capital Markets piece. So as we came in and we looked at that really need to set those two separately from each other. And so that was the primary driver. I think secondly and thirdly, obviously, operational simplification and management focus is always important as you think about simplifying operating models and breaking things apart. I would say, finally, on the Amplify piece, we’re actually full speed ahead on that in terms of cross-selling across all three of our divisions, and it will become very important. We will establish commercial partnerships between us both Worldpay and FIS to facilitate that cross-sell. So we still view that as a big opportunity. We will just set those up as commercial partnerships with the respective revenue shares to make sure that we don’t lose the dis-synergy and opportunity there.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Right. Okay. And that’s perfect. So I understand the M&A piece. I guess that will happen post spin between now and the actual spin. Are we going to learn a little bit more about the commercial agreement between reminder co-FIS and Worldpay? And is there going to be a cross-selling component built into that? That’s my final question. Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, yes, yes. So we are working at high speed. You can see from a high sense of urgency. So we will be – Charles and I will be working out the commercial partnership specifically. And as soon as we have those worked out, we will get them back out to you. You can expect us to give an update on the spin every quarter. But you would expect to see those relationships work out specifically. And so that we have incentives on both sides to continue to cross-sell each other’s products and mitigate the dis-synergy.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Come from the line of Rayna Kumar with UBS. Your line is open.
Rayna Kumar: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. As you mentioned, your guidance assumes a recession in the U.S. and the UK. I’m just curious how your overall growth would look at economic conditions persist as they are today?
Erik Hoag: So the existing guide does include a recession. There is a couple of underlying drivers to that. First, as you said, we’ve got the UK macro. The second piece is in the U.S., we’re seeing a shift from goods to services predominantly in our enterprise sub-segment. We are seeing some elongation in the sales cycle that we’ve spoken about for the last several quarters in our banking business. And as we – as you saw in the deck, roughly, we’ve incorporated roughly 500 basis points of headwind in our merchant guide associated with macro.
Rayna Kumar: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] From the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Lisa Ellis: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my question. A lot of good stuff, good detail here, guys. Thank you. I wanted to talk – I know it’s early days. I know we will get more detail, but just any commentary you can give on your expected – how you’re going to handle, I guess, the unwinding of the cost synergies that you saw from the FIS Worldpay acquisition, that merger together? Like how are you thinking about kind of managing through the separation or the re-separation of the businesses? Should we be assuming that a lot of those costs have to come back in? Or are there ways to mitigate that? Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Thanks, Lisa. So we – so Charles and I feel very confident, given this will be the third time we will have spun it out, sold it and spun it back out. So we’re really familiar with the cost structures and the benefits that come with putting it in and taking it out. I think the way to think about it is we did realize a lot of cost synergies bringing it in. I think we know what those are, we would enter into as many commercial relationships as we can to not have as many dis-synergies. We think the dis-synergies are fairly manageable. So we think through the combination of commercial partnerships as well as continuing to lean in to Future Forward. Future Forward will continue for both Worldpay and FIS. So, to the extent that we continue to push that lever forward, we think that as well will offset the dis-synergies. But look, we’re not going to stop at that. They are there, and we had the benefit of them coming in, but we will tightly manage them on both sides as we come out.
Lisa Ellis: Got it. Okay. Okay. And then just as my follow-up, can you just elaborate a little bit on the capital allocation point that you made? You said that ultimately, it really – it came down to that. So what’s – I guess what have you been unable to do as a combined entity on the capital allocation side that would change being separated?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, great question, Lisa. So from an FIS standpoint, as you know, we’re very committed to our investment-grade rating which underpins our ability to drive growth, we haven’t been able to allocate any capital historically or as we move forward into M&A. And that’s really been a big weakness for us in the payments business. I think if you look at our peers, they have been doing M&A over the last couple of years. Unfortunately, for us, we just haven’t been able to do that historically, allocating towards share repurchase which is fine. But the payments business itself, given that it is a scale platform with global distribution and the end market moved so quickly. We do believe having a different capital allocation for that business will enable M&A that we just cannot give it inside the parent.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Your line is open.
Dave Koning: Yes. Hey, guys. Thank you. And I guess my first question on merchant, I think in the first quarter, it’s going to be down slightly, but the full year is down a little more. Could you give a little context on when that might bottom? And then kind of how do you see the longer term and even Payrix, I think it’s been pretty stable through the year. I think it was expected to grow a lot. And just how maybe that’s transpiring as well?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, I might qualitatively take it, Dave. And if Erik thinks we need more fine points on the numbers that will be good. I think broadly, we would say we have seen in the fourth quarter, obviously continued deterioration from a recession standpoint in the UK. And in the U.S., consistent with what Visa Mastercard talked about a shift from goods to services. And so we have baked in our guide throughout the year, that continued shift. I think Erik just talked about the overall economic impact in merchant to be about 500 basis points. On a positive note, we are seeing a positive January, but we wouldn’t expect to flow that through. So from a broad-based recession standpoint, that’s how we’re thinking about the business. I think that we just have that continuing throughout 2023. We do think as those recessionary ties reside or come back and with the allocation of more M&A capital, this business can really get back to a mid-single-digit grower and be back in a growth trajectory.
Dave Koning: Alright. Alright. And then – and I guess my follow-up kind of along Lisa’s question. The corporate expense of merchant, is there any way just for us to think about what percent of revenue maybe we have to add like 3% of revenue or something when we think of kind of our sum of the parts and everything?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, not yet, Dave. We will be back out to you on that. I think we have to be thoughtful. I’m not sure we could just come right back into what it was before. And so we will be back to you on that.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. I wanted to start on the Banking side since that obviously the biggest part of the RemainCo. You grew 6% organic down in 2022 and you’re expecting, I guess, about 500 bps of deceleration at the midpoint in 2023. Can you just unpack that a bit? I mean, just considering you’ve got 80% recurring revenue there, somewhat surprising. Thank you.
Erik Hoag: Yes. Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question. So a couple of things – hey, good morning. In walking the 22 to 23 number, there is two predominant drivers here. One is the lapping of large deals. So we spent some time in the second quarter, third quarter calls talking about some of the very large deals, total contract value in excess of $50 million. Those deals have elongated, which is driving roughly half of the step down from 22 to 23. And the second is a reduction in non-recurring revenues. Non-recurring revenues predominantly license fees and termination fees, which over the longer term will drive higher recurring revenue and improve the overall health of the banking segment.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. For my second question, I wanted to go to Merchant for a minute. So if we look at the down 2% to 4% for 2023, can you give us a sense of what you are assuming for enterprise versus e-com versus SMB? Thank you.
Erik Hoag: Yes, sure. So the enterprise sub-segment, which is roughly half the book, down mid single-digits, this is where the UK sits, the SMB sub-segment, down low double-digits. And our e-commerce book continues to perform well, up double-digits.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] That will come from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Hi. Thanks guys. If I want to just – if we could just follow-up for a minute on the Banking segment and for – and frankly, the Cap Markets segment as well, Cap Markets showed strong or Banking. Your guidance is, as you talked about, has some items in it, but help us just touch on the balance between your cost-saving initiatives and the investments you need in that business to really sustain the growth you want it to be in term. I mean I know you have some good assets, whether it’s Modern Banking or PaymentsOne or Digital One or others. But anything you can give us on your conviction level in that business returning to that mid-single digit rate of growth despite where the costs are coming out of will not affect the growth profile?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Darrin, happy to take that a little bit. So, in terms of making sure that we have the right amount of investment associated with the revenue, I think the business has benefited over the last 3 years to 5 years from a significant amount of capital investment to deliver some of the best-in-class products you see out there, Modern Banking platform, as you mentioned, PaymentsOne, Digital One, etcetera. All that investment has really played out nicely for us in terms of being in market, driving real recurring revenue growth as we move forward. So, we feel very comfortable around reducing the investments associated with that to what we consider more normal run rate. So, a lot of our reductions and expenses are around capital – around one-time. And then on the operating expense side, as you would expect, we are definitely protecting the business to ensure that we can deliver on the recurring revenue growth, so focused on more infrastructure costs or costs in the functional side of things. We believe very strongly in the ability for this business to have underlying margin expansion. As you know, it has high margin of new business coming on. We believe and are committed to the 3% to 5%. We believe it will reaccelerate in 2024, as Erik said, in terms of the two items really impacting it. So, we feel very good about the underlying revenue growth as well as our ability to continue to expand margins. And our Future Forward initiatives, as we laid out really aren’t about kind of cost cutting or cost cutting sake. You can see that we are really focused on faster time to market, faster implementations speed, agility, etcetera, and making the engine go faster versus just a flat out reduction of expenses.
Darrin Peller: Okay. Stephanie thanks. Just a quick follow-up on the merchant side of the business. When we think about the growth profile, you are talking about that getting back to, I guess maybe just to revisit the strategy on the SMB side for a moment. And is that an area that you foresee being able to really show an acceleration and/or is it just basically e-com still getting – what’s the strategy of the segment?
Stephanie Ferris: Of the overall segment? Yes. So, I think – look, the strategy is consistent. I think the challenge for us is because of our lack of M&A, we haven’t really been able to feed it enough product, as the pandemic created some real structural challenges in some of our key segments. So, I would say broadly, we are really focused on continuing to drive more e-commerce into the segment. As you know, we are the largest global acquirer in the world. I think we are the largest e-commerce provider as well. That’s primarily been in the large space. And with the acquisition of Payrix, we now have the ability to move down market and bring not only embedded payments, but also be focused on platforms. So, it’s accessing for us not only large e-commerce clients, but also the small. So, that continues to be our strategic imperative. As you know, we have some historical businesses in our SMB space that are ISO primarily card-present or the pieces of our ISV book that are structurally impaired in terms of consolidation in retail restaurant software. And so those are pieces of our business that we continue to process for those software providers, but now they would become more like very large enterprises. So, I would say strategically, the payment strategy going forward continues to be focused on e-commerce and omnichannel capabilities, using the global platform and the global distribution capabilities to deliver best-in-class products. I think the challenge for us over the last couple of years is our inability to use M&A, to make sure that we get the best products we need to put across the platform as the end market moves.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Next will come from the line of John Davis with Raymond James. Your line is open.
John Davis: Hey. Good morning guys. Stephanie, I just wanted to talk a little bit about the RemainCo and how we should think about the EPS growth algo on a go-forward basis? So, you said 3% to 5% top line going to expand 50 basis points this year. Is that a good way to think about going forward? Could you get more margin expansion? And then on the capital allocation front, I assume buybacks maybe we get high-single digit kind of EPS growth going forward in the RemainCo, any comments there?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Thanks John. So, look, we are focused on kind of going back to the future, returning to our roots around becoming a compounder. I think what you should look for is really us to focus on double-digit TSR through, obviously, margin expansion, but also the focus on free cash flow and pursuing a balanced portfolio of both dividend, share repurchase and then M&A to the extent that makes sense for us going forward.
John Davis: Okay. Thanks. And then Erik, it looks like merchant margins are implied down like another 350 basis points, 400 basis points this year. How much of it is from the weaker top line versus kind of investments that you are making in the merchant business? Just any color there would be helpful.
Erik Hoag: Yes. Hey John. A couple of things going on in the margin side. Number one, you are right. We are down on – we have got lower-high margin revenue. So, I think UK, I think crypto, I think Russia-Ukraine to the extent that, that annualizes. We – to your point, we are investing in sales and product. And the third thing I would note is, we are also seeing some higher residuals and compression in the SMB book.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. Could you flesh out a little bit your commentary that demand remains strong in Banking Solutions, but you continue to elongated sales cycles. What are your assumptions in other words for closing some of these deals in the pipeline in the year ahead?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. No, happy to. Thanks David. So, if you think about where we sit in terms of what financial services we serve, we serve all sizes, but we are also the premier provider to really large financial institutions. And so what we saw in 2022, quite frankly, was some of the large – very large deals that we have historically won. If you think about historically T. Rowe or Franklin Templeton are examples that have driven a point of growth, where we are really one of the only providers that can serve that size of client. As economic conditions in 2022 just became more uncertain, those financial institutions became more cautious, I mean just simply put. So, those transactions continued to be there. They just continue to push out in the pipeline. So, we feel really good about them, but frankly, until those really large financial institutions feel a little bit better about where the economy is going to go, they are going to continue to be cautious in terms of wanting to sign on the dotted line there. We have high visibility. They still hang out there. But that’s also why we don’t have those significantly closing in 2023. We have them in the pipeline, and we continue to work them. But given economic conditions and our prudent guide, we really don’t want to have a big number and have happened to us in 2022, happened to us again in 2023.
David Togut: Understood. And then as a follow-up, what are your plans to roll out additional modules in Modern Banking platform this year? And what’s incorporated in your guide from that?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So, Modern Banking platform continues to be a really strong product demand for us. I mean you saw us over the last couple of years, sign up a significant amount of clients. We are at full swing implementation mode. Each one of them is in a different space, and those all continue to go well. I think for us, not – our focus is more around making sure that we can implement those clients and continuing to sell the existing assets and deployment versus significant incremental new modules. But I do know that our deposit-taking module is good, and we continue to work on our lending modules. But I would expect that the current demand and the current products that they will meet each other.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you, Stephanie and Erik.
Erik Hoag: Good morning.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Good morning. I guess there was a meaningful set of investors that believe maybe a better or different course of action might have been spinning or selling in Cap Markets, your best performing business currently. Should we assume the strategic review is now concluded, and this is the structure or is it still ongoing? And then one question because you did mention multiple times the M&A needed for the merchant business. Could you talk about the early view on things such as the level of debt or leverage that you are putting on the two pieces. Can you – what do you were doing M&A like the in the current structure. So, I just want to get more clarity on what else is needed here?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, happy to. So I think, first of all, we announced our strategic review 60 days ago. I am really pleased with how – with the sense of urgency to what we have been able to decide thus far. I think with respect to what we have took in for the next couple of quarters, we are really focused, Ashwin, on making sure we execute on this merchant spend as quickly as possible, given the need to get those guys out and refocus on M&A. We are also really focused obviously on delivering Future Forward. All that being said, no, we will not include a strategic review after 60 days. So, we will continue to evaluate opportunities. The thing that really pressed forward in terms of the merchant separation though, was our inability to allocate a capital and for it to grow properly. On the Capital Markets side, we don’t have that same issue with respect to it continuing to grow well and the capital allocation. So, the merger business became a much bigger burning platform for us, but we will always continue to evaluate. In terms of the second piece on the Newco, I am going to speak in broad terms. I think the way we would think about it, and again, this is going to go to Charles and his team as he takes over. But clearly, given the amount of M&A that they probably will want to do and Worldpay historically did, I don’t think they would go after an investment-grade credit rating. It would probably impede them in terms of delivering the value that they want. So, I suspect they will look at something slightly below that. Historically, as you know, we were high yield, and it worked out – worked out quite well for us. But given all that, the Capital Markets are in a bit of a different position – but I don’t think they will be investment grade, but I also don’t want to speak for them. I think in terms of M&A, we have some strategic partners that we are coupled up with today. I think there is – and given the market and where things sit in terms of valuations coming down, I think the timing of the spin and their ability to get market will be quite fortuitous. And that was ultimately why I moved with such a high sense of urgency because as you can see from kind of the results of this segment, there is a different capital allocation structure that it certainly needs.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And I guess the other question is for the normalized growth rates that you are assuming for each segment, what is the normalized margin structure that one should think about?
Stephanie Ferris: I think from a banking and capital market standpoint, we would expect to continue to see margin expansion. I think once the Worldpay returns to growth, you would expect to see margin expansion there. As you know, these businesses are highly margin accretive on the right growth trajectory, highly recurring revenue generative. I can’t speak to exactly how much. You can see from Future Forward in terms of how much cost we are driving into the business. And in the Banking, Capital Markets segment, unlike merchant, there is really nothing structurally wrong there. And so we should continue to be able to expand those segment margins like we have historically.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to follow-up on Ashwin’s question, his first question and just inquire as to whether you would be open to entertaining possible bids on parts of the merchant business? Would it be conceivable between now and the spin to potentially sell some of the higher growth, more attractive parts of that business or whether we should think about that part of the strategic review and in keeping that business intact over the long run is sort of the final step?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. I think we are focused on the spin of the whole business. I think the fundamentals of a Merchant business are that they are scaled platform with global distribution. We certainly looked at pieces and parts, but I think the best path for this particular business is to spend the whole thing and let the management team on the other side then determine structurally what they want to do from there. For us, again, the catalyst here is really the need for a different capital allocation structure. So, pieces and parts doesn’t really help that because I, as FIS, I can’t feed at the M&A need.
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay. Terrific. Thank you. And one follow-up for me. More generally, Stephanie, can you talk about your thoughts and your confidence levels around balancing the sort of costs and particularly OpEx reduction, while also investing for growth and potentially accelerating growth as we move forward? How do you gain confidence that you can kind of thread that needle by not – where can you find the sort of excess costs to take out that doesn’t impact your ability to kind of grow on a go-forward basis?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Ramsey, it’s a great question, and it’s one that I think about every day, all day. So, I think a couple of things. Look, we are focused in 2023 in returning the Banking and Capital Markets business to 3% to 5% revenue growth going forward. We think the investments that we have made in product have been very significant, and we will continue to develop those, albeit at lower capital expenditure levels. We do have a great set of modernized products and I think with the new Chief Revenue Officer and focus around product and profitability and mix, that that revenue growth will be very attainable as we move into 2024. I think on the cost side, you saw a lot of margin contraction in the banking business over the last couple of quarters. I am happy to report that we will deliver expanding margins in both Banking and Capital Markets, that’s through the benefit of our Future Forward program. And like I said, that program, which is really being led by my President and Kelly Beaty, our Corporate Performance Officer is really focused on not just being a cost-cutting program, but being a speed to market, delivering results faster, lots of things like that versus just being a cost program. And I did that purposely because I wanted to make sure that we could balance appropriately revenue growth and margin expansion.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have time for one final question, that will come from the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Dan Dolev: Hey. Thanks for squeezing me in, Stephanie, I appreciate it and congrats on the decision. I just want to know, maybe just a housekeeping thing, maybe I missed it, but does the Banking and Capital Markets guidance for ‘23 also assume a recession? And then I have a very short follow-up.
Erik Hoag: Hey. Good morning Dan, that’s right. We have – I would say, broadly speaking, as Stephanie talked about a couple of minutes ago, the elongation of sales cycles is the predominant element that we have included in our guide for Banking and Capital Markets.
Dan Dolev: Got it. So, I get it does. And then just a quick follow-up, just maybe I missed it on Slide 20. Can you maybe just maybe unpack your margin guidance by segment? And again, apologies if I missed it. Thank you.
Erik Hoag: Sure. So, the Banking business, we have margins expanding, roughly 50 basis points. We have got Capital Markets expanding 50 basis points to 100 basis points. And we have got margin headwinds in both corporate – Merchant and the Corporate segment associated with the revenue declines that we are experiencing in those segments.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you all for participating in today’s question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Ms. Stephanie Ferris for any closing remarks.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you for joining everyone on such short notice. I very much appreciate it. As I noted earlier, 2023 will be a year of recommitment for FIS. And with that in mind, we are making great strides and taking bold actions to move the company forward with a focus on creating incremental value for shareholders and clients alike. I am proud of our FIS colleagues across the globe and the great progress we are making in just a few short months towards delivering on our commitments to our stakeholders. I look forward to keeping you updated on our journey moving FIS into the future. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you all for participating. This concludes today’s program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the FIS Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. George Mihalos, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos: Great. Thank you operator. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for the FIS third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. This call is being webcast. Today’s news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. Gary Norcross, our Chairman and CEO, will provide a business overview. Stephanie Ferris, our President, will provide an operational update. Finally, Erik Hoag, our Deputy CFO, will then review our financial results. Turning to Slide 3, today’s remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings adjusted net earnings per share and free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company, but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information is presented in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Gary.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, George and thank you all for joining us this morning. Let me begin by saying this will be Woody Woodall’s last official day as Chief Financial Officer. His contributions over the past 14 years have been tremendous and he has established a firm foundation for Erik Hoag as our new CFO to build upon in the future. I am also very excited Stephanie Ferris will become President and CEO on January 1, 2023. Stephanie’s 28 years of industry experience, varied executive roles and our understanding in the FIS business and industry positions her well for this promotion. I am confident in her ability to lead this company going forward and excited to continue working with her as I assume the role of Executive Chairman of the Board. Congratulations, Stephanie on this well-earned promotion. I’ll begin on Slide 5 for a quick overview of results. In the quarter, we delivered revenue and adjusted EPS in line with our expectations, a testament to the fundamental resiliency of our business. Organic revenue growth for the quarter was 5%. Banking Solutions grew 6%, Merchant Solutions grew 5% and capital markets grew 6%, all on an organic basis. Our profit margins in the Banking and Merchant Solutions businesses saw a continued pressure in the quarter. This resulted in an overall adjusted EBITDA margin contracting by 150 basis points year-on-year, primarily a function of inflationary cost pressures such as wage inflation and downstream supplier increases as well as incremental macro headwinds such as consumer weakness in the UK. We are not pleased with the profitability performance of the business and are taking actions to address them. We did want to provide you some insight on the underlying performance of the businesses because given the backdrop we operate in and the continued economic slowdown, we are seeing in certain geographies around the world. On the slide, you will see we have provided some key growth trends with minor adjustments to help investors see the underlying performance of these businesses. As you can see, the underlying growth trends of the businesses are good in this backdrop. If you adjust for pandemic services, our banking revenue grew 8% during the quarter. Merchant Solutions grew 6% adjusting for Russia, Ukraine, with our eCom business growing 22%. Capital markets had an impressive 9% growth adjusting for the volatility of license fees, which we have discussed on numerous calls. We also executed on our commitment of returning capital to shareholders through $1 billion of share repurchase in addition to the almost $300 million of dividends paid, while maintaining leverage at 2.9x in support of our investment grade credit ratings. Turning to Slide 6, we are seeing indications of a broader economic slowdown. In banking, as we discussed last quarter, we continue to see deals greater than $50 million, taking more time to close than we saw over the last several years. Smaller transactions and banking continued to show good momentum, which allowed us to close more new contract value this quarter as compared to the same quarter last year. In merchant, across the United Kingdom, we saw even greater pullback than we expected last quarter. We continue to see stability in U.S. payment volumes through the first 9 months of the year, but are beginning to see a shift in non-discretionary spending towards the big-box merchants. Should there be economic pressure in the U.S., FIS is well positioned to capture volume shifts given our size and scale and market-leading distinction in the grocery and pharmaceutical verticals as well as our strength in the enterprise card presence and e-commerce capabilities. Capital markets, continues to exceed our expectations as our pivot to a SaaS-based go-to-market strategy has strengthened the resiliency of that segment. This strategy has also supported the profitability of this revenue as we benefit from a one-to-many operating model, allowing these clients to leverage our scale and expertise to simplify their complex needs. Given the demand for SaaS-based solutions in this segment and the continued macroeconomic issues we are seeing, our license fees each quarter will continue to come under pressure. We will continue to monitor this trend closely. I will conclude with the actions we are taking to ensure long-term growth and stability. FIS investment-grade credit ratings differentiate us from others in the industry and provides us with a strong foundation during uncertain times. We will continue to fortify our balance sheet with a focus on the long-term. Because of this, we currently do not anticipate taking out incremental debt in 2023 to fund share repurchase above our excess free cash flow. We will remain focused on allocating capital efficiently and should market conditions deteriorate, we will deploy our robust free cash flow to pay down upcoming maturities. Fortunately, the strength of our enterprise will allow us to continue to fund share repurchase with excess cash, returning incremental capital to our shareholders above and beyond our dividend. We are also announcing an enterprise transformation program to significantly enhance cash flows through the business with a focus on both operational excellence and prioritizing capital expenditures. As we have completed significant investment programs over the last several years, including our data center consolidation and several banking, capital markets and merchant modernization programs, we are now able to reduce our capital requirements in the future. We are reaffirming our commitment to 20% plus annual dividend growth and a 35% payout target, a true differentiator of FIS compared to others in the industry and a testament to our cash flow generation. With that, I will now turn the call over to Stephanie for the operational update.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you, Gary and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. Let me start by saying what an honor and a privilege it is to be assuming the role of CEO of FIS on January 1. Gary, thank you for your leadership and mentorship and I look forward to working closely with you in your new role as Executive Chairman. I also look forward to working with our 65,000 colleagues and our thousands of clients and partners around the world. And finally, thank you to Woody, our outgoing CFO, for his many years of service and congratulations and welcome to Erik Hoag, our new CFO. Let me echo Gary’s comments that the third quarter was challenging. We are not satisfied with our results. Given the changing macro environment, the persistence of inflationary cost pressures and the resulting impacts to margin and free cash flow, we are taking immediate action to permanently reduce the cost structure of the company via our enterprise transformation program. Turning to Slide 9, this program will focus on consumer business with a goal of maximizing revenue growth, while simplifying our operating model. This will enable us to deliver significant reductions in both operating costs and capital expenditures through very targeted actions while always ensuring that our client remains at the center of everything we do. Our goal is to deliver long-term margin expansion while reallocating capital spend to the highest value-creating activities for our clients, thus driving improved cash flow conversion. This Enterprise Transformation program has two key pillars designed to restructure and reinvigorate our operating model. First, we are focused on permanently reshaping our cost structure through both cost reduction and containment initiatives. These include actions surrounding the optimization and reduction of vendor spend, the outsourcing of non-value-added activities and reviewing and rightsizing the current workforce. Second, we are focused on increasing the revenue of the company by unlocking value through our targeted enterprise cross-sell program called Amplify, which will take advantage of the significant white space opportunity to sell our existing products across our current segments. We will also be focused on reviewing, aligning and simplifying both our pricing and incentive structures as well as various other commercial excellence initiatives. We have begun to take immediate actions towards this transformation program. Detailed planning is underway and our early expectations are to deliver at least $500 million of cash savings with additional upside to be determined as we go through the planning process. Given the economic backdrop, we are pressing to deliver as many of these savings in 2023 as possible. I plan to update you with a more complete sizing and framework for the program on our fourth quarter earnings call. Moving on to the third quarter, our segment results were mixed. Revenue came in largely as expected with the exception of further deterioration in macroeconomic conditions primarily in the UK. Adjusted EBITDA margins were challenged. I will begin on Slide 10 with a brief overview of our banking and capital markets segments, including highlighting several exciting new wins. Demand for FIS’ mission-critical solutions across both segments continues to be strong, with solid positive sales growth and even in this more uncertain macro environment, our sales pipeline remains robust. In our Banking Solutions segment, organic revenue grew 6% or 8% adjusting for the pandemic grow over. Strength was driven by continued demand for our next-generation platform solutions across core, issuer, digital and wealth management. PaymentsOne, our next-generation card management platform had a strong sales showing. Key wins include a leading global card network provider that selected PaymentsOne for its cross-border prepaid consumer and corporate solutions business that serves nearly 20 countries. Migrating from its in-house solution to our API-based platform will enable the company to realize end-to-end efficiency benefits at scale. Additionally, a leading Philippine financial institution selected PaymentsOne for processing of its credit card and unsecured loans portfolio, helping them to drive innovation and market expansion. And finally, one of the world’s largest retailers went live with FIS premium payback across its U.S. locations. We see this as a tremendous proof point of cross-selling across our segments. A challenging economic factors like inflation play into consumer shopping decisions. Premium Payback offers significant discounts to shoppers, benefiting both merchants and card issuing banks who are looking to offer more innovative and frictionless way for cardholders to monetize their rewards currency. Turning to capital markets, we had another strong quarter, even with a slowing sales backdrop. Revenue increased 6% organically or 9% excluding license revenue, Capital Markets has been on a multiyear strategy to shift to SaaS-based solutions from license solutions. We are very pleased to see the success of this strategy. We had several impressive client wins within the Capital Markets segment this quarter including multiple wins for our cross asset and trading platform with several leading FIS across Europe and Asia. Not only will our solutions provide these financial institutions with a single cross-asset platform to support their front, middle and back-office operations, the platform caters to changing regulatory environments, making local regulatory approval easier for the banks. We also deepened our relationship with a leading data analytics company as they expand their use of our receivables and payables solution for the purpose of empowering their corporate customers to drive automation, cost savings and more effective cash flow management. Turning to Slide 11, I will touch on the performance of the Merchant Solutions segment. Given past interest in our merchant strategy and its evolution in recent years, I’d like to take a few minutes to update you on the competitive position of the Worldpay business as well as the strategic pivot that is currently underway. We will provide a much more comprehensive deep dive into our differentiated merchant solutions strategy and its complementary nature to our other segments in early 2023. Merchant Solutions revenue increased 5% on an organic basis, with growth negatively impacted by further deterioration in the UK, while U.S. consumer spend remained consistent throughout the quarter. While our merchant business is not immune from an economic slowdown, we believe the business is well positioned to grow through a recession. Approximately, 55% of the segment revenue is sourced from the e-commerce and enterprise sub-segments, excluding the UK. We would expect these sub-segments of the business to be more resilient in an economic downturn relative to SMB. Furthermore, our North American Enterprise sub-segment increased 7% in the quarter. This channel indexes towards nondiscretionary spend categories, including big box retail, grocery and pharmacy. While some of this growth is a result of strong year-over-year comparisons, coming out of the pandemic, we continue to see and expect strong growth in this key segment of Merchant Solutions. We have several notable wins this quarter, especially in our e-commerce business, highlighting the strength that our global scale and reach offers to our clients. First, while still early days, we are very pleased with the momentum we are seeing for our recently launched Global Solution guaranteed payments, which we introduced to you last quarter. A large global consumer electronics giant chose this end-to-end e-commerce solution to help them maximize order conversion rates and reduced order fulfillment times, all while eliminating the financial liability of fraud on approved orders. We have also expanded our relationship with a large U.S. discount retailer by expanding processing volumes and adding new services like the FIS Premium Payback solution, encryption and tokenization services. I am excited to announce that we officially branded and launched our Worldpay for Platforms offering, leveraging the capabilities provided by the Payrix acquisition. While still early days, I am pleased with the momentum we are seeing. Worldpay for Platforms is our innovative approach to addressing the SMB market by empowering SaaS platforms with the unparalleled tools and capabilities across FIS’ merchant and banking offerings. We believe we are at the forefront of the new era of payments that will drive the next evolution of services to SMBs via software and platforms with payments and financial services leading the way. This quarter, we closed several notable wins in verticals such as media and veterinary. In response to your questions regarding the performance of the business post-pandemic and in an effort to improve transparency, we are providing some additional detail on this call. First, despite fair amount of noise around disruption and market share shifts, Merchant Solutions revenue and volume growth in aggregate, when indexed to 2019 levels has remained stable, showing steady revenue growth and high single-digit volume growth. Further, revenue and volume growth rates and yields have remained consistent by sub-segment, albeit they are very depending on the merchant size and vertical in each category. To be clear, while our SMB sub-segment, which indexes to card present acquiring, has been adversely impacted by changing market dynamics. The strength in our e-commerce business, where we continue to grow above market and in our enterprise business has allowed us to deliver consistent top line results. Going forward with continued market share growth in e-commerce as well as our strategic shift to embedded payments and embedded finance, we expect e-commerce to ultimately account for 50% plus of total segment revenue. I will end where I started. I couldn’t be more excited about the opportunity in front of us at FIS. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Erik for further discussion of our third quarter results and our revised outlook for 2022. Erik?
Erik Hoag: Thanks, Stephanie and thank you for joining us today. This morning, I’d like to dive deeper into the third quarter results, particularly around EBITDA margins, touch on our balance sheet and cash flow metrics and then move to capital allocation and forward-looking commentary. I will begin with our third quarter financial results on Slide 13. As Gary mentioned, revenue increased 5% on an organic basis and adjusted EPS was $1.74, in line with our expectations for the quarter. On a consolidated basis, adjusted EBITDA margin contracted 150 basis points to 43.7% as margin expansion in capital markets and a reduction in corporate expenses was more than offset by contraction in banking and merchant, reflecting a mix of inflationary costs, high-margin pandemic grow-overs and incremental macro headwinds in geographies such as the UK. Turning to our segment results. Banking revenue increased 6% organically with adjusted EBITDA margin contraction of 320 basis points to 42.9%. Margin contraction was primarily driven as high variable costs associated with inflationary pressure, a reduction in pandemic-related revenue and ramping as-a-service deals, which are currently dilutive to segment margins. While these as-a-service deals are currently dilutive, they have aided in our strong banking growth over the past several quarters and will continue to expand margins over time. As expected, termination fees were down compared to the prior year period, but a pull forward on license revenue mostly offset this impact resulting in growth in non-recurring revenue. We have also seen some elongation in sales cycles, particularly for larger deals, where we remain a market leader versus others in the industry. This is negatively impacting both revenue growth and margin in the quarter and we expect this headwind to persist for the remainder of the year. Turning to Merchant Solutions, revenue increased 5% on an organic basis with margin contraction of 430 basis points to 47.4%. Margin contraction was primarily driven by incremental investment in emerging channels as well as macro impacts associated with the UK and Europe, wage inflation and FX. Capital Markets organic growth was 6%, demonstrating the consistency and resiliency of the segment over the last several quarters. Margin expanded by 90 basis points to 49.3%, primarily driven by strong cost discipline and operating leverage within the segment. Turning to Slide 14, in the quarter, we returned approximately $1.3 billion of capital to shareholders, maintained leverage of 2.9x and had a weighted average interest rate of 2%. We generated $684 million of free cash flow, including an approximate $250 million headwind associated with the taxable gain from our cross-currency swaps in the quarter. This resulted in free cash flow conversion of 65%, excluding this impact, free cash flow conversion would have been approximately 84%. Reflecting our year-to-date conversion and outlook for the fourth quarter, we now anticipate free cash flow conversion of approximately 80% for the year. And excluding the tax impact in the third quarter, we would anticipate a more normalized 88% conversion for the year. We anticipate share buyback of approximately $500 million in the fourth quarter as we utilize excess free cash flow to buy back stock. We’re highly focused on improving our free cash flow conversion moving forward, driven by a targeted reduction in capital expenditures aligned with the priorities outlined in the Enterprise transformation program. Turning to Slide 15 for commentary around capital allocation philosophy, as Gary mentioned, we’re putting a heightened focus on the balance sheet given the macroeconomic environment. Said plainly, we no longer anticipate taking out incremental debt in 2023 to fund share repurchase. This will modestly de-lever our enterprise in conjunction with EBITDA growth, further supporting the strength of our balance sheet as a competitive differentiator. We remain committed to our annual dividend growth of 20% plus and continue to believe that a 35% payout ratio is an appropriate target. Beyond our dividend and capital expenditures, share repurchase will be our default use of excess free cash flow, consistent with our historical capital allocation strategy. Turning to Slide 16. We reflecting several incremental and persistent headwinds that Gary, Stephanie and I have discussed throughout the presentation, we’re adjusting our full year 2022 guidance. There are three primary vectors driving the reduction in our outlook for the year. First, we’ve seen incremental macro factors impacting various portions of our revenue streams. Most notable of these macro factors is the recessionary trends within the UK and broader Europe, putting pressure on our merchant volumes within the region. Given the slowing level of bank consolidation due to deteriorating credit markets, we’ve reduced our assumption for termination fees in the quarter. While this is ultimately a benefit to the health of FIS over the longer-term, it’s driving a material reduction to our 2022 expectations. The second vector would be inflation and cost pressures impacting the expense base. This is inclusive of incremental wage, infrastructure and vendor costs. Additionally, while inflation has been an incremental benefit to some revenue streams via price escalators, it has also resulted in higher pass-through revenues, which carry low to zero margin. This has negatively impacted revenue mix and margins. The last vector is associated with sales timing and execution due to continued elongation in our larger transactions, resulting in a push on certain previously forecasted revenues. We also incorporated our third quarter results into this revised outlook compared to original expectations. While the backdrop is challenging, the size of our backlog and concentration of our recurring revenue has allowed us to offset most revenue challenges, however, with a different mix of businesses and margin profiles. We are looking to address these cost pressures through our announced enterprise transformation program that Stephanie discussed earlier, and we believe that longer-term margin expansion remains a staple within our operating model. A key priority of mine and the finance teams will be managing the things inside our control very closely. While we cannot control the macro, we will look to manage the micro across both operating and capital expenditures to drive profitability and incremental cash through the enterprise. Turning to Slide 17 for a summary of our revised guidance. For the year, we now anticipate consolidated revenue of $14.47 billion to $14.52 billion resulting in organic revenue growth of 6% to 7%. Adjusted EBITDA of $6.17 billion to $6.21 billion or margins of 42.6% to 42.8% and adjusted EPS of $6.60 to $6.66. We are proactively de-risking our fourth quarter and full year 2022 guidance to incorporate additional macro deterioration from what our business is currently experiencing. To be clear, our current forecast is above our fourth quarter guide. For banking and capital markets, we are lowering our assumptions associated with high margin non-recurring revenue given decreased visibility. With respect to Merchant, we’re incorporating further consumer challenges across both the UK and, to a lesser extent, the U.S. As the incoming CFO, given the more uncertain backdrop, I think it’s prudent to err on the side of caution as it relates to setting forward expectations. As investors, you should expect this to be my guidance philosophy going forward. Turning to Slide 18. Given the uncertainty in the macro backdrop, we are reassessing our midterm guidance which we will readdress early next year. While it’s premature at this juncture to provide a formal 2023 outlook as it relates to operational performance, I do want to offer some color on several below-the-line assumptions for the purposes of updating your models. Beginning with depreciation and amortization, our current projection is a range of $1.28 billion to $1.32 billion into for the full year 2023. Moving to net interest expense. Assuming the refinancing of maturing debt, our net interest expense would be in the range of $650 million to $700 million for the full year 2023 at current interest rate projections. As economic continues to progress through 2023, if debt reduction becomes a more optimal use of capital over share repurchase will execute accordingly. Presently, we would expect share repurchase to be our back-end loaded in 2023. I expect our effective tax rate to be slightly higher around 15% to 16%, and our period end 2022 share count should be approximately $595 million. At this time, we believe our below-the-line assumptions are in a reasonable range to communicate externally for the upcoming year to assist in modeling our financials. As I wrap up my prepared remarks, I’d be remiss if I did not acknowledge the contributions of my predecessor, Woody Woodall to the company and his mentorship as I now assume leadership of the finance organization. I’ll finish by saying I’m excited for the next chapter of FIS and commit to being a prudent allocator of capital, a disciplined expense manager across the enterprise and a transparent and conservative communicator to the investment community. FIS continues to differentiate through expertise with enterprise merchants and financial institutions, we continue to provide mission-critical capabilities with highly recurring revenue streams and we benefit from a one-to-many operating model to drive underlying margin expansion, all of which we believe will deliver consistent and sustainable results through challenging macroeconomic conditions, driving value to our clients and shareholders for years to come. Thank you again for your time this morning. Operator, will you please open the line for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And today’s first question will come from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Yes. Hey, guys. Thanks, Woody, for all the time over the years. It’s been great working with you. And I guess my first question, just when we think of Merchants, it seems like most of the competitive data points we’ve gotten have been around 10%, maybe a little over. You guys were mid-single digits. You explained some of the moving parts with the UK. But maybe what do you think are the gaps again between you and the industry? And what does it take to get back? And maybe how soon do you think you can grow in line with the industry again?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, Dave, thank you. This is Stephanie. I’ll take that. So I think – look, I think Merchant, if you look at 2022 over 2019, it’s been a mid-single-digit grower consistently. It’s been pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter. Let’s break down what’s in here in terms of thinking about what’s strategic for us and then what we strategically are deprioritizing. So if you think about the business broadly, as you know, we are one of the largest global e-commerce providers. That is, by far and away, our most strategic piece of the business along with being a large-scale enterprise card-present provider in the U.S., which provides the scale we need to continue to really drive a lot of market share gains. Given the post pandemic, given the structural shifts in the industry, we are seeing significant changes in our SMB portfolio. And we’re strategically deprioritizing it and moving all of those partners that we’ve historically had there over to our embedded payment strategy with Worldpay for Platforms. So the way we see the world as we go forward is, we have been and will continue to be a mid-single-digit grower. You will see us continue to add and drive growth in our e-commerce segment, which, as you know, has a higher growth part of the portfolio. We are pivoting our strategy from card-present SMB to card not present SMB. And over time, that mix shift will take the e-commerce piece of this business upwards of 45% to 50% of the total portfolio and then should pivot the business back to a higher growth rate.
Dave Koning: Yes. Great, thank you. And then just on margins. I guess if we look first just at Merchant, it was close to 100% incremental margin in both 2020 and 2021. And now this year, it’s closer to zero. And I think all the businesses are feeling some of that pressure. Are we in a position where maybe that really started, I don’t know if it’s 8, 10 months ago, we’re not that far away from anniversarying the big pressure from costs just on inflation. When we anniversary that, can we start to see normal incremental margins again plus this cost savings program? Like is that kind of the expectation?
Erik Hoag: David, it’s Erik. Yes, I think that’s a fair way to think about it. As I think about the third quarter margins, really two predominant drivers here. One is continued investment in emerging channels, which would be geographies and Payrix as well as broad-based macro impacts where we’re seeing revenue come down at very high incremental margins, which would include the UK and Russia, Ukraine.
Dave Koning: Okay. Great, thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Appreciate you for taking the questions. So I know you mentioned that there’ll be an update on the medium-term guidance coming next quarter. I mean, Erik, I know when we met with you in September, it certainly sounded like cost is a pretty high priority for you even relative to revenues. You seem to be underscoring some of that today. So is that kind of the right mental model we should have as we think about how the multiyear financial outlook may evolve? And I think Stephanie may have just said in response to the last question, Merchant trending kind of mid-single digits for some period of time at least. Are those some of the piece parts we should be considering just as we try and get our models properly adjusted in the out years?
Erik Hoag: Jason, that is a fair way to think about it. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re not going to get deep into the operational performance in for 2023 and beyond. But referencing back to the sell-side lunch. I believe that there were the four things that we – the four key points that we talked about during that session, I think, are still very, very relevant. The macro continues to be a challenge for us, we’re focused on spending across both operating expense, capital expenditures as well as one-time items as well. We wanted to ensure that we’ve got some visibility into 2023 for interest expense. And then lastly, we’ve got ongoing commitment associated with excess free cash flow going to repurchase.
Jason Kupferberg: Right. Right. Yes. No, that color was helpful. And Slide 16 was actually really helpful, too, just doing that guidance walk there. Just as a follow-up on the $500 million plus in cash savings, you talked about, it sounds like you’re trying to get at most of that in 2023. What’s at this point, your sense of the rough mix of the OpEx versus the CapEx component? And how much would you expect to drop to the bottom line versus reinvest?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Good morning. I’ll answer that. Don’t know yet. So we are aggressively going after, as we talked about, both operating expenses. As Gary mentioned, we’re at the end of our investment cycle. As you guys know, we’ve made significant investments in modernization in our products across capital markets, banking and merchant. Those investments yielded very, very significant and positive momentum in terms of products sitting market at the right demand. But as a natural cycle, it makes sense now for us to take the capital investment in those down. So we’re going very active around the reduction and reallocation of capital or operating expenses, as Erik mentioned on the call, we are experiencing some significant increase in inflationary and then and then nonrecurring. Overall, we’re really looking at driving as much of the $500 million in cash flow and improving our cash flow margins in 2023. But I just don’t yet have how much that’s going to impact in ‘23 versus coming into 2024, we’re pushing into 2023. And I don’t have a feel for you yet on OpEx, CapEx, etcetera. We will come back to you in the fourth quarter because we’re just detailed planning and actions happening now.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. We will see you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. My question is really around, historically, FIS has always been a good manager or a portfolio manager looking at different assets throughout the business. And so just looking at some assets that are obviously continuing to grow well, whether it’s got markets or banking, versus parts of the merchant business makes me wonder, again, if it makes sense to reconsider that, right, and whether there is assets that could be better off just being with another company while you could reinvest in areas that really do want to be a focus, you could use cash from those sales. So any further consideration of portfolio management, whether it’s divestitures or – and then maybe just a real quick revisit on whether there is – given some of the broken assets out there, if there is acquisitions that make sense into the merchant side as well?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, Darrin, thanks for the question. Absolutely. We have strength, I would say, here at FIS in two things: one, which is being very strong portfolio managers and making sure that we divest underperforming businesses, reallocate capital, etcetera, as well as strategically, I think we’ve been a really, really good strategic provider of M&A. So just looking at that, as I come and Erik and I come into the business, we are doing a full-scale review, top to bottom in terms of what we think we should be doing. Although that being said, I believe, strategically, it’s really important for these three segments to be together on one platform. So you’re not going to look to see us do any big, large transaction either buy or sell. What we’re really focused on right now is making sure we focus on the underlying cost structure of the company, getting the capital allocation correct, simplifying the operating model, you might see us look at things like getting out of certain countries where we don’t think we’re getting the right return, selling certain small areas of our business that we think would be better suited with someone else. But strategically, we believe, in these assets being together. And why we do is because of the ability for us to cross-sell products across segments. So that being said, we are always prudent allocators of capital. We always focus on value creation. And so we always will continue to look at that. But what we’re really focused on over the next two quarters is driving out the costs we need to drive to make sure that we can really return the operating leverage and the cash flow of the company.
Gary Norcross: Darrin, let me add just one thing there. I mean you did also ask about future M&A. We fundamentally do believe we’re heading into a macro environment of softening. The reality is, historically, you wouldn’t do M&A going into that macro environment downturn, you would do M&A when you see the trough and you’re starting to come out. That’s when the valuations will be at their lowest level and that would be the opportunity. So one of things we’re doing is we talk about fortifying the balance sheet is just that, right? It really puts us in a position to evaluate – is there going to be an economic recession or not, how deep, how long but then it will give the team an opportunity given that balance sheet to take advantage of that based on if and when that occurs and when they see the trough and the recovery. So I just wanted to share that.
Stephanie Ferris: That’s a great point.
Darrin Peller: Yes. No, that makes a lot of sense. Just the quick follow-up is the information you gave on merchant and the thoughts on [indiscernible] makes sense. If we could just touch on capital markets and banking permitted. It’s been very strong and resilient. And so when we think about that resilience now, what are you seeing in the market around it? Is demand as strong as it’s been? And even with some questions on the macro front into next year or 2?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. No, listen, how about I give some color commentary and then Erik can add on a few things I didn’t get enough there. But I would say demand continues to be really strong, both in banking and capital markets. The investments we made to modernize the products also the financial institution market broadly is – continues to be very significantly spending on digitization and omni-channel capabilities that they need and our solutions meet those needs at the perfect time. So the demand continues to be really high. What we’re seeing, and we started seeing it in the second quarter, and we flagged it is just elongating sales cycles. And so that’s why we’re somewhat calling the macro here. We’re seeing financial institutions taking longer to make decisions. We’re not seeing that they don’t like the products. They certainly like the products, but we are seeing decisions slow. And as we saw a decision slow in second quarter and then third quarter, we have great visibility. We have a great pipeline. It’s very strong. But we’re becoming a little bit challenged in terms of the transparency of when those are going to close. And I think that’s just the financial institution market being a little prudent with what they are seeing across the economy. So I would say the demand there continues to be strong. What we’re calling out for you is a bit of the macro in terms of how we’re seeing people behave.
Gary Norcross: Let me add a little bit to that, Darrin. I was on with what, three different CEOs yesterday alone talking through what they are seeing in the market, what’s going on with our relationship, etcetera. It’s interesting. I’ve never really seen the banking industry stronger. You are seeing massive interest rate increases, so their NIMs expanding. So profitability is going way up. You’re seeing their credit quality very strong. I actually had on all three separate occasions, the comment of what is everybody else seeing that we are not. And it’s causing them to pause because they are just – the reality is they are concerned that, well, maybe there is something we don’t know. And so we have seen this in the past. It’s not a demand issue, but that’s what’s elongating the sales cycle. So, something that might have taken 90 days to close, might take 180 days, because they are just cautious rightfully so, even though they are having a very, very strong profitability and strong growth. They are just concerned with the rhetoric in the market. And you saw the equity market yesterday how it responded to the latest interest rates, right. We continue to say it’s baked in and then there is messaging that occurs and you see the decline. All of that makes very prudent business leaders, just take a little more time in decisioning. And that’s what we are seeing. But that demand is very strong and very good, and our products are very well timed.
Darrin Peller: Got it. Thanks Gary. Thanks Stephanie.
Stephanie Ferris: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] That will come from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. Since Heritage Worldpay is largely UK-based, what steps are you taking to mitigate the earnings pressure in the UK? In other words, is a specific part of the enterprise transformation plan really aimed at Heritage Worldpay in the UK?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So, I will take them. The UK is 15% of Worldpay. So, I don’t consider it a Worldpay base. Actually, I would consider the Worldpay business broadly North American-based. If you think about it, there is really – there is a North American portfolio, which is primarily large card present enterprise. And then a lot of our global e-commerce is also in North America, as you would expect, given the size of the market. So, the UK piece of it is 15%. You are right, it is a very challenging economic time there. I mean we gave a guide in second quarter 90 days ago, we thought – we felt pretty good about considering what was going – what was happening in a recession there, and then they changed Prime Ministers at least once, maybe twice. And so the economic conditions in the UK are pretty challenging. And as we look out even over the next 60 days, it’s tough to call it. They are in a recession, their consumers are struggling, and we are tied to consumer spend. So, as that goes up and down, it is a high-margin business, just like payment processing. So, in terms of costs, our $500 million of cost program is broad-based. Of course, we are looking at the UK, but it is really so small. We really couldn’t make the margin expand just on the UK, but we are very conscious of the business there. And what you will never see us do is make cuts such that we will impair the ability for the business to grow or it will impact our customers. So, I would say that enterprise transformation program is just that. It’s enterprise-wide. And we will be focusing on everything across our entire global portfolio.
David Togut: Appreciate that. I was thinking of Heritage Worldpay before the Vantage merger. Just a quick follow-up, Stephanie, your comments on SMB weakness in merchant solutions in Q3 revenue down 1%, how much of that is market-based versus FIS-specific?
Stephanie Ferris: I mean I think the – so that’s our card-present portfolio to think about that being primarily terminal-based ISO book, ISV book. I would say for us, it’s probably largely us on – from a market perspective in terms of we are strategically pivoting that business to our platforms business. So, an omni card not present capability. So, that piece of our business, whether it’s our ISO business or ISV business, we are strategically pivoting away from that. It’s just not a high-growth business for us. And we want to be in SMB via platforms and more focused on e-commerce. So, I would say the number is probably more us than the broad market.
David Togut: Thank you. Congratulations Gary and Stephanie.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Thanks David.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] That will come from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hey. Thank you so much. Good morning. I wanted to build on, I think, some of the answers you have given already. Just thinking about – I know Gary, we talked about the super buyer. I think you have relabeled it as project Amplify. And Stephanie, you mentioned cross-selling is still important. But I am just curious if the intensity of that has changed because the market focus on super apps and providing equity and merchant services and banking. It feels like it’s changing a little bit. So, I just want to test again the importance of the project Amplify? Do you have targets in mind? Has that changed in the main way?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes.
Gary Norcross: Go ahead. No, go ahead, Stephanie.
Stephanie Ferris: So, Tien-tsin, I would say we are even more bullish about it. So, I think we have evolved this a bit. You are right, we have super users. I mean if you look at our top 200 clients across the enterprise, the majority of them have some sort of product out across all three segments, which is really encouraging. And when we go out and talk to, for example, whether it’s a large technology provider in our global e-commerce book or we are talking to the largest grocery retailer and the CEO, all of them are really looking at us and talking to us about not just about the payments piece, but about financial services. And if you think about what’s happening in the world broadly, we are seeing financial services continue the evolution to the – almost to the point of transaction and embedding in every transaction that we are doing. And so our broad breadth of capabilities resonate across all of our segments and large customers. And so we are formalizing it into what we are calling our Amplify opportunity. We will be back on it more in the fourth quarter, giving a lot more view towards size and absolutely, we are goaling it, and we are seeing some initial success. It’s one of the reasons why I am very excited about the opportunity. We have a very significant opportunity to drive incremental revenue growth by doing more of it. And so I don’t know that it’s evolving other than we continue to be very excited about it.
Gary Norcross: Yes. I would just add one – I would add one thing to it, Tien-tsin. I mean you used the concept super app. So, I want to be real careful. We would view a super user different than a super app, super app would dictate that we are going to do large development. This is simply taking the success that we had with the Worldpay integration of cross-sales and amplifying that up to the next level. So, starting to think about our really large customers across all of FIS, not within the traditional segments they housed. And Stephanie is absolutely all over driving the sales team and incenting that behavior to drive cross-sales in a more fundamental way. Our large enterprise customers, the reality is most of them need the capabilities in all three segments, not just one segment they are in. So, there is not a large development effort here. There is not a large spend effort here. There is a focused incentive that Stephanie is driving.
Tien-tsin Huang: Perfect. Thanks for clarifying that. And look, I can think of a lot of merchants. I know they want to bank their users and do things and there is some overlap there. So, I am glad you clarified that for me. If you don’t mind, just my quick – I don’t know if this quick. My follow-up, just on the SMB side, I know we are going to learn more, but it sounds like FIS is willing to be the wholesale provider in face-to-face within SMB and then pivoting more to doing – I think you just said it platform and Omni, which makes sense. I think because SMB is moving more towards platform type services. Does this mean you need to invest in new areas to service that platform piece, either organically or inorganically? I know pay-in, pay-out, for example, is really important there. A lot of SMBs are moving on to larger platforms, and you can do that on enterprise, but it feels like it’s a different need there within e-comm platform. Do you have what you need to be successful there? Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Great question. We are absolutely shifting to via our embedded payment strategy to deliver capabilities, both payments and financial services through our platform structure. That was the significant reason behind buying the Payrix asset. So, that asset enables us to not only embed payments, but also embed financial services to think embedded finance. So, that’s the strategic pivot that we are embarking upon. And Tien-tsin, your point is exactly right. So, we have embedded payments today. We have the three biggest capabilities people want into those SMBs through the platforms, which is issuing as a service, deposit taking as a service and lending as a service because we have the technology already that we are integrating into the Worldpay for Platform. And then we have the FIS that sit behind it that will deploy their balance sheet. So, if you think about it from our standpoint, we have been historically the infrastructure as a service provider. That’s effectively where we have kind of sat in the ecosystem to be that with respect to SMBs, whether it’s embedded in software or in platforms, you have to have three things. You have to have the global e-commerce capability, you have to have a platform that will enable it and then you ultimately have to be able to provide the financial service capability. What we are not going to do is use our own balance sheet, but because of the connectivity we have to the financial institutions. We think we are uniquely positioned because we have the technology can tap into their balance sheet. So, you are exactly right. We are embarking on a platform strategy here. We believe we have the components and the components were already organically building. So, it’s not a huge build for us. The big strategic piece was getting the platform that we bought through Payrix and now it’s enabling all the capabilities we already have.
Gary Norcross: Yes. That was the only add I was going to have, and Stephanie just hit it, Tien-tsin. I mean Erik referenced, I mean some of the margin pressure we are seeing in merchant is related to investment in the platform. So, let’s not – but it’s all organic internally on a well-established base. So, the products done very, very well. We are seeing very, very strong growth. It’s early days, but it’s certainly a key component to the future of the overall merchant business, but it will be organically funded.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay. Thank you for giving this a long-winded question. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Stephanie, this one is for you. We have covered a lot of ground today. You have a lot of good initiatives underway here. Just tying it all together, when you are thinking about your vision and priorities for FIS, how should investors be thinking that FIS will look differently 12 months to 24 months from now?
Stephanie Ferris: Well, thanks for the question, Lisa. So, thinking about from my standpoint, first, we are going to continue to do what FIS has its strength in, which is deliver best-in-class products and services across our customer base. But in terms of thinking about how to do that differently, possibly over the next 12 months to 24 months, is continuing to pivot to a platform strategy to drive incremental cross-sell and revenue growth either through Amplify, which is taking our existing products and selling them across our existing segments or as I just described, pivoting to in the Worldpay space or in the payment space, not only embedded payments, but also embedded finance. But probably most importantly, over the next 6 months to 12 months, you are going to see us really focus on the operating model and the underlying cost structure of the company, really focused on value creation and how we make sure that the operating model and cash flow conversion continues to be best-in-class, like FIS has been. And once we get the operating expenses and capital expenditures and free cash flow back where we want it to be, I think then you will see us start to think about where do we want to return capital. And to Gary’s point, really go back to looking at M&A, which is a strategic strength of ours. And given our balance sheet, given our strength, given where we think we will be in the marketplace after we have made some really, really significant improvements on the cost structure, I think you would see us then start to look at redeploying cash for M&A. So, that’s how I think about where I am focused and Erik is focused over the next 18 months to 24 months.
Lisa Ellis: Okay. Good. Thank you. And then just a follow-up because you just mentioned it on the CapEx side. I know you called out in the presentation today, it’s running at about 9% of revenue, excluding the new corporate headquarters. What are some of the biggest areas – I know it’s on the list for the enterprise transformation program. So, what are some of the areas where you think you can bring down CapEx? And then I am just thinking about how you kind of balance that with the investments you were just calling out after Tien-tsin’s question in the platform side business?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So, it is literally just that. So, as Gary mentioned in his prepared remarks, we have made significant investments over the last 5 years in data center consolidation, modern banking platform, P1, new acquiring platform, access Worldpay, clear derivatives products. I mean so we have made investments in all of the segments and their products. They are now in market. Demand is high. We are seeing a big great uptake in them. So, it’s just at the end of a natural cycle for us to start bringing a lot of that investment down to more normalized levels. So, that’s the first thing we are doing. And honestly, as much as I would say, it’s not that hard because it is at the end of a normal investment cycle. So, we are pulling those down. Now, you are exactly right. We are investing and making sure that we are focused on value creation and investing some of it, definitely not all of it. Some of it back into making sure that we have all the capital we need to strategically grow our platforms business, etcetera. But it is not nearly the heavy investment that we have been making. And so you will see us bring down to normal levels and then reallocate into where we see growth in the businesses over the next 12 months to 24 months, but we wouldn’t expect to need 9% of revenue capital expenditures going forward. Not yet ready to call where we think it will end up, but we would see it significantly coming down over time.
Lisa Ellis: Thank you. It’s perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And that will come from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi. Thank you so much for taking my question this morning. And this is sort of a follow-up to Lisa’s question, and you may have sort of started to touch on the answer just now. But it’s a question on free cash flow conversion and just whether the business has become more capital intensive over time, whether the – there is more of a heightened requirement for capital investments, perhaps because of competition and larger tech requirements. Should we have – should we think about the free cash flow conversion profile of the businesses having changed over time? It sounds like you are seeing it as much more of a – sort of a non-recurring impacts, and it will return to more normalized levels as we go forward.
Erik Hoag: Hey Ramsey. I think you are thinking about it right. There is nothing structural in our model that would lead us to believe that it’s anything other than one-time in nature.
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay. And I had a follow-up question on – I think it was Jason’s question from earlier around the enterprise transformation program. Where do you see the sort of lowest hanging fruit there? I know you called out some sort of larger buckets. Are there any particular areas in terms of expense reduction that seem to be kind of the lowest-hanging fruit as it were?
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. Happy to give some color on that. I think what I just spoke about, which is just the natural evolution of the capital expenditure coming down is fairly low-hanging fruit for us in terms of thinking about bringing that down to normalized levels. The second is around vendor spend. So, as we brought the company together, as you can expect, we have great prudent capabilities around vendors. But given the inflationary pressures that we have coming through us, we can continue to be very proactive around our vendors and making sure that we are offsetting our inflated costs there. So, we see a lot of opportunity in vendor spend. And then we are really looking hard at duplication of activities across operating segments, cost containment and then really looking at the work first broadly. And then obviously, we operate – we are a global company. We operate in a lot of countries around the world, so rationalizing if we need and want to be in all those countries. But those are some of the high-level things we are looking at.
Ramsey El-Assal: That’s super helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s question-and-answer portion of today’s call. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Gary Norcross for any closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Gary Norcross: Thank you. In closing, I would like to share that it has been a privilege to have served this company for more than 34 years, including serving as CEO since 2015. The company we have built is made to withstand an uncertain economic backdrop, and we will continue to build upon our leading position across the markets we serve. I look forward to staying actively engaged as Executive Chairman as we embark on the next chapter of FIS. Thank you to our 65,000 colleagues for your dedication to our clients. At FIS, we will continue to advance the way [Technical Difficulty]. Thank you for joining the call today.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 12:50:19) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the FIS Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker Mr. Nate Rozof with Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nathan Rozof: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today. This call is being webcasted. Today's news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. Gary Norcross, our Chairman and CEO will provide a business and strategy update. Stephanie Ferris, our President will discuss our operating performance. Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial Officer will then review our financial results and provide forward guidance. Finally Erik Hoag, our Deputy CFO will then review â will be with us for Q&A. Turning to Slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share, and free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information the GAAP financial information are presented in our earnings release. Finally I'm excited to share that George Mihalos will be joining our team during the third quarter. He knows both our company and the industry extremely well and will be a valuable addition to FIS. With that Gary I'll turn the call to you.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Nate and thank you for joining us today. I'd like to begin today's call by congratulating Erik Hoag, as he begins to transition into his new role as Chief Financial Officer of FIS and by thanking Woody for his more than 14 years of distinguished service with the company. Erik has been with FIS for nearly 15 years, working closely with Woody throughout that time. And he spent most of his time leading financial planning and analysis at FIS. Erik has a strong insight into both our business and financials. This transition represents the strength of our talent development and succession planning and I have the utmost confidence in Erik's ability to meet or exceed our financial commitments while returning capital to our shareholders. As a key member of my leadership team Woody's contribution to FIS has been immeasurable. During his tenure, he helped transform FIS with two of the largest strategic acquisitions in the industry. He meticulously manage costs while at the same time empowering our businesses to accelerate their growth profiles. His leadership will be missed. Woody will step down effective November 4 and remain with the company through a transitionary period as CFO Emeritus to ensure a smooth transition. I'll now begin our earnings presentation on Slide 5. FIS delivered another strong operating performance in the second quarter. Revenue grew 8% organically to $3.7 billion. EBITDA increased 5% to $1.6 billion and adjusted EPS grew 7% to $1.73 per share. Each of our segments exceeded their revenue expectations with Banking growth of 6%, Merchant of 14% and Capital Markets of 7%. Our decision to continue to invest through the pandemic has put FIS in a leading position as we continue to see strong demand from our clients and prospects. US consumer health and client demand were strong throughout the quarter as evidenced by our financial results. I want to highlight how proud I am of our team, who remain focused on our clients colleagues and communities. They have continued to deliver excellent results in the face of increasing volatile macro conditions. Turning to slide 6. In addition to our strong financial model, our competitive position has never been better. We have the most modern solution suites in the market with world-class scale and differentiated end-to-end solutions. In Banking, we continue to be the leader in cloud native core processing with our modern banking platform. In addition, we are quickly becoming a leader in embedded finance under Stephanie's leadership. We continue to expand our capabilities to enable financial institutions to offer digital banking services to business and commercial clients through a SaaS-based offering that can be quickly deployed as the consumer demands continue to evolve. Our embedded finance solutions are easily scalable and they create new revenue streams for our clients by enhancing their digital footprint. In our Merchant segment, we continue to be a disruptor in the industry. We recently became the first payment processor to eliminate our clients' financial liability for charge backs due to fraudulent purchases. The new guaranteed payments offering allows us to increase our already industry-leading authorization rates with fraud protection through a single integrated solution. We have also continued to see exceptional strength out of our recent Payrix acquisition and we are actively integrating Payrix with our ISV channel to develop an enhanced SMB offering. Stephanie will expand on these in a moment. In Capital Markets, we continue to differentiate with end-to-end solutions using a recurring revenue SaaS model. For example, our clear derivative suite is a high-performing and modernized technology platform that seamlessly integrates our clients' existing infrastructure and spans end-to-end post-trade derivatives processing. We also continue to invest in self-service automation, which is a key feature in our personal pension solution that recently drove a new win with the UK pension service. Despite the cloudy macro environment, this is an exciting time at FIS from a technology and a client services standpoint. Lastly, I'd like to touch on the strength of our balance sheet on slide 7. FIS has historically performed very well during periods of economic stress and the strength of our balance sheet is a key differentiator for us in the marketplace. To that end, we reduced our leverage ratio to 2.9 times during the second quarter. We also successfully refinanced a portion of our debt in early July to increase our financial flexibility and to further decrease interest rate risk. In addition, return of shareholder capital is a priority for us. We paid nearly $300 million in quarterly dividends and we intend to continue to drive to 20% plus annual dividend growth each year. We also resumed share repurchase buying back approximately $300 million in shares during the second quarter, consistent with expectations. Our cash flow conversion is robust, which we will utilize to sustainably invest for growth while simultaneously returning significant capital to our shareholders through dividends and by default share repurchases in the back half of the year and throughout 2023. With that, I'll turn the call over to Stephanie to describe how these strategic accomplishments are translating to our segment's operating performance. Stephanie?
Stephanie Ferris: Thanks, Gary, and welcome, everyone. We've reached a pivotal moment in fintech, where we've seen a fundamental shift in the way our clients and their customers want to consume financial services. First, financial institutions are both modernizing their financial technology facts, and looking for ways to expand their own growth, driving increasing demand for Banking-as-a-Service. Second payments and financial capabilities are being embedded in software and across platforms, driving demand for a financial technology partner to help create a seamless consumer experience. And finally, rapidly evolving customer, digital experiences are pushing our clients to focus on their core businesses and products, creating demand for offerings using a cloud-based as-a-service business model. These trends have created large new areas of growth that cannot be served with traditional fintech models and segments. Our clients are looking for us to deliver these financial services to them by creating new models that utilize our best-in-class assets, combined in creative new ways. At FIS, we are uniquely positioned to capture these opportunities. We spent the past five years developing the best-in-class next-generation banking and capital markets technology. We are one of the only truly global e-commerce platforms. We have a marquee set of global corporate clients, large global banks and asset managers. And we built all of this at scale with global distribution. We're really pleased with our results again this quarter and you will see that many of our wins reflect these trends and opportunities. In Banking, we had a very strong quarter of core wins showing continued strength in our traditional banking channel. We're pleased to share that we signed another two modern banking platform deals this quarter, finding our first large bank outside of the US with ANZ Banking Group, the second largest bank in Australia and New Zealand.  Being selected by a global bank of this caliber, clearly shows that MBP has global reach and scale. Just as impressive as our recent core banking win with Columbia Bank and Umpqua Bank. Umpqua has been a key client of ours for years, but they were recently acquired by Columbia, who historically worked with one of our competitors.  Typically, when a merger like this happens you would expect acquiring banks to consolidate on to their core. Instead, I'm proud to share that Columbia Bank decided to consolidate onto the FIS core because of our expertise in serving large financial institutions.  Similarly, a large Northeast regional financial institution Valley National Bank had made the decision to leave FIS for a competitor. However, their conversion kept getting delayed. And during that time, they acquired another bank who was also running on an FIS core.  After a review of the capabilities that the combined bank needed and their experience with their previous attempts to convert off FIS, the bank made the decision to consolidate the new combined bank onto our most advanced regional banking solution. These two examples point to our differentiation and strength in this larger regional bank market. As we turn to new market growth, FIS is capitalizing on the rising demand for Banking-as-a-Service solutions, as banks seek to create new revenue streams by widening their traditional distribution to end consumers through fintechs and they're looking to leverage our embedded finance ecosystem. As an example, a leading-edge digital bank chose FIS's Banking-as-a-Service solution to support fintechs and offering account opening, money movement and card issuance to their customers. They're an early adopter expanding their reach through the fintech landscape. We've also seen increased demand for Banking-as-a-Service from fintechs that are demanding other use cases such as embedded lending, accounting, money movement and faster payments. And another exciting win for us Block recently selected our national payments network to power their Cash App Card. They were drawn to the flexibility and service that we can offer them and are excited to leverage the power of our combined merchant and issuer ecosystem. Opportunities like this are creating a growing pipeline across verticals for payments, crypto and digital financing so that banks and fintechs can grow with us as they expand their embedded offerings all demonstrating the power of unlocking our assets. In addition to embedded finance, we also see an emerging opportunity to deliver our offerings using our cloud-based as-a-service model and are experiencing this in the wealth and retirement space. Franklin Templeton and T Rowe Price are two examples of strategic as-a-service wins for FIS. In order to win their business, we live with our differentiated technology and we demonstrated our ability to automate and scale our services across their expansive businesses. These landmark wins required an as-a-service approach resulting in a win-win for both our clients and for FIS. This business model enables both our clients and FIS to participate in the benefits of growing the organic base of revenue and margins of our clients. And to-date these clients have grown organically 10% and all have expanded their scope of services with us. Finally, we're seeing significant momentum behind our Digital Banking Solution Digital One where we recently signed several new large regional financial institutions, including CIT and Signature Bank. Given current signings the Digital One Select solution will be supporting over four million customers by the end of 2023. Turning to slide 10. In Capital Markets our end-to-end solution continue to meet our clients' needs. We successfully signed the fourth largest bank in Japan, Sumitomo Trust Bank who will implement our risk analytics manager to protect their operations from future regulatory changes. Our growing relationship with this bank also underscores the importance of our world-class scale and international reach. Turning to Europe. We're expanding our relationship with UBS by adding additional modules from our cleared derivatives suite which will help to enhance their existing operations. This growing relationship highlights the competitive advantage that we've created by using componentized architecture to deploy our new solutions. Each of these important new wins demonstrate how our end-to-end solutions differentiate us from the competition by better meeting client needs with advanced technology. On slide 11, our Merchant results demonstrate that our long-term strategy is working. Our strategic focus in e-commerce for large as well as SMB and platform businesses is driving strong results. Our diversified e-commerce portfolio in terms of size of clients and verticals that we serve, recent new wins, share of wallet gains from existing customers and the addition of the Payrix capability, which opens up our ability to serve SMBs via SaaS platforms, are all contributing to outstanding performance. We continue to open new geographies as well as add differentiated new solution capabilities like our recently launched Guaranteed Payments solution. With this solution FIS was the first payment processor to guarantee e-commerce merchants increased approval rates and eliminate the financial liability of fraudulent purchases. Built on the back of our investment to improve authorization rates for our clients, this new solution now takes that investment to the next level creating an end-to-end solution from merchants to banks. It not only eliminates rules at the merchant level through sophisticated machine learning decisioning, but allows them to increase transactions through our issuer partnerships allowing us to pass broad scores and information on compromised cards from our merchants to our issuers. This solution ultimately helps the merchant drive significantly more revenue by authorizing and improving more transactions. A large global health and beauty retailer will be an early adopter of Guaranteed Payments which they will use to help maximize their revenue. As an early adopter, we've seen their approval rates increase by 600 basis points increasing their annual revenue by approximately $45 million while also eliminating financial fraud liability. Because of the significant value that this brings to our merchants, we're able to increase our revenue in most cases doubling what we're earning over our processing revenue. We have many examples of clients getting value from our ecosystem and full suite of solutions, including one of the world's largest grocers who continue to expand their relationship with us adding more banking capability to their operations and a very large global retailer who is expanding their loyalty portfolio by tapping into FIS' network of merchants for rewards redemption. These two expansion deals combined drove more than $30 million of new contracts in the quarter. All these recent wins demonstrate that our strategy is working. Our expansion into SMB e-commerce with our new platform is also going exceptionally well. Payrix is exceeding our expectations for growth and we're leveraging its embedded Payment-as-a-Service model to expand into SMB e-commerce in two ways. First, it enables us to serve cloud-based platforms like Maxeo , which is a B2B subscription management and financial operations platform that recently selected us to be their Payments-as-a-Service layer. We did have the ability to serve cloud-based SaaS platforms like this before Payrix. Second, it enables us to offer e-commerce capability to our existing ISV clients. For example, Revel is a long-standing ISV of our serving several verticals. We traditionally serve them for card present only and now they're expanding and embedding Payrix technology to enable payments in their online ordering and delivery services, as well as card-not-present options to their end customer. We're in the process of bringing our capabilities for SaaS platforms and traditional ISVs together into an enhanced platform offering. This platform strategy is critical to our future and we're continuing to invest to bring new capability leveraging our full assets. We expect a full rollout during the third quarter and I'm looking forward to sharing more with you on the next call. I'll wrap up with slide 12, which describes how merchants 14% constant currency growth is built up by sub-segment. Global e-commerce continues to be our fastest growing business consistent with our strategy. Its revenue growth accelerated to 28% in the second quarter from 23% in the first quarter on a constant currency basis. Enterprise and SMB are also both continuing to grow very well, generating 9% and 8% revenue growth this quarter respectively. Despite the noise that circulated about Worldpay during the pandemic, our strategy for our merchant business is clearly advantaged in the fastest-growing and most strategically important segments of the market. I want to end my remarks where I started. We spent the past several years investing to bring forward the next generation of fintech solutions. The market is recognizing our shift. I'm pleased to share that for the second year in a row we've been named a Fast Company's 100 Best Workplaces for Innovators list, jumping 14 spots in just a year's time competing with over 1,500 companies from various industries. Our inclusion in this exclusive list is a result of our demonstrated commitment to encouraging innovation at all levels, attracting top talent and bringing bold new ideas to market. It's a rewarding recognition of the investments we've made. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Woody to discuss our financial results. Woody? 
Woody Woodall: Thanks Stephanie and thank you all for joining us today. I will begin with our financial results on slide 14. We are very pleased with our 8% organic revenue performance for the quarter and 9% for the first half of the year, which was driven by strong top line results achieved by all of our operating segments. In addition, we drove below the line leveraged and achieved adjusted EPS of $1.73 per share. Turning to our segments. Banking organic revenue growth was 6% as the team continues to execute on our strategy and ramp recent wins. Banking adjusted EBITDA margins contracted 130 basis points to 44%, primarily due to the high contribution margins associated with last year's term fees and the pandemic related revenue that we had to grow over as well as ongoing wage inflation. Merchant revenue grew 14% in constant currency and 12% on an organic basis, which includes a little over one point of headwind from the Russia-Ukraine conflict. We're particularly pleased with e-commerce growth at 28% in constant currency and 22% on an organic basis. We continue to anticipate e-commerce to grow about 30% in constant currency and more than 20% organically for both Q3 and Q4. Merchant adjusted EBITDA margin contracted 280 basis points to 47%. The Russia-Ukraine conflict had a negative impact to margins of about 50 basis points, and we continue to invest in geo expansion for eCommerce plus Payrix sales channel expansion to capture strong demand. Capital Markets organic growth was 7% primarily due to 10% recurring revenue growth that was driven by strong sales momentum and our transition to SaaS. Capital Markets adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 140 basis points to 48%, as the segment continues to benefit from operating leverage and diligent expense. Overall, I'm very pleased with our strong revenue growth through the first half of the year. We continue to see wage inflation as an ongoing challenge, but have pulled operating levers to help offset this cost. Accordingly, we still anticipate adjusted EBITDA margins of 44% to 45% for the full year. Turning to Slide 15. We generated over $800 million of free cash flow during the second quarter, which is in line with expectations. We remain on track to achieve free cash flow conversion approaching 95% of adjusted net earnings for the full year, as free cash flow conversion expands in the second half consistent with normal seasonality. Debt was down by approximately $675 million, which helped us push leverage below three times and restart our share repurchase program. The assets of M&A, we're focusing on share repurchase and are on track to buy back approximately $3 billion in shares during 2022. We also anticipate utilizing excess free cash flow in 2023, to buy back shares. Turning to Slide 16. We are maintaining our expectation for 7% to 9% organic revenue growth for the full year, and adjusting our EPS outlook to account for recent macro changes and divestitures. Since we initially provided full year guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call, geopolitical and macro environments have changed materially. The Russia-Ukraine conflict created a little over a point of headwind, within our Merchant business that we have covered so far with stronger revenue performance in eCommerce, and we expect to be able to continue to offset this headwind, without affecting guidance. We've also been able to offset rising costs from inflation, and do not anticipate needing to change guidance for this either. With the strength of our financial model, we were able to overcome one or two headwinds in most years. This year the macro environment also changed by another two vectors that our initial guidance cannot absorb, foreign exchange and interest rates. In an effort to provide as much transparency as possible, we have outlined the implications of FX and interest for our full year 2022 guidance. First, the US dollar has appreciated the multi-decade highs compared to the pound sterling and the euro, making foreign currency translation our largest revenue. This FX translation has about a  impact on our full year 2022 EPS, as compared to original expectations. Second, rising interest rates are impacting our net interest expense. This increased interest rates on our variable rate debt, in conjunction with our recent bond issuance accounts for another $0.13 of EPS headwinds. Finally, we sold two businesses with our Corporate and Other segment consistent with our strategy to divest or wind down nonstrategic assets. As these transactions close, we intend to use the proceeds to help fund share repurchase, but using about a $0.03 impact on the year. Combined FX interest and divestitures, are driving our guidance revision as our operating performance remains quite strong. When excluding these macro factors we're effectively raising the high end of our guidance by $0.02 and the low end by $0.04. I'm extremely proud of our colleagues here at FIS, who have worked diligently to continue to drive our business forward through volatile macro conditions.  On Slide 17, we provide our typical guidance update. For the third quarter, we expect organic revenue growth of 5% to 6%, consistent with the range of $3.58 billion to $3.64 billion. This includes organic revenue growth assumptions for banking in the mid-single digits, capital markets in the mid to upper single digits and merchant in the upper single digits. The third quarter faces difficult comps, particularly in banking, as we had a large termination fee in the third quarter of the prior year. We also had expected the term fee in the third quarter of this year that has pushed out to the fourth quarter. We expect adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 45% for an adjusted EBITDA guidance range of about $1.6 billion to $1.63 billion. Lastly, adjusted EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.74 to $1.78 per share. For the full year, we expect organic revenue growth to land in the middle of our original 7% to 9% organic growth range at about 8%. Our full year revenue range is $14.6 billion to $14.7 billion. At the segment level, our organic revenue growth assumptions are unchanged, including Banking of 6% plus, Capital Markets in the mid upper single digits and Merchant in the low double digits. Finally, we expect full year adjusted EBITDA margins of 44% to 45%, resulting in adjusted EPS of $7 to $7.10 per share. Updated assumptions for D&A, net interest expense, tax, share count are included in the Appendix section of this presentation. I would like to conclude on a personal note. I thoroughly enjoyed my time at FIS and I wouldn't trade any of the last 10 years I've been a CFO. We've seen tremendous growth and I'm proud to have played a part in what FIS is today. Gary, thank you for your friendship, partnership and leadership over the past 14 years. I'd like to thank the Board of Directors for their advice and support over these years. I'd also like to thank all of my colleagues here at FIS. They are the ones that have truly made the difference. Finally, I'd like to congratulate Erik Hoag on his promotion to CFO. He has been an invaluable partner and I'm confident that I'm leaving you all in good hands. While I miss my time here, I am looking forward to retirement. With that, operator, will you please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question will come from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please, go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Thank you, guys. Congrats to Erik, and Woody on your retirement as well. Just wanted to start on the third quarter organic revenue growth outlook, the 5% to 6%. A little below what we were anticipating. You walked through the segments there. Just, it seems like you'll need to see reacceleration to maybe around 8% to 9% in Q4 to get to the full year 8% target. So I just wanted to get a sense of your visibility on that reacceleration. I know you mentioned the termination fee and banking moving into the fourth quarter, but if you can just walk us through that to start. I'd appreciate it.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Thanks, Jason. Erik, why don't you take that one?
Erik Hoag: Yes, sure. Hey, Jason, nice to meet you. So a couple of things on the third quarter to fourth quarter shift. So we talked -- and there's a connection here to margin as well. So in the second quarter we talked briefly about -- or Woody in his prepared remarks talked about the termination fee moving that we had a headwind associated with termination fees year-over-year. We've got that same termination fee headwind in the third quarter as well. So as we move to termination fee in 2022 from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, it pulls banking growth down modestly, but it also impacts margin rates. So as we begin to talk about rest of your revenue growth and rest of your margin, the termination fee dynamic is real and that's the predominant change between the third quarter and the fourth quarter in Banking Solutions. Banking Solutions being about half of the company's revenue, obviously, impacted the total growth for the company. Woody anything you want to add on there?
Woody Woodall: The other thing I'd highlight. If you remember Jason, last year December, the UK was shut down from COVID. So, we've got an easier comp in the fourth quarter on the revenue side as we don't anticipate the UK to be shut down like it was last year. So, those are really the two biggies that we've seen. Always have high visibility into the revenue base as we go through there. But obviously, trying to highlight, both in the prepared remarks and through the Q&A that shift, that we're seeing in Q3 to Q4.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Thanks for that. And just on the interest expense. Can you just walk us through the pieces there? I think it's -- everyone knew, it would go higher just given the rate environment. But how much of this increase is from the latest refinancing versus kind of the pre-existing debt stack, if we could just understand the math there. And then did you guys not disclose the merchant volume and transaction growth this quarter? I might have missed it but curious on that. Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. On the interest cost itself, we've got about 40% of the debt is variable in the stack. We anticipate another two raises from the Fed is at least our assumption right now at about another 100 basis points from where we are today, which is about 2.25 at the Fed level. We also saw some increase in the ECP raising rates over the year. And then, the bond issuance that we just did was about $2.5 billion at just under 5%. So, a combination of those factors is what's driving interest up. We think interest for the full year based on those assumptions is about 285 right now from where it was. So, obviously seeing some headwinds there. On the volume side, we saw sequential volume decreases in line with Fiserv Visa MasterCard and Global very similar. Constant currency volume is about 6%, and we saw yields at a plus 5%.
Jason Kupferberg: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question, that will come from the line of Rayna Kumar with UBS. Please go ahead.
Rayna Kumar: Good morning. Congratulations Erik and Woody. Can you provide any color on conversations you've had with core processing customers on any early indications for bank technology spend next year? And any sense that the macro environment will cause this pullback in spending?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, Rayna. This is Stephanie. Happy to answer that. I would say spending continues to be robust in financial institutions. Gary and I spent a bunch of time with all of our financial institutions over the last six months. Coming out of the pandemic they are feeling very strong with respect to their own -- the soundness of their financial institutions themselves. They also benefited a lot from the EVP and P2P, and they also recognize through the pandemic the importance of the digital transformation...
Operator: Please remain on the line. Your conference will resume shortly.
Gary Norcross: Operator, are we still live? Keep going, Stephanie. I think we're still live.
Stephanie Ferris: Okay. Sorry about that. So, what I would say is it's still robust. So there's still a high demand for bank technology, we're seeing...
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, please standby. 
Gary Norcross: Operator, is the line open?
Stephanie Ferris: We're seeing the customers continue to have high demand for banking technology solutions, because they're wanting to drive their own digital transformation. I talked in my prepared remarks about embedded finance Banking-as-a-Service solutions. We continue to win on modern banking platform. So, we're seeing high demand. We're not seeing any slowness in that at all. Gary would you add anything? 
Gary Norcross: No, I think you covered it. I think the banking environment has never been stronger. I mean when we look at the interest rate increases, when we look at everything that all contributes to the bank's balance sheet contributes to their profitability-- 
Operator: Please remain on the line your conference will begin shortly. 
Gary Norcross: And so the result of that is we've seen very strong demand. We came off our biggest single core sales environment that we've seen in Q2. 
Rayna Kumar: Got it. And that's very helpful and we did hear your complete answer. So, I appreciate that. 
Gary Norcross: Thanks Rayna. We're trying to figure that out like you guys. But bottom-line is the banking industry is very strong. As I said we just came off a really strong sales quarter on actual retail core banking sales one of the biggest, ones in the last several quarters two more modern banking wins, but also really strong strength in our regional community bank offerings and large financial institutions. So, feel good about the buying behavior right now.
Rayna Kumar: Perfect. Okay. And Stephanie you touched on this in your opening remarks, but I'm just curious to hear more about the progress with the Payrix integration. Any key milestones that we should look out for? And any metrics you can share on it for the quarter would be helpful. Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. So, Payrix does continue to go phenomenally well for us. As you know with the acquisition of that we now have access card not present for SMBs through that platform business. The good news for us is they were already integrated into our back-end acquiring stack. So, now it's about really us continuing to take massive share in the marketplace. And so what I would say is the best driver is really looking at eCommerce growth. You can see our eCommerce growth is outperforming across the board in terms of volumes and revenue growth. And so that would be the really the key metric as we continue to grow both the traditional eCommerce space which was really global enterprise and now with Payrix being able to access that SaaS platform SMB base, you're going to see us that's our strategy. It is all about eCommerce and accessing both the large and the small. And now with Payrix we're seeing a significant ability to do that. 
Rayna Kumar: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Hey thanks guys. Can we just touch on the embedded assumptions in the second half for the year when we think about constant currency guidance? I know there was quite a bit of changes from FX and divestitures which largely were expected for the guy. But really the implied constant currency trends per segment is what I'm trying to figure out. And maybe you could own it on the Merchant volume side also. Stephanie just a quick follow-up. I'll put it all together now is really just when you mentioned wins with Block can you just explain what the kind of win is -- what actually you're doing for them? And then some of the other newer tech wins if you can just expand on some of those as well just as my follow-up. Thanks guys.
Gary Norcross: Perfect. Darrin we'll let Woody take the FX and talk about that and Erik will chime in and then we'll address your Block question.
Woody Woodall: Yes. On the FX side Darrin, we've got little over 15% of our revenue in pound, sterling and euro. Obviously, those are very high contribution margin businesses for us. So that profitability has some exposure to translation. You've seen the pound and the euro dropped by about 13% year-to-date, obviously, driving an impact both on revenue and EBITDA. That's where we got the $0.13 on the translation from an EPS perspective. If you're looking back to constant currency or organic growth really, we continue to believe banking at 6% plus, capital markets in mid to high single digits and merchant in the low double-digit area for the full year. So we have had no change in that outlook from a revenue growth profile on a constant currency basis. The other component I would tell you is I did highlight in the prepared remarks, we do see pay rates contributing to e-com growth where we're looking at organic growth north of 20%, which is consistent with our previous remarks, but we're looking at constant currency growth of both the third quarter and the fourth quarter at about a 30% level for e-commerce. 
Gary Norcross: Stephanie, you want to take Block?
Stephanie Ferris : Yes. So Block is a super exciting win for us. It continues to show the strength of our issuer and acquiring capabilities coming together. We are powering their Cash App Card, which as you know is a big strategic position for them and we're excited about that. We won that business very competitively. But again, it continues to demonstrate the benefit of our assets across our segments, and also to talk a little bit about what we're seeing in Banking-as-a-Service and embedded finance. I mean, you're seeing a lot of disruptors come out and talk about their ability to really do that. And as we think about our own are we've launched Banking-as-a-Service as well. We have one of our new digital banks, I mentioned who is using our Banking-as-a-Service product really to expand out their market share to fintechs, so they can offer digital account opening, embedded money movement, embedded payment flow. We really see this is where the industry is going as we think about disruption, and we think we have a huge advantage given our assets across our segments to bring those together and drive new meaningful revenue, not just in traditional ways, but also to access new markets like embedded finance, like Banking-as-a-Service. And then as we come into the third quarter, I'm going to be really excited to announce our Worldpay platform, but you're going to see all that start to come together as well there. And so we really think about our traditional business, but opening up new markets, not only for ourselves, but our customers as they want to use our fintech stack in a different way either as a service model or in a way for them to advance their own customers' ambitions. 
Gary Norcross: Yes. And just to add a little bit Darrin on your Block question. As Stephanie referenced in her prepared remarks, we're leveraging our network there, which was a key component of what allowed us to win that cash out to drive individual revenue back into Block. And so it just shows and kind of paints the strength of the overall asset pool.
Darrin Peller: Understood. Is this the network nice, or is this issuer process just to be clear, I'm sorry. 
Gary Norcross: Well, we're doing both, right? So we're doing the issuer side of it, but we're also leveraging our nice debit network in rounding the transactions in a significant way. And that combination is what allowed us to differentiate and win.
Darrin Peller: All right. Really helpful guys. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hey, good morning and congratulations from me as well to both Woody and Erik. I wanted to follow-up, Stephanie, I'm guessing this one for you on the new Guaranteed Payments offering in merchant that does sound new in the marketplace. So can you just elaborate a bit on like, which customers specifically is it most relevant for? And just elaborate a bit more on the sort of from two like how it's different from what you're offering them today? Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. So as you know Lisa, the big competitive value prop in e-commerce is all about driving more authorizations and approvals to our end clients, because card-not-present of rates are much lower than card present. And as you know that drives meaningful revenue to our end customers. And we have been -- all of us have been significantly advancing our capabilities there. We are really excited about Guaranteed Payments. We think it is an industry precedent setting product for us. What we are able to do is use both our merchant acquiring data as well as our issuing data and our issuing relationships along with all the investments we've made in machine learning, artificial intelligence and data broadly and bring together what is we believe best-in-class and no one else has done where we are able to increase authorization rates, guarantee the authorization rate increase and also at the same time we release them from any chargeback liability. So historical increase authorization rates, guarantee the authorization rate increase and also at the same time with release them from any chargeback liability. So historically a lot of merchants haven't been wanted to lean into new potential payment models, or they haven't been able to get the increased authorization rate up as high as we're able to get them. And if they did, they had to take on more potential fraudulent losses. So with this product, they get both increased authorization approval rates with a guaranteed no fraud chargeback loss rate. So it's very, very significant. Who it would be relevant for? Everybody that's in the card-not-present space. So we're in pilot mode today. We've, obviously, launched the project. We've seen 600 basis point improvement with the product immediately out to drive increased authorization rates. And as you can imagine it's so much revenue for the end merchant. We're able to actually charge a completely different fees for this capability, which most times doubles the amount we're charging for processing revenue. We think it's groundbreaking and we're super excited about it.
Lisa Ellis: And so you'll be absorbing the chargeback liability? Is that how it will work? So you're charging significantly more as you just highlighted and then you'll be absorbing any chargeback liability that would normally flow through to the merchant? 
Stephanie Ferris: Well, because of our capability we've driven down the chargeback liability to be very nominal. But yes that would be the view in terms of how we would do that. But we -- net-net it's a really, really strong profitability model for us because of the way we've used all the data.
Lisa Ellis: Got it. Okay, okay. And then maybe my second question is a broader recession business resilience question. Can you just comment on how you think about if in fact we do see a broader macro slowdown more severe than what we're seeing now? How FIS's business will react to that? I know we can all go back and look at the former FIS back during the financial crisis et cetera, maybe comment a little bit on what's different now and how you think about what pieces of your business are more resilient in the downturn versus less so? Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Erik, why don't you take that one?
Erik Hoag: Hey Lisa. So I think it depends on the nature and the depth of the recession. So that said, we've demonstrated during prior economic downturns that at a high level we feel really confident about the business and that we can deliver top and bottom-line growth. We feel good about the business both from an earnings and from a cash flow perspective. So Banking and Capital Markets very resilient businesses long contract terms on average in excess of four years. We've got monthly minimums price escalators, liquidated damages. And then on the consumer side, consumer spending would obviously be impacted in an economic downturn. But the consumer does continue to spend. And while it may be more tilted towards essential spending, we feel like we're positioned very well. Like other companies, most companies right now we are experiencing some wage inflation and employee attrition, but we're dealing with that with existing operating levers that Woody mentioned in his prepared remarks. But broadly speaking, I would say that we expect FIS to continue to grow well during recessionary times. 
Lisa Ellis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning, Gary and congratulations, Erik and Woody.
Gary Norcross: Good morning.
David Togut: Good morning, Gary. For the second half year what have you incorporated into your Merchant Solutions revenue growth from the global air travel related rebound? Heritage Worldpay is very UK centric and there's been a lot of press about London Heathrow Airport limiting capacity as well as British Airways so just very curious for your thoughts there. 
Gary Norcross: You want to take it?
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, I'm happy to take it. So you're right we have some strength in travel and airlines British Airlines and Heathrow is very immaterial in terms of the broad portfolio. So you can certainly see the weakening of the pound impacting us overall on an FX standpoint. But travel and airlines has been obviously a rebounder for us over the last couple of quarters. We aren't seeing any concerns around the issues with the airlines in Heathrow et cetera. It's not material to the portfolio at all. So not expecting anything in the back half to be impacted by. 
Gary Norcross: Yes. I would say David at the end of the day we're kind of returning now to a more normalized environment. Really it's the strength of our balanced portfolio. Travel and airlines growing faster than we thought going in throughout this year. Yes. We've got some other portfolios that are growing slower than we thought. But the balance of the portfolio is really strong. And that really kind of gets back to Lisa's question around recession. It's really around where consumer spend goes. But we do believe that travel and airline is going to continue to be a strong piece of the book in the back half of the year and modeled that. We think there are some other industries that will continue to be under some stress. But we're confident with the strength of the overall portfolio. We're very pleased where the growth is. I mean constant currency on the quarter and very pleased where we're seeing it shape up for the full year. 
David Togut: Thank you. Just as my follow-up I'm curious for your thoughts Gary about the bill proposed by Senator Dick Durbin and Richard Grassley to try to create more competition in the routing of credit card processing fees in the US for Visa and MasterCard. And in particular I'm wondering whether you could repurpose the NICE network combined with your Merchant acquiring capability to perhaps take over that routing function to the extent the merchant wants to route it away from Visa and MasterCard? 
Gary Norcross: Look it's a great question. I mean we continue to monitor all the changes going on in Washington like everybody does. I mean there's a lot of different bills that get put forward that could impact us in very different ways. Regulatory change is always a really big positive for us. I've said that in the past we typically always find ways to grow our revenue through that because our customers need assistance in implementing the regulation. So assuming there's a change there on credit routing then obviously, we'll look at ways to help our customers with that help maximize their revenue and thus therefore us grow our revenue through that process. But we'll continue to watch it as it evolves and then we'll bring forward more information as we know what the outcomes of some of these discussions might be. 
David Togut: Understood. Thanks so much.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And that will come from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Yes. Hey, guys. Thanks and congrats to Woody and Erik. I was great working with you guys. And I guess first of all just â when we look at margins I think the first three quarters now the way you're kind of setting this up is margins to be kind of flat to down a little bit. Q4 though looks like the implication is up 200 to 250 bps. And I know you talked through a little bit of the banking term fee. How big is that to margins or dollars or whatever? How big is that? And maybe what's the difference in underlying margin expansion in Q4 relative to the first three quarters as well? 
Erik Hoag: Gary I'll take this one. David good to hear from you. So a couple of things on fourth quarter margins. From the third quarter to the fourth quarter we expect margins to build and build rather materially as you just mentioned. A couple of reasons for that. First the first quarter is always the high watermark for margins. This is the period where we sell the lion's share of revenue â I'm sorry the license revenue during the course of the year, the termination fee has pushed from the third quarter to the fourth quarter which is also driving growth. And then on the cost side, as we mentioned earlier on, we are pulling operating levers to ensure that some of the headwinds that we're experiencing with Russia and labor inflation are offset as well. So those are the predominant drivers for margin expansion in the back half of the year, it's one-time highly accretive and profitable revenue with license. It's outsized termination fees offset with cost actions.
Dave Koning: Got you. Got you. Thanks. And maybe just as a follow-up question just interest expense it looks like the Q4 implication is $115 million or so. Is that the right way to think about 2023 just to assume $150 million in a quarter, or should we think about it â I think you have a couple of billion coming due that's low rate debt maybe a little higher than that as we look into next year? 
Woody Woodall: You got a couple of things there. You got one we've refinanced the debt. So we â the $2.5 billion of debt that we issued will cover both the fourth quarter maturity and March 2023 maturity out there. And secondly, we have a maturity in June or July of 2023 we got to look at. The real question Dave is how much incremental debt that we take on to buy back shares next year. Our assumption has been to maintain leverage at 2.9. If we do that we take on some debt to buy back shares. So we're looking at the interest rate impact of that as well. So I would not look at it as just 115 is your jump-off point looking forward. You got to think about that combined with the higher incremental shares we're talking about buying back in 2023 as well.
Dave Koning: Yeah. And then think about the accretion from the buybacks on top.
Erik Hoag: That's right. That's exactly right.
Dave Koning: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: One moment for our next question. That will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you, Hi Gary, Stephanie, Woody and Erik.
Erik Hoag: Hi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hi Woody and Erik congratulations.
Erik Hoag: Thank you, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: I guess my first question is with regards to cross-selling. And it's something that you guys have always done, within a business unit obviously it's way of life, but cross-selling across business units as sort of FIS becomes the company kind of was intended to be after that -- after the mega merger. Could you talk about that? What kind of traction you're seeing is kind of looking at these top three global grocer adding banking capabilities in addition to Merchant? It seemed like it was interesting? Is that anecdotal, or is it more broad-based?
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah. Ashwin, great question, you played right into my hand. Thank you. So we are hugely successful in terms of driving revenue synergies on the Worldpay transaction. And as I came back into the company was even more excited to look across the segments and see the demand and here the demand from customers. So we've actually coined an initiative that you're going to hear us start to talk about called amplify where we do believe there's a huge amount of revenue and value to unlock by selling assets from existing segments into other segments. We've always done it for the last couple of years. Transparently we've been really trying to come out of the pandemic. There is a very large focus from me coming out of the President's Chair in terms of a look at how big that could be. You're seeing the large grocer do it. You're seeing the large retailer do it. Our assets resonate outside of their existing segments. Our banking assets specifically resonate very, very well whether it's Banking-as-a-Service embedded finance, how people want to deliver financial services to their end consumers depending on if they're a grocer, or insurance company, or a retailer as you know it's all changing. They want to offer capabilities at the point that the consumer is buying the merchandise or taking the service. We have the abilities and the capabilities to be able to do that. You can see us in terms of Banking-as-a-Service. And we need to provide it in a different model needs to be with a different consumer engine and a pricing capability and that's what you're seeing us start to launch. So we couldn't be more excited about the opportunity really to sell the banking product and technology across the Merchant segment as well as some lending and treasury capabilities that we have in capital markets across as well. So you're going to hear us continue to really focus in this area. We think it's, a big revenue and margin unlock for us as we think about the next couple of years.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Got it. Thank you for that. And then, the other question was as you sort of look strategically given private company valuations are potentially finally just kind of coming back down to earth a bit. Is there an opportunity to be more aggressive there follow on with what you did with Payrix? And I ask that in the context of increased capital return versus M&A, but I think you can do both if you can kind of comment on that.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Look, I'll start with that, Ashwin, the team wants to add on at all. I mean, we have consistently had mergers and acquisitions as a part of our overall strategy. We continue to evaluate things that make sense. To your point in time, valuations continue to come down and continue to get more and more interesting. But at this point in time, given the dislocation in our share price, we still think fundamentally returning our capital to our shareholders through our purchase of our own stock is the best use of cash at this moment. I mean, that's always been our default, as we continue to see where the market evolves. If we do see something that we think can accelerate our growth, accelerate our profitability, accelerate our shareholder return, then obviously we'll look at that. But at this point, I think, the teamâs very focused on driving the business. I mean, we've got record sales growth for the company -- from a revenue standpoint, our revenues growing very, very strongly, coming out of the pandemic. We've got good line of sight into that revenue growth and profitability, the amount of free cash flow that's generating approaching 95%. All of those things would suggest at this point in time, we'll continue to default or share repurchase. But your point is a salient one. I mean, as valuations continue to trend down, we'll continue to keep our aperture open and see if there's something that might make more sense. But at this point in time, we're pretty comfortable with our approach in returning cash to shareholders.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Thank you, Gary.
Operator: Thank you. And today's final question will come from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Ramsey El-Assal: Thank you for squeezing me in here. I had a modeling question on interest expense in 2023. Is the right way for us to look at that to annualize the sort of implied fourth quarter 2022 number? Obviously, not factoring any kind of debt refinancing or anything you need to do next year. But should we just annualize that fourth quarter number to kind of come up with the full year 2023 number, or is there any other sort of puts and takes there that I should consider?
Woody Woodall: Yes. We were talking about it a little earlier to answer Dave's question, I think, one you can annualize the exit run rate as your first leg of the bridge. And then, the question is, if we maintain 2.9 times leverage through the course of 2023 we would actually take on some debt to buy back shares. Therefore, you would see actually incremental debt coming on and coming up over the course of 2023 as well. As we continue to look at interest rate increases and what the Fedâs doing there, we may look at not sticking right at that 2.9 times, but managing share repurchase with excess free cash flow versus taking on debt at the full levels. But right now, we still think that's still the right answer from terms of overall capital allocation and use of capital, Ramsey.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it. Thanks. And I apologize if I missed that before. I had a question also about the new modern banking platform wins and you called out one that was non-US. Could you talk about the opportunity in the pipeline outside the US in terms of the modern banking platform? How should we sort of frame that up looking forward?
Gary Norcross: Why don't I start on that one, Ramsey, and Stephanie can add on. I mean, when you think about it, there's a huge opportunity for us globally with the modern banking platform. I'll continue to say, we're in the very early stages of cloud-native transformation in retail core banking. And so, we continually govern that sales cycle in order to make sure that we can deliver and meet the demand that we have. So we want to be very conscious about that. ANZ is a great win for us. We've got a great position in Australia, New Zealand market. We've got a lot of headcount in that market, very comfortable in dealing with it. So -- but I will say, over the next 10 years, you're going to see the entire core banking enterprise move to cloud-based technologies. And so, just getting started with the transformation, but it's going to be a global one. And certainly, there's a huge opportunity for us outside the US as well as within the US as we continue to sell new customers in the US markets. And as we've talked about in the past, where we will eventually want to start moving our back book, our older technologies to this platform as well for our existing customers, so pretty excited and continue to be very excited about the future of the modern banking platform.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it. Thanks so much. And Woody, best of luck on your next chapter. It's great working with you.
Woody Woodall: Thank you, Ramsey. I appreciate that.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Gary Norcross for any closing remarks.
Gary Norcross: Thank you, again, for joining us this morning and thank you to our dedicated colleagues for delivering another strong quarter. If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 12:16:05) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the FIS First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded.   I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. Nathan Rozof, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Nathan Rozof: Thanks, Siri. Good morning and thank you for joining us for the FIS first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. The call is being webcasted. Today’s news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. Gary Norcross, our Chairman and CEO will provide a business and strategy update, Stephanie Ferris, our President will discuss our operating performance, Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial Officer will then review our financial results and provide forward guidance. And finally, Erik Hoag, our Deputy CFO will also be joining the call for the Q&A portion. Turning to Slide 3, today’s remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share, and free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information the GAAP financial information are presented in our earnings release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Gary. Gary?
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Nate. And thank you for joining us today. Starting on Slide 5, we had a strong start to the year significantly exceeding our revenue expectations and achieving the high end of our EPS guidance. Revenue increased 9% organically to $3.5 billion and adjusted EPS increased 13% to $1.47 per share.  All of our segments beat our organic growth expectations in the quarter. Banking grew 7%, exceeding our 6% expectation, merchant grew 15% versus our low-double digit expectation and capital markets grew 6% with 8% growth and reoccurring revenue.  New sales increased our backlog 8% organically to $22.5 billion. This consistent strengthened backlog aligns with our midterm outlook for 7% and 9% organic growth, and our sales pipelines remain strong. I'd like to thank the team for their sharp focus on serving our clients and for their continued execution.  Turning to Slide 6, the pace of change in our industry is very exciting. We've invested ahead of this change and throughout the pandemic to position FIS for success. We moved our technology infrastructure and application architecture to the cloud. And we continue to bring new or significantly upgraded solution suites to market.  In banking our multiyear investment strategy has positioned us with the best-in-class capabilities across core and digital banking, issuer processing and wealth management. We further expanded the modern banking platform geographic reach this quarter by enabling public cloud deployments with Microsoft Azure. This will expand our reach into key markets like the UK, Thailand and New Zealand.  Our team has also successfully launched our new Banking-as-a-Service hub. This platform offers an all in one finance experience for our clients, and enables them to rapidly create and deploy new embedded finance offerings for their customers. We’ve recently formed a partnership with Circle to enable our merchants to receive settlement in USD coin, and crypto.com will be our first pilot customer.  In addition to our ability to quickly deploy advanced technologies, international reach is also a true differentiator for us. Our merchant business added seven new countries in 2021, and plans to add 15 more by the end of 2023. In keeping with the crypto theme, capital markets recently announced a new partnership with Fireblocks to enable our clients to store and issue digital assets, as well as to gain access to decentralized finance.  Across multiple verticals, industries and client types, we continue to develop mission critical systems at global scale that empower our clients to innovate and grow. The power of FIS doesn't stop with our ability to deliver unique solutions. The true value unlock is leapfrogging from leading solutions for individual client types to offering expansive embedded finance experiences that can bring all of our capabilities to bear for every client.  We have technology platform initiatives underway to simplify the consumption of our cloud native capabilities, either as an end-to-end solutions, or as individual components. More and more clients are asking for access to solutions from all three of our operating segments to enable robust transformations across their enterprise. These initiatives will speed access for them and open up rich new revenue streams for us.  We are also evolving our go-to-market strategy by aligning our sales organizations to directly target these new opportunities. Despite market fears about disruption, at FIS, we think we are the disrupter. And we will help our clients win now and into the future.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Stephanie describe how this vision is translating to our operating segments and to review their first quarter performance.
Stephanie Ferris : Thanks, Gary. And good morning, everyone. This was an exciting quarter with momentum building for our new solutions as Gary discussed.  Starting with banking, on Slide 8, we continue to see elevated organic growth posting our sixth consecutive 5% plus revenue growth quarter, which is well above the historical trend. Clearly our multiyear investment strategy is paying dividends.  To bring our vision to life. I'd like to highlight a few strategic new wins, which are a direct result of our technology investments. Payments One is the most advanced scaled issuer processing platform in the market. We've migrated approximately 1,500 of our existing clients to this platform, and we continue to leverage its unique end-to-end capabilities to win new clients.  In the quarter a top-20 U.S. financial institution selected payments one for debit processing and card production. We remain differentiated with our issuer processing capabilities and believe we have significant TAM to capture with this innovative platform.  In addition, we're making significant investments in our wealth management platform, gaining a second landmark win with Mutual of America following our T Rowe price win last year.  And then a third example our premium payback loyalty network is a truly unique solution that combines our strengths and issuing and acquiring to enable consumers to pay with points in store at the point of sale.  This quarter, AT&T decided to join our loyalty network, and consumers will be able to use points from participating issuers to pay in AT&T stores. As retailers and issuers continue to join, we expect a powerful network effect.  Capital markets grew revenue 6% organically as shown on Slide 9. Our team continues to transition the business to SaaS based revenue models, which drove recurring revenue up 8% in the quarter. Transitioning to SaaS not only increases the predictability and resiliency of growth, but also allows for incremental cross-sell opportunities as clients look to transition to the cloud.  We've made significant investments in our transfer agency solution to create an as-a-service offering that drives efficiency and automation.  Similar to banking. We had a second landmark win this quarter with a leading financial institution with more than $1 trillion in AUM, continuing the momentum from our Franklin Templeton win last year. This win builds on a longstanding core processing relationship and we were thrilled to enhance our value proposition by bringing them even more breadth of capabilities.  We also saw strength with privately held investment firms. Our investment operations suite drove capital markets’ largest ever private markets deal with a premier high net worth multifamily office that will leverage our technology suite to transform their operations.  Finally, we expanded our relationship with Robinhood in the quarter to empower their new stock loan income program. This expanded relationship helps cement our long-term vendor of choice partnership with Robinhood, where we continue to expand our value proposition across traditional and digital assets for this client. Overall, our end to end SaaS solutions are differentiated in the market and will continue to drive strong growth for capital markets.  On Slide 10, our merchant segment generated 15% organic growth this quarter. And our Payrix acquisition is already paying off by signing several SaaS based platforms in the quarter. Payrix more than doubled their client count is compared to last year and we highlight a few recent wins, with platforms spanning the education, commercial and marketplace verticals on the slide.  We also continued our success as a leading acquirer for crypto. Currency.com signed with us this quarter after witnessing our capabilities and client service for another crypto exchange. They were further attracted to our expansive global reach, which will help them expand their own business.  Lastly, The Nielsen Report recently published their 2021 U.S. merchant acquirer ranking, which highlighted the strength of our e-commerce and software-led strategy. Our share of total U.S. volume increased by approximately 200 basis points to 20% in 2021 from 18% the year before. I couldn't be prouder of our team, the pandemic put them to the test and they continue to put our clients first and execute at the highest levels.  I'll wrap up by sharing the performance of our sub-segments on Slide 11. Global e-commerce continues to be our fastest growing business with 23% growth on a constant currency basis. As anticipated, travel rebounded strongly in the quarter exceeding 2019 levels. Our large enterprise business grew 14% organically and continues to be a differentiated source of scale. Lastly, software led SMB grew 13% organically with restaurant and retail both growing double digits.  With that, I'll now turn the call over to Woody to discuss our financial results. Woody?
James Woodall : Thanks, Stephanie. Thank you all for joining us today. I will begin with our financial results on Slide 13. And I'll touch on our balance sheet and cash flow before taking you through our guidance.  We're very pleased with our 9% organic revenue performance and the strong results achieved across all of our operating segments. We maintain consistent margins year-over-year, as we were able to successfully offset wage inflation and difficult comparisons including last year's stimulus related revenue. This translated to 13% adjusted EPS growth, which is consistent with the high-end of our full year guidance range.  Turning to our segments, banking revenue grew 7% on an organic basis, primarily due to continued client demand. Adjusted EBITDA margins contracted 90 basis points to 42%. The banking segment is where we experienced the majority of our margin headwind as it directly benefited from the Paycheck Protection Program or PPP revenue in the prior year and was impacted by higher labor costs.  Merchant revenue grew 15% on an organic basis, reflecting strong results across all three sub segments. As Stephanie mentioned. Merchant adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 30 basis points to 47% primarily due to high contribution margins on new revenue growth. Capital markets revenue grew 6% on an organic basis primarily due to continued strong new sales and the transition to SaaS driving higher recurring revenue. Capital markets’ adjusted EBIT margin expanded 60 basis points, to 47%, primarily due to its continued operating leverage.  Turning to Slide 14, we generated $786 million of free cash flow during the first quarter. Free cash flow increased by 41% year-over-year. We have invested heavily in innovation over the past five years bending over $5 billion in CapEx over that time. We believe that this investment has peaked as a percentage of revenue, and expected to come down gradually over the next several years to approximately 6% to 7% of revenue. As a result, we expect free cash flow conversion to expand in subsequent quarters, and we remain on track to expand our free cash flow conversion toward 95% of adjusted net earnings for the full year.  We increased our quarterly dividend by 21% to $0.47 per share, and we returned a total of $287 million in dividends to shareholders this quarter. As a reminder, we plan to increase our dividend by approximately 20% per year in order to gradually grow our dividend payout ratio over the next several years to approximately 35% of adjusted net income.  In addition, we reduced debt by $1.2 billion, including repayment and foreign exchange benefit ending the first quarter at three times leverage, which was a full 90 days ahead of schedule. We expect to maintain our leverage below three times and we'll resume share repurchase in the second quarter. At current valuation levels, we believe share repurchases the best use of excess free cash flow. We expect to buyback approximately $3 billion in shares during 2022. We also anticipate utilizing excess free cash flow in 2023 to buy back shares. At current course and speed, this will be approximately $6 billion in share repurchases during 2023. Combined, this represents approximately 15% of our current market cap. Turning to Slide 15 to review our guidance. There is no change to our full year outlook. We achieved a strong start to the year and remain on track to deliver 7% to 9% organic revenue growth 50 to 100 basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin expansion, and 11% to 13% adjusted EPS growth for a range of $7.25 to $7.37 per share. The primary risks and opportunities to our forward guidance include the impact of foreign exchange rates, geopolitical risk and the pace of pandemic recovery. Combined with the upside we delivered in the first quarter, we believe that this supports maintaining our outlook for the full year.  For the second quarter, we expect organic revenue growth of 6% to 7%, consistent with revenue of $3.65 billion to $3.685 billion. We expect adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 44% resulting in adjusted EPS of $1.72 to $1.75 per share.  Given the unusual puts and takes that are affecting organic growth rates from banking and merchant, I would like to provide you with some more color on our segment assumptions for the second quarter. In banking we currently expect organic revenue growth to be in the mid-single digit range for the second quarter. This is primarily due difficult compares created by the termination fees and pandemic related revenue that we generated last year. We anticipate a similar growth profile of mid-single digits for our capital markets segment in the second quarter.  For merchant, we currently expect organic revenue growth approximately 9% to 10% in the second quarter. This equates to strong sequential growth of approximately 15% for merchant. In addition, we expect adjusted EBITDA margins to step up each quarter throughout the year. Lastly, we include assumptions for FX, corporate and other and several below the line items within the Appendix section of our presentation.  In conclusion, I would like to thank our colleagues for their continued efforts and perseverance to the pandemic. You continue to executed at a high level and generate strong financial results.  Operator, would you please open the line for questions?
Q - George Mihalos: Great, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the on the results. I think you're -- just to kick things off. On the merchant side, the yield was strong. It was somewhat stronger than what we expected. Any reason why that should not continue throughout the course of the year or some of these verticals like travel come back.  And then Stephanie, you talked about crypto and obviously your strong exposure there? How is that performing? And how are you thinking about that over the remainder of the year?
James Woodall : Stephanie, I'll take the yield question, and you can work on the crypto.
Stephanie Ferris : Yep.
James Woodall : George, we do anticipate yields to be a positive benefit to revenue over the course of the year. As we highlighted, really over the past 18 to 24 months, as certain verticals came off, the yields came off heavily. We saw yield benefit as those verticals are coming back online. Travel and airlines is a perfect example that we've been highlighting. Again, we do anticipate travel and airline to be a tailwind over the course of the year. And we anticipate yield benefit throughout 2022.
Stephanie Ferris : Yeah. And then in terms of crypto, George, as you know, we've been talking about this for a while. We processed for the top four out of five largest crypto exchanges. They come to us because of the level of authorization and fraud rates that we can provide for them in terms of being benefits, but also because we're a large scale provider for them. And so you're continuing to see us take share in the crypto vertical. We really like the crypto vertical. You saw us sign a partnership this quarter with Circle, which is going to -- we will be the first provider of USDC crypto capabilities.  So this is a really exciting vertical for us in our global e-commerce business. It continues to demonstrate the strength and differentiation of our e-commerce business. And we continue to be really excited about it.
George Mihalos: Appreciate the color. And just as a quick follow-up. Obviously, there's a lot of attention on e-com nowadays with some of your peers reporting on what might be happening with the grow-over in that market. How Stephanie, are you thinking about the opportunity for e-com, both for 2022 and longer term? Do you feel any differently about the growth trajectory within that sub vertical?
Stephanie Ferris : No. I think we -- this is obviously a very differentiated asset for us across the company. And given the size of the TAM and the growth of the TAM in e-commerce, this has been a strategic imperative for us and will continue to be.  We think about this business in terms of continuing to expand geographically as well as adding APM. As you know, we are one of the two largest providers in this space, and it's growing significantly. We continue to take significant share. We really like what's going on in the global e-commerce space. We bought the Payrix asset so we could start to access SMB because we really have been up in the global space only, global launch of multinational. And so this is a place you're going to continue to see us double and triple down in terms of investment and focus. So we continue to be really excited about it.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. The only thing I would add to that, George, I mean we did expand geographically by seven countries. We've got another 11 countries on target through 2023. If that continue, it will also accelerate the growth. So we feel very good about the guide we've given an overall merchant, and the e-com is going to be -- continue to be the fastest-growing segment within it.
George Mihalos: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Next question will come from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller : Hey, guys. Thanks and nice job. I want to touch on the banking segment just because, again, I see it as still the largest category of your business. When we look at the sustainability to growth, obviously, it's been strong. It came in a little better than our estimate this quarter. If you could remind us on the confidence level and why the conviction is there for that elevated growth rate, and maybe it's the pipeline you're seeing or the backlog to sustain itself for the next couple of years. Gary, I know we've touched on this, but more color on that now would be great.  And then if you could also remind us on breaking down that. It's not just core banking or even bank. There's also issuer processing in there. The other pieces would be helpful to understand also.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Look, Darrin, we appreciate -- first, we appreciate the non-merchant question. That's great. Obviously, we couldn't be more bullish on the banking business and how it's performed over the years. If you look, you've seen consistently strong execution in the sales pipeline. You've consistently seen strong building of the pipeline as well to replace the signings throughout the quarter, and we've seen strength over that, over the last four-plus years.  The backlog grew about 8% this year, which should give everybody confidence of the future opportunity in banking and capital markets, because predominantly those are the two businesses that contributed to that backlog number.  We are seeing strength across all of our categories. Our issuer business has just done a really, really great job. Our leader there, who's running our issuer business, have done a phenomenal job. You continue to see it take share. Stephanie highlighted a really significant win on the issuer side, all around our Payments One category, which we launched payments on almost three years ago. It's the most advanced issuer platform in market. If you look also what's contributing to that growth, you're seeing a lot of acceleration in our Digital One offering, which is really the third generation of digital experience. It's a true omnichannel deployment that we're now rolling full in market. We've seen a lot of growth in that over the last 18 months. Of course, this all started with our Code Connect offering, which is the most open micro services, API layer in industry.  And then you culminate that with what we're seeing in modern banking platform. We've seen some really strong wins in NBP. We have now a number of those customers live in production and more coming in, and the pipeline is very full on that. And as we highlighted, we've now enabled that on Microsoft Azure, which allows us to push out of the U.S. more effectively.  So all of that should give everybody confidence that banking has truly been structurally transformed since it stays at growing in low-single digits, and it will continue to perform very strong given the backlog signings and the future pipeline. So we feel great about the business.
Darrin Peller : All right. Thanks, Gary. It's great to see the transition. Just a very quick follow-up, Woody, on margins. I mean we had thought you guys would be looking at more like a 43% margin for Q2. It looks a little better. Maybe just if we could touch on the components of the confidence on margins from here through the rest of the year. And thanks again, guys. 
James Woodall : Yeah, thanks. It's a good question. We do anticipate it will be about 44% in the second quarter. I think you are seeing some difficult comps in banking as we highlighted, between term fees as well as some of the stimulus related revenue from the prior year. That said, we are seeing good yields across merchant in the first quarter. And we anticipate that to continue to go forward and feel good about ramping margin over the entire course of the year as we lap those difficult comps in the first half of the year in banking primarily.
Darrin Peller : Got it. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Rayna Kumar with UBS. Please go ahead.
Rayna Kumar : Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just starting with the bank technology business. Are you seeing any change in the competitive environment there, having any international players trying to enter the U.S.? And secondly, could you just help us understand the pricing trends for some of your largest FI clients over the next six to 12 months?
Gary Norcross : Yeah, Rayna, it's a great question. I'll start, and Stephanie can add to it if she would like. Look, Banking has always been a highly competitive marketplace for us. We've had a number of non-U.S. companies trying to break into the U.S. for years. Frankly, the sophistication about the regulatory requirements have always been a deep moat to entry. But also, Rayna, we absolutely participate really in the upmarket. So the larger the financial institution, the better.  And then you just get differentiated, highly differentiated by scale. Our ability to square off against some of the largest banks in the country, right, with the complexity of solutions, it's more than just core banking. You have to bring robust issuer processing. You have to bring openness. You have to bring a robust professional services grouping. So we feel very good about our competitive position. Are we seeing it more competitive than we have in the past? The answer is no. It's always been competitive. And we've always done very well against that competition. When you think about pricing, all of our contracts are long-term in nature. Most of them have consumer price index adjusters in them. So as you start seeing CPI increase in inflation, you'll see that translate through our pricing models around per account, per transaction. So we do get coverage there as well. But we're not seeing an increased price competitive front. It's always been -- as I said, it's always been competitive, and we're not seeing any more increase in competition we normally do. We will say, the demand continues to go up. I've talked a lot about this on multiple calls. We're really at an inflection point where a lot of financial institutions have really held on too long with their legacy technology. And so, people are now pressed up against a timeline where they're going to have to start making some decisions. They're going to have to embrace cloud computing. They're going to have to embrace omnichannel. They're going to have to embrace openness. And that really plays in to the significant investment we've made over the last 5 years that Woody highlighted in his prepared remarks.  So all of that compounds, we really feel good about our position in the banking business.
Stephanie Ferris : Yeah. I think I might add, we just had our client conference a couple of weeks ago. And the two points that I think are really relevant here. One is the financial institutions, at least within the United States, are very strong coming out of the pandemic. I also think, to Gary's point, the pandemic has driven home from them the need to be digital and omnichannel because folks are struggling to come back into the banking centers.  And so that is really contributing to Gary's point around demand. Demand is very high in terms of needing to be omnichannel, digital and driving the next gen technology. That's absolutely being recognized out there given the post-pandemic situation.
Rayna Kumar : That's very helpful. And then just a quick one on merchants. Given the recent reduction by Visa on the U.S. interchange for SMEs, do you expect a benefit to your Merchant margin going forward?
Stephanie Ferris : Yeah. I mean we always get a slight benefit there. We don't think it's going to be material, but there is a benefit. Whenever there's pricing changes, obviously, we look and make sure we pass those along and then take an opportunity if we can, but we don't believe it to be material.
Rayna Kumar : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg : Good morning, guys. Thanks. I just wanted to start on U.S. merchant volumes. I think they were up 10% year-over-year and down 10% quarter-over-quarter, if I'm not mistaken. So somewhat below the industry, I suppose. I'm just wondering if crypto is perhaps a callout there? Or is it just kind of a function of your debit mix has always been pretty high, and I know industry comps were just tougher on debit relative to credit, would just love some perspective there.
James Woodall: Yeah, I'll start, and then Stephanie can add on. Our volumes grew 10%, which, at the end of the day, really reflects the underlying mix in our business. We are under-indexed in SMB. We've got a heavy enterprise-based business. If you look at that compared to the fourth quarter, you have holiday spending in those big box. You have holiday spending in grocery, which we saw in the fourth quarter, that coming down a little bit. Obviously, we saw travel as a benefit in the first quarter. So there are puts and takes in there. At the end of the day, we always get the question around, are you losing share? We tried to highlight it very specifically. The Nilson Report showed that we gained two points of market share by volume for full year 2021, which is probably the best objective evidence or piece of evidence we can have that we're not losing share here. This is just seasonal movements, where we see the first quarter always a little lower than the fourth quarter. And at the end of the day, it's resulting in positive yields as well, where we saw double-digit growth in every segment and 5 points of yield during the first quarter.
Gary Norcross: I mean, look, Jason, if you play in the enterprise space, you're going to have -- your biggest quarter is going to be Q4 because of holiday season. So I mean, you're just naturally going to see a drop in transactions and volumes going into Q1. To Woody's point, this is nothing more than normal mix that you would see in any Q4 to Q1.
Stephanie Ferris : Yeah. I mean I think as the veteran merchant in the space, seasonality from Q4 to Q1, that's what this is.
Gary Norcross : That's right.
Stephanie Ferris : So if you thought about 17% in the fourth quarter, it's really 11% constant currency. We -- there's a natural decel from retail and grocery, which is about 6 percentage points. That's very natural for this portfolio. It has nothing to do with share loss. And then we benefited a point from travel and then there's this and that.  So this is a seasonal thing. I know we like to talk about disruption a lot. There's seasonality in our portfolio. If you go back before 2019, you'll clearly see it. And to Woody's point, from a Nielsen’s standpoint, we're not losing share. We picked up share, but we know this is a favorite topic of everybody. So hopefully, that helps knit that number now.
Jason Kupferberg : Yeah. No, that helps a lot. I know you've got the snapback in Q2. I think you said about 15% quarter-over-quarter growth in merchant.
Gary Norcross: That's right.
Jason Kupferberg : So thanks for that. And just on the revenue growth outlook for the year, I know you're absorbing another, I think, $65 million of FX headwind, but obviously did not change the absolute dollar range for the year. And I'm just wondering if you're also absorbing any headwind from Russia in that number? And are you just kind of flowing through the outperformance from Q1? Or it's nice to see that there seems to be some offsets to the headwind. Or would you point us to the lower part of the range just because of some of these incremental headwinds? Thanks. 
James Woodall : Yeah. I tried to highlight in the prepared remarks, we are seeing some potential headwinds from FX. We highlighted at a previous conference that Russia, Ukraine and the impacts of that on the Merchant business, we think we’re about a point of headwind in the merchant business. That said, the over performance in Q1, we're very pleased with the start to the year. And you adding all those together, we have not changed the full year outlook on any front there.
Jason Kupferberg : Okay. Terrific. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from David Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Koning: Yeah, hey, guys. Thanks. Nice job. And I guess my -- yeah, sure. And first question, just when we think about the merchant mix of enterprise, SMB, e-comm into the back half, I guess, a couple of things, do you still expect kind of low-double digit growth for merchant overall in the back half? And then is the mix going to be pretty similar, like low -- as what it was this quarter that e-com is going to be a little better growth and the other two are going to be pretty similar?
James Woodall : Yeah. I think e-comm will continue to be our highest grower over the course of the year. No doubt about that, Dave. You've got some comparables as we go through the remainder of the year as we tried to highlight, and I think some of the earlier questions highlighted that. We're talking about 9% to 10% growth in the second quarter and still looking at double-digit growth for the merchant business for the full year.  So no real change there. There may be some movements, as you see, again, quarter-to-quarter as these comps kind of settle out and we get into a new norm as we go forward here. But e-com will continue to be our highest growth sub-segment.
David Koning: Yeah. Okay. And then just one kind of nerdy financial question. It looks like in guidance, the back half D&A is lower than the first half. Is that right? And does that mean growth into 2023 is not going to be that big? That's a pretty big kind of driver for EPS next year if we could keep that low.
James Woodall : Yeah. A couple of things there. We're seeing CapEx come down over the course of the year that we highlighted. We anticipate seeing CapEx rolling into '23 and beyond in kind of the 6% to 7% area. So that, combined with really -- you saw some impairment last year of some assets that obviously will benefit D&A going forward into the '23 zone and going forward. So that's the primary change there, Dave.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. I think if you look at the first quarter number, we're expecting modest growth sequentially from here, consistent with Woody's comments.
David Koning: Yeah, all right. Thanks, guys. Nice job. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis : Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was going to ask one or two on the banking solutions segment as well. Following up on Darrin's earlier questions, can you talk kind of stepping back post-pandemic, one, the demand environment, who are you winning against in that market? Are you primarily still winning against in-house displacements of legacy systems?  And then my second question related to that is that, that business has historically been a U.S. business, but with the migration to the cloud and maybe some broader regulatory changes around the world, is there an opportunity over time for that business to expand internationally? Thank you.
Gary Norcross : Yeah, Lisa. Let me start. The competitors differ depending on size of institution. So as you're dealing with large regionals or large national financial institutions, we're competing much more with in-house developed typically with a very old legacy core system at the center of their in-house development exercise. And that's the predominant competition we would see. You would see people going through an analysis. Do we try to build it again like we did 40 or 50 years ago? Or do we partner with a company like FIS?  You'll see certain startups in there, but frankly, the start-ups don't have near the scale or the technology to be able to deliver for all the answers I gave you and Darrin. As you move down market and as you move into small regionals, large community banks, community banks, call it that $5 billion and greater, you would see classic competitors of Fiserv and Jack Henry in that space competing there as well. Once again, as you start looking, our market share grows as you get larger and larger end market. So as people combine together, you're still seeing M&A activity a lot in the banking space as they continue to grow through M&A and through just their organic growth efforts and they get larger, we become the more natural landing spot. Once again, back to the sophistication of the solution, the breadth of the capabilities, our ability to allow them to have flexibility to run their business, whereas when you're in smaller community banks, you have a much more one-size-fits-all approach. As we move down in community bank markets, we also have capabilities there. And once again, small -- in traditional community banking, we do very well. But that's when you really do just start seeing the traditional competitors. As far as your global question, your non-U.S. question, we think it's a great one. We have traditionally -- we've been outside of the U.S. in our banking business for a number of years, but it has not been a strategic focus given the level of activity we've seen in the U.S. markets. We've really pivoted that whole banking business and accelerated its growth rate just off U.S. focus. We do think our new technologies, whether it's the modern banking platform, whether it's Payments One, whether it's Digital One, and Code Connect do allow us to expand on that. We highlighted this quarter, we just certified our MVP platform on the Microsoft Cloud. That's going to help us move into a couple of other countries. And I do think it will be -- we do think it will be a contributor to our -- further accelerate the growth for the Banking business going forward.
Lisa Ellis : Super helpful. Thank you. One quick follow-up just on Payrix. Can you just clarify how that -- how Payrix is integrating into the U.S. SMB business? I guess I was just looking at Slide 11, and it looks like at least on the slide, you've got a group with the global e-com business. But is it operationally integrated into your small business, business and sort of cross-selling into that existing base?
Stephanie Ferris : Great question, Lisa. So the way we thought about Payrix is enabling us to embed payments and access SMBs and card-not-present. So it's really a strategy that actually covers both in terms of it accesses the e-commerce market for SMBs.  Technically, it's going into the e-commerce segment. So as you think about the e-commerce segment, it's all things, both large and small.  Now strategically, your point is a good one, which is if you said, okay, what are you thinking about your software-led business, which is the traditional ISV business, we are taking a look at that and determining which of those clients would want to transition to an embedded payment strategy or stay with an integrated payment strategy. So the way we think about SMBs these days is you can have a traditional integrated payment strategy. Now you can have an embedded payment strategy. And so it adds to that SMB capability. But as you know, our SMB, our software-led SMB strategy today has been card-present. And so Payrix really opens up the card-not-present piece, and we are booking that into the e-commerce segment to keep it pure.
Lisa Ellis : Got it. Terrific. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jamie Friedman with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Jamie Friedman : Hi, Gary, Stephanie, Woody, complements on the slide deck. I really like this Slide 6 enterprise use cases. But I had a question on the macro. So Gary, I heard in your commentary about bank IT budget from the macro. But is there any high-level assumption? I know you're not -- you don't have a crystal ball, but at a high level on management's macro outlook for say, merchant on the macro side?
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Look, I think we see a real good opportunity in our merchant segment. We are really good about -- we feel great about our e-commerce, our enterprise segment. We feel good about the Payrix acquisition and helping us in the SMB market with card-not-present. Clearly, you're seeing mix issues as we come out of the pandemic, but we continue to take share in the enterprise and e-commerce. The Nilson ratings substantiate that.  So we feel very bullish on the overall merchant business and feel very comfortable with our guide on that, not only this year but going into the next several years. So I think we're very well positioned.
Jamie Friedman : Okay. And then just so we can harmonize the models, Woody, with your prior commentary about the impact from Russia and FX. Because those did seem to deteriorate relative to the prior guidance. I mean just so I hear you right, you, for '22, are maintaining the guidance despite those incremental headwinds?
James Woodall : That is correct. That was a very specific call out in my prepared remarks. If you go back and look, we are maintaining the guide as is right now.
Jamie Friedman : Got it. Thank you. I’ll jump back in the queue. 
James Woodall : Thanks, Jamie. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citibank. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar : Thanks. Hey, Gary, Stephanie, Woody. Hey, good to speak with you today. I wanted to start with the free cash flow question. I guess, in seasonal terms, this was a better quarter. But could you maybe talk to the dynamics of getting to 95% conversion? And then from a use of cash perspective, does the -- I guess, over-indexing on return to shareholder imply that you're stepping away potentially from M&A? Or is tuck-ins still in the picture?
James Woodall : Yeah. Thanks, Ashwin. On free cash flow itself, first quarter for us is typically a lower conversion quarter in general as we think about shape of the year, every year. Last year and this year, we had some timing around working capital, so you saw a very good growth year-over-year in the first quarter of about 41%. Again, that translated to about 87% conversion of free cash flow to adjusted net earnings. It gives us a high level of confidence in getting to that 95% of adjusted net earnings for the full year as we'll see conversion increase over the course of the year, like we normally do. You combine that with the commentary around our capital -- CapEx investment that has peaked as a percentage of revenue, and we anticipate it actually to come down a little bit more over the course of the year. We're looking at '23 forward, we're looking at more 6% to 7% CapEx. So those items combined give us a lot of confidence in that 95%, again, with only 87%, just a few points below the 95% even in Q1. So feel very good about that outlook there. Gary, if you want to touch on the sort of M&A versus share buyback that might be great.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Look, I mean, Ashwin, our view on this hasn't changed. I mean given the current valuations of our stock, given the current dislocation of where we think the share price of trade, that the best use of cash on a derisked return is buying back our own shares. With that being said, we have traditionally done M&A as a company. And so it's been a key component of our strategy. And obviously, we want to make sure that we continue to watch what's going on in the market.  But right now, we feel very good about our competitive position. We feel we're strong across all three of our segments are executing very well. As I said, Nilson should substantiate this share loss narrative in Merchant. You see what we're doing in the Banking business. And let's not forget about our capital markets business from that performance, which shows the strength of the overall capability and the strength of our go-to-market and the strength of our execution.  So right now, the best use is certainly deploying that capital through share repurchase. As we get a recovery in our stock price, we would certainly look to, at some point in time, open up our lens again and start thinking about M&A and what are new markets we could possibly break into or new capabilities that we can put through our distribution channel to further accelerate growth from here. But at this point in time, we're very comfortable with share repurchase and obviously, returning cash to our shareholders through our dividend, which we increased 21% as well. And as Woody said in his prepared remarks, we're prepared to do that again at the early next year as well. So hopefully, that gives you context.
Ashwin Shirvaikar : Yeah. No, that's very useful. Thank you. And if I can maybe ask on capital markets, 6% growth, but the report that you want to grow faster is 8% growth. So that's good. If you could remind us what the SaaS-based recurring revenue percent is? And when you highlight some of the notable wins, that transfer agency and private markets and so on. If you could talk a little bit about the sort of the clarity of your client base to look at your platform modernization. Is that sort of bringing people in? Can you give us an update on the platform modernization process?
Gary Norcross: Let me start, and let's let Woody get to the specific percentage of total revenues at SaaS. I mean, I'll remind you on capital markets, this was a very detailed transformation that we drove through in our capital markets business. It started at the acquisition of SunGard, moving it from a product company to a solution company and then deploying those solutions through a SaaS-based model. When we bought the company, it was in the low-60% reoccurring revenue. And most of that recurring revenue was in the form of either a processing fee or in the form of a highly recurring maintenance fee. So we wanted to transition that business and really start deploying capital markets once we built all the solutions and modernize them and put them together through a more SaaS deployment.  The team has done an excellent job of that. We've continued to accelerate our SaaS-based recurring sales model. It was up 8% this quarter alone. You've seen that very consistent, Ashwin. We've been holding our license fees flat. So what we've been trying to do is we run a little over 300 million license fees a year. We don't want to dig the whole while we're growing through the transformation. This is the exact playbook that we executed in the banking business decades ago.  So the customers are very willing to take advantage of our processing environment, our SaaS deployment and our modernized solution. And the reason why is because, as Stephanie commented when we were at the user conference, what you're seeing large financial institutions are realizing, processing is no longer a differentiator. Total cost of ownership, speed to market, resiliency capabilities is where they're going to differentiate. And the capital markets business is very well positioned to take advantage of that.  So over the last couple of years, we managed to grow that, Woody, from 60s to -- 
James Woodall : Yeah. When we bought the asset, it really was about 60% in terms of the recurring or SaaS percentage there. Coming out of the first quarter, it was a little over 70%. 72% was the actual number, continuing to see that grow overtime. We anticipate that to grow into the 80s and even look closer to banking over time with a reduced license and PS being the only other component of revenue in that group.  So very pleased with the enhancement structurally around that, also the visibility. And as we've talked about before, it's enhancing the growth profile.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. I'll remind our investors, this is a business that, at some point in time, we will start discontinuing license fees. So right now, we're renewing these term license with existing customers. We're taking on very few new logos through the licensing channel. All of our new logos are coming in through our SaaS-based model, which shows the strength of that product and how many actually new customers were also bringing into the mix.  But there will be a point where we'll start discontinuing the license model, and then that will accelerate it, to Woody's point, of where it will be upper 80s, perhaps even low-90s. And you'll have a very, very small percentage of license business going forward.
Ashwin Shirvaikar : Thank you, for all the detail. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Dan Dolev with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Dan Dolev : Hey, thanks for taking my questions. So this was actually a really good clean quarter, and congrats on this. I do have a question, I think, maybe more for Stephanie on the merchant acquiring side. Can you -- I know it was asked before, but can you help bridge the 200 basis point share gain versus Nilson and kind of what we're seeing versus the network, more from an enterprise/debit mix? Because I mean like the narrative last year was enterprise is really strong, debit was very strong. So maybe you can like parse out a little more in terms of like debit versus credit? And how much does that affect the kind of the discrepancy or the apparent discrepancy maybe?
Stephanie Ferris : Yeah. So happy to, happy to. So I think, first of all, let's start with Nielsen. So if you peel-part Nilson, which is really where you can understand share gain and loss because, and in fairness, I understand, as we all went through the pandemic, we had to try and tie ourselves to Mastercard and Visa, but portfolio mix really does matter here.  And so if you look at The Nilson Report, you can see we gained share. But clearly, the share loss is coming from smaller non-scaled acquirers, which isn't surprising, right, in terms of the level of technology, the level of complexity. It's somewhat of the same story that's been going on within merchant acquiring for a number of years. But you can clearly see that the share loss is -- the share gainers are really the large-scale players, and the share loss is coming from smaller players.  Obviously, there are some small players that are doing well, but that's the general trend. Now when you look at our portfolio and you think about fourth quarter to first quarter, and so I don't really -- and this is going to be maybe tough to absorb. I don't really spend a lot of time thinking about Mastercard and Visa. I think about our portfolio makeup. And if you think about the merchant book, we're almost 30% global e-commerce, about 45% large enterprise in UK and then 30% SMB.  So if you think about the fourth quarter to the first quarter, when you think about, we grew volumes 17% in the fourth quarter and 11% constant currency or 10% in the first quarter, really that step down to me is normal seasonality based on the mix.  So if you thought about 45% of our business or -- and you added in the SMB space, which is brick-and-mortar, you got to think about the holiday season. So I'll just walk back through it. Like you start at 17%, you had 6 percentage step-down fourth quarter to first quarter from retail and grocery. That's just holiday spend. That's normal seasonality holiday spend, that if you go back out of the pandemic, we always have both revenue and volumes trend down in the first quarter. Then we got a point of travel benefit, travel and airlines, but we're not nearly as big in travel and airlines as everybody else, but that's obviously been impacting yields. So we did get a point benefit there. And then we had a little bit of miss and match in other places. Someone mentioned crypto, but it's just not that big. So if you think about that, to me, it's more around seasonality, fourth quarter to first quarter. And then Nilson really talks to you about where you see us gaining share and who's losing share. The MasterCard volume, these trend, I just -- for me, I don't think about our business that way. That is a GDP grower around the world. And so they make up the whole world. We make up a certain segment of the world. And so that's how I really think about it.
Gary Norcross: So Dan, just kind of to build on that, if you think about our enterprise business, to move 200 basis points, you've got to take a lot of transaction volume to do that. And that's where our enterprise play comes in.  We've highlighted over throughout the pandemic, strengthen our sales engine in enterprise, right, and in e-com. And so you're just really seeing not only the large enterprise share gainers, right, that Stephanie referenced, but also our success in coming out of the pandemic reinvigorating our sales engine in enterprise as well. So all of those things are playing a contribution to the 200 basis points. The question around debit and credit in our enterprise play specifically really doesn't have a play. Plus it really doesn't for us. It really doesn't matter. For us, we're there to capture transactions. And whether it's presented as a credit or a debit transaction, really, our fee structures are very resilient in that. So you've got great stickiness in the enterprise because of scale. We have very, very low turnover.  So clearly, what you've seen is just us taking share through the sales engine. Our large existing enterprise customers taking share through their scale and then the resiliency of the revenue stream credit and debit really, we're virtually immune to . It's really more transaction-based than volume-based.
Stephanie Ferris : Yeah, apologies. Dan, I missed the debit credit. I agree with Gary. There's -- because of our large-scale players, we don't have a skew to debit-credit. So it just doesn't matter for us.
Gary Norcross: That's right.
Dan Dolev : Perfect. Can I squeeze in a very short follow-up? As you look throughout this -- thank you for the detailed answer. As you look through your portfolio, where do you see the biggest opportunity for price increases in your -- maybe in your SMB book or anything? Is there any specific vertical or anywhere where you could say, hey, we could actually increase prices, we're below market. Thank you. 
Stephanie Ferris : Yeah. I think -- look, we're up in the large space. So if you're a global e-commerce or large enterprise, as everybody knows, those are scale players who demand the price that they demand. The good news for us there is there's only a couple of us that can play there because you need scale. I mean historically, I think this industry has looked at SMBs in terms of a place you can increase price. I think we've seen -- we continue to have that ability. There is no pressure there. I think you probably heard that from other people. But I think there's a big pricing lever sitting in our book today. I don't. I think it's the same amount of opportunity. It's always been. I don't see anything significant or new, but it's always there, and we always take advantage of it when we can.
Dan Dolev : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And today's final question will come from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Faucette : Thank you very much. I appreciate all the details on the business. My questions are primarily around CapEx and capital allocation. First, did I hear you correctly, you say you expect to buyback $6 billion in 2023? Or is that across 2022 and 2023?
James Woodall : No. We anticipate buying $3 billion in 2022 stand-alone and utilizing all free cash flow in 2023. Excess free cash flow would be buying $6 billion in 2023. The combination of those 2 will be about $9 billion or about 15% of our current market cap.
James Faucette : Got it. Got it. Got it. Okay. I wanted to make sure I understood that correctly. And then when you talk about like being able to bring down CapEx as a percentage of revenue, can you give a little detail as to like where investment has been made that you can kind of allow the growth in revenue to increase in such a way that you don't need to continue to match that growth in overall capital spending?
Gary Norcross: Well, look, James, I mean, we've been in business for a very long time, right? So as you think about it, a lot of technologies in financial services are based on historical legacy platforms.  We took we pivoted the company back in 2015 to really start focusing on the next-generation capabilities that we're going to need to be -- that you're going to need to compete for the next 20-25 years. And so as you start looking at, whether it was in the merchant platform where we invested heavily in the new acquiring platform, and access Worldpay, we've got that fully online now; whether you look in the banking sector and you look at what we've done around modern banking platform, which is the most leading technology for cloud-native core banking system in market.  You've seen that with our wins, but look at what we did on Payments One, which is a cloud native issuer platform for both debit, credit, prepaid. You then move into our Digital One, our omnichannel experience that wraps around those capabilities, once again coming fully online in market and then our CodeConnect platform for our micro services layer.  You then move into what we did in Capital Markets, where we really leaned in our solutioning about bringing our capabilities and launching that in the cloud to leverage both buy-side and sell-side type capital markets capabilities on SaaS deployment, that all boils down to we're wrapping up those programs. And so we increased our capital starting back in 2015. We were running at about 5%. And we ramped that up to, I think, as high as 11% of total revenues. And as those platforms have now come to conclusion, you would expect those investments to come down. Now what we've all talked about, we'll maintain that around 6% to 7%. We think there's an opportunity to continue to lean in and add functionality and continue to grow and expand our revenue growth and our share. But all programs come to a natural conclusion. And we're just on the back side of the modernization of our solution stack. Now we do have a historical back book that, at some point in time, we'll start migrating. Stephanie highlighted some of the stuff we're already doing in banking. We've migrated more than 1,500 of our clients to Payments One as an example. But more to come on that as we upsell and migrate our existing customers to those capabilities.  But we feel very good about our competitive position. You see all of our segments growing and taking share by various metrics. And so at this point in time, we're just -- we're wrapping up a lot of these platform transformations.
James Faucette : Yeah. No, that's got to feel great to get past seven-plus years of extra investment. Thanks for that. 
Gary Norcross: Yeah. No, exactly. Exactly. We feel great about it.  Well, look, I want to thank you for joining us this morning, and thank you to our dedicated colleagues for another strong quarter. Before we conclude, I wanted to give a special thanks to our team for hosting a very successful Annual Client event. We had over 4,000 participants. This live event was a remarkable showcase of our solution suites to industry leaders. We are grateful to be interacting in person where our client-centric culture truly shines.  Feedback from the event has been exceptional, as clients and prospects learn how our innovative capabilities can solve their most pressing business needs. We remain committed to providing world-class technology solutions to our clients so that we can stay ahead of the curve. This commitment will lay the foundation for our growth in 2022 and beyond. If you had any further questions that were not addressed on this call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star, one on your telephone. Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. If you require any further assistance, please press star, zero. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. Nathan Rozof, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nathan Rozof: Good morning and thank you for joining us for the FIS fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings conference call. The call is being webcast. Today’s news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com.  Gary Norcross, our Chairman and CEO will discuss our operating performance and 2022 priorities, Stephanie Ferris, our President will describe our strategy to unlock the value of FIS, Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial Officer will then review our financial results and provide forward guidance, finally Erik Hoag, our Deputy CFO will also be joining the call for the Q&A portion.  Turning to Slide 3, today’s remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share, and free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information the GAAP financial information are presented in our earnings release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Gary. Gary?
Gary Norcross: Thanks Nate, and thank you for joining us this morning. Starting on Slide 5, by all metrics our colleagues delivered a historic operating performance for FIS in 2021. Our strategy continues to resonate with our clients and prospects and our team continues to execute at an exceptionally high level.  For the full year, revenue increased 11% to nearly $14 billion. Margin expanded by over 200 basis points to 44%, and adjusted EPS increased 20% to $6.55 per share. Growth for the year was driven by strong performance across our operating segments with banking at 8%, capital markets at 8%, and merchant at 19%. In the quarter, merchant came in softer than we expected due to the omicron variant. As you will see in our deep dive on merchant later in the deck, without this impact in late November and December, our merchant growth would have been even higher.  For the year, we generated record free cash flow of $3.6 billion. We returned $3 billion to shareholders, increased our dividend, and acquired Payrix, which will accelerate merchant’s ecommerce offering for platforms that primarily serve SMBs. We also successfully completed the Worldpay integration nearly a year ahead of schedule, beating our initial revenue synergy target by 50% and more than doubling our initial expense synergy target. We have a very strong sales quarter even with the omicron variant due to the strong demand for our differentiated solutions. New sales increased our backlog to a record $23 billion, an increase of 8% organically. By any account, this was a record year for FIS and the strongest operating performance in our 53-year history. Turning to Slide 6, given our sales success, we wanted to highlight several landmark wins across our company with clients and prospects who look to FIS as their trusted technology partner to help them to expand or transform their business. In banking, this includes a top 15 global financial institution who wanted to accelerate their growth and expansion in the U.S. by executing a digital strategy. This innovative client selected FIS and the modern banking platform to modernize their infrastructure using our cloud-native processing platform. They will also use our cloud-native Digital One platform to enable their strategy, which was a key selling point in their decision-making process. Additionally, Amerant Bank signed a significant deal to outsource most of their solutions to FIS, which allows them to transform their business from a multi-vendor solution to a single innovation partner. This will drive a significant savings for Amerant while bringing their solutions to the most current technologies, which is a great example of the power of the FIS portfolio. These wins are indicative of how the differentiated capabilities in our banking segment drove the more than 30% increase in new sales for the year. Turning to our merchant segment, geographic expansion was a core tenet to our strategic rationale of the buy of Worldpay. Throughout 2021, we entered seven new countries, which continued to push accelerated growth in our merchant offerings, especially ecommerce. One of those markets was Argentina, and as a direct result we signed the country’s largest airline this quarter. They chose FIS because they are looking for a trusted partner with the sophisticated vertical expertise and global processing platform that will help them grow their business. Another key rationale for the Worldpay acquisition is our ability to utilize our combined solutions and data to increase authorization rates. We now integrated our merchant and issuer processing solutions to create Authmax Preferred. This innovative new solution dramatically increases authorization rates for transactions where we are both the merchant acquirer and issuer processor based on our insight into both sides of the transaction. With this significant innovation , we can improve authorization of historically declined transactions as much as 40% for trusted cardholders of Worldpay’s participating merchants. This generates significant revenue uplift for our clients. Based on this advancement, Netflix expanded our longstanding relationship this quarter to quickly take advantage of this new capability. Given our strong pipeline, we are looking forward to building on our record new sales increase in merchant of more than 40% for the year. In capital markets, we signed our largest deal in the history of this business with Franklin Templeton. Like our T. Rowe Price announcement a few quarters ago in the wealth vertical, this anchor client establishes us as a leading global player with a differentiated international transfer agency solution that will provide a new leg of growth for capital markets. Additionally, the recent investments we’ve made in our clear derivatives platform are driving significant new wins, including SocGen this quarter, which will transition their middle and back office to our innovative solution.  We could not be more pleased with the structural transformation that has occurred within our capital markets business. This team has done an outstanding job of combining our industry-leading products into advanced end-to-end solutions that are clearly resonating through our sales channel. Like our other segments, capital markets had a record year in sales and organic growth with new sales increasing more than 40% for the year. On Slide 7, I’d like to revisit a topic that we discussed last quarter, which is the opportunity that we are seeing in the market to bring solutions together from across our segments. Buyer preferences continue to move in our favor with clients consuming more of our solutions across their enterprise to create unique client experiences. Last quarter, we brought forward the example of Amazon, first utilizing our NYCE debit network capabilities from banking before consuming our omni-channel merchant acquiring capabilities and adding our treasury and cash management solution from capital markets. Given our success and revenue synergies with the Worldpay integration, we continue to evolve our go-to-market strategies through better organizational alignment, which allows us to take advantage of a broader addressable market for our unique solution set. These changes are driving real results as we grow our list of clients that are working across our business segments in unique and differentiating ways. As we continue to build capabilities, programmatically addressing this opportunity to create innovative new experiences truly unlocks the power of FIS. We will continue to bring this forward in the coming quarters as we think this alone could accelerate our growth rates from current levels. As we closed our 2021, I’d like to take a moment to recognize some of the awards FIS earned and to lay our priorities for 2022 on Slide 8. This year, we saw tremendous recognition for our leadership in fintech as a global company. To name a few, Fast Company Magazine named FIS in their Best Workplaces for Innovators list, which recognizes companies that empower their employees to improve processes, create new products, and invent new ways of doing business. In merchant, our Access Worldpay earned honors for highest authorization rate by the The Strawhecker Group. In banking, our Unity wealth management platform was named Best Technology for Family Offices in the PAM awards, and in capital markets, our cleared derivative suite was named Post-Trade System of the Year with Global Investor Group. We were also recognized by Fortune as the Most Admired Company and we were named a Best Place to Work for the LGBTQ+ community for the fourth consecutive year. Lastly, we were recognized for the Best ESG Reporting by IR Magazine.  Turning our focus to 2022, at FIS we have consistently invested for growth, executed at scale, and delivered innovation at the highest level. We will continue to focus on unlocking the power of FIS in an organized and systematic way. This will be centered around delivering compelling new solutions for our clients and taking advantage of our significant head start in the cloud to innovate at speed. We will also continue to componentize our technology stack to make all our industry-leading solutions available to every client, regardless of the segment where they reside today. This will enable us to expand into attractive new verticals like crypto to capture fast growing and emerging new markets.  We have built FIS into an industry leader over the past 50 years and in 2022, we will again demonstrate how FIS will further its lead over the next 50 years. This business will continue to grow and generate exceptional profitability and free cash flow, which we’ll use to maximize shareholder returns and drive continued strong organic growth rates. Finally, I’d like to address a couple of executive announcements that we made this quarter. First, Bruce Lowthers decided to leave FIS to pursue a role outside the company. Over the past 15 years, Bruce has been a champion of our transformation and the result of his focus and contributions has been a significant acceleration in growth at FIS. Thank you for your service to FIS, Bruce. We wish you all the best with your next role. Second, I’m pleased to announce that I promoted Stephanie Ferris to be President of FIS. Stephanie returned to the company in September of last year as Chief Administration Officer after originally joining FIS from the acquisition of Worldpay in 2019. She is a seasoned global executive with over 25 years of experience leading payments and technology platform businesses. She also has impressive experience driving digital transformation, frontline customer engagement, and inclusive growth. This is a tremendous achievement, and we are excited to have Stephanie step into this new role. Congratulations, Stephanie. She joins us today and will continue to participate on future earnings calls.  Stephanie, welcome. I’ll turn the call to you.
Stephanie Ferris: Thanks Gary, and good morning everyone. I’m excited to be here and to share a little bit more about our vision to unlock the power of FIS. FIS is uniquely positioned with the best and broadest set of assets delivered at scale and with global reach. All the start-ups that are coming to market are trying to create what we already have. They want to offer embedded finance solutions and are trying to build those capabilities one by one. We already have leading deposit, lending, issuing and B2B solutions, and we have a large network of financial institutions, capital markets and merchant participants to drive adoption at a global scale. Our clients compete effectively within their traditional segments, but the market post-pandemic has shifted and the lines between traditional segments are blurring. By bringing all of our capabilities together to deliver embedded finance solutions, we have the unique opportunity to help our clients compete and win in this new reality. I’ll build on this by providing an example of how we are translating our leading crypto capabilities within ecommerce to drive innovation across all of FIS. Beginning with Slide 10, we see merchant’s ecommerce opportunity as centered around three segments: enterprise, platform, and small to medium-sized businesses. Today, our expertise is in the enterprise space. Multi-national enterprises and leading global brands choose us because of our global reach, best-in-class authorization and fraud rates, and white glove service. We consistently win landmark clients who need our help to expand into new countries or help them solve their challenges using our payments expertise. The clients in these segments have unique needs. Serving millions of small businesses directly or through a platform requires specialized capabilities like automated underwriting and on-boarding. Payrix will modernize our client experience through their next generation product suite and enable us to deliver differentiated embedded finance and payments experiences for platforms that primarily serve SMBs, speeding our entry into this high growth segment of ecommerce. Their team is extremely talented and we are excited to welcome them into the FIS family.  Following the Payrix acquisition, we expect to formally launch our entry into platforms later this year, and I will be back again next quarter to share an update with you about this, but first on Slide 11, I’d like to give you a little more color about how we operate in enterprise ecommerce and provide a case study about why we win in the crypto vertical. We serve four of the top five exchanges and have 100% client retention. Our success reflects a combination of both our product and innovation leadership. FIS was the first to offer Apple Pay for crypto currencies and now we are launching direct settlement in crypto. We offer 14 payment methods across 46 markets and were named Crypto Payment Service Provider of the Year by Crypto AM in 2021.  We were able to quickly expand into this emerging vertical because we have the technology and the expertise to enter new markets faster than our peers. We also have sophisticated solutions that we developed by serving other complex verticals, like travel and airlines, that allow us to assess and properly underwrite new clients that other players may not understand. Here’s where it gets interesting. We are expanding our expertise in crypto from merchant to both banking and capital markets. Our clients in all of our segments want access to this high growth vertical. We’re enabling banks to open crypto currency accounts for their customers and we enable them to buy, sell and hold crypto in partnership with NYDIG. By integrating Digital One, our clients can offer these accounts to their customers through their mobile apps, displaying crypto and traditional checking and saving accounts side by side. We are also blazing the trail for crypto card issuing within our banking segment. FIS will handle all aspects of card management and processing for CEX.IO. This crypto exchange is offering a new line of crypto-based consumer cards across Europe and the U.K. by leveraging our innovative capabilities. Additionally, our capital markets segment developed a software that powers exchanges, traders and asset managers. These solutions are in demand by our crypto exchange clients and we are quickly deploying our expertise there. In summary, we are expanding the reach of our crypto expertise from merchant to banking and capital markets in order to enable all of our clients to participate in this high growth vertical. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Woody to discuss our financial results and provide 2022 guidance. Woody?
Woody Woodall: Thanks Stephanie, and thank you all for joining us. I will begin with our fourth quarter and full year results, then touch on our balance sheet, cash flow, and 2022 guidance before taking you through our enhanced merchant disclosures. Starting with the fourth quarter on Slide 13, on a consolidated basis revenue grew 11% and adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 120 basis points, generating adjusted EPS of $1.92 per share. Both banking and capital markets revenue grew 8% while merchant revenue growth accelerated by 500 basis points sequentially to 19%. Banking’s adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 30 basis points to 45% primarily due to continued operating leverage. Merchant’s adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 140 basis points to 52% primarily due to revenue and cost synergies associated with the Worldpay acquisition. Capital markets adjusted EBITDA margin remained constant at 52%, primarily reflecting higher bonus expense related to strong revenue growth which offset operating leverage from new wins. Turning to full year results on Slide 14, on a consolidated basis revenue grew 11%. Adjusted EBITDA margins were 44% and adjusted EPS was $6.55 per share. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 220 basis points, primarily due to the operating leverage and strong execution of revenue and cost synergies associated with the Worldpay acquisition. In banking, revenue growth accelerated to 8% primarily due to strong new sales execution. Based on our large and growing backlog as well as our expanding pipeline of new opportunities, we expect banking to continue to grow high single digits in the midterm. In 2022, banking will grow 6% or more due to approximately 200 basis points in grow-overs. This is primarily due to lapping pandemic-related stimulus and expected lower termination fees.  Merchant revenue grew 19%. While new variants of COVID-19 are affecting near term results, our strong new sales gives us confidence that merchant will grow low double digits in 2022 and beyond. Capital markets also continues to execute well with revenue growth of 8%. This segment is well positioned to accelerate revenue growth to the mid to upper single digits in 2022, driven by another strong year of new sales, cross-sell opportunities, and recurring revenue growth. Turning to Slide 15, I’ll touch on the strength of our balance sheet and free cash flow. We generated $3.6 billion of free cash flow for the full year, which we used to buy back 15 million shares, and we paid nearly $1 billion in dividends during 2021. During the fourth quarter, we generated approximately $850 million in free cash flow, which we primarily used to acquire Payrix. In addition, our board of directors recently increased our quarterly dividend by 21% to $0.47 per share. We intend to increase our dividend by approximately 20% per year. This will allow us to gradually grow our dividend payout ratio to approximately 35% of adjusted net income. Turning to our guidance on Slide 16, in the first quarter we expect organic revenue growth of 7% to 8%. We expect our adjusted EBITDA margin to increase by approximately 50 basis points to 41%, and lastly we expect to generate adjusted EPS of $1.44 to $1.47 per share. For the full year, we expect organic revenue growth of 7% to 9%. We expect our adjusted EBITDA margin to increase by 50 to 100 basis points to approximately 45%. We expect to generate 150 to 200 basis points of margin expansion from operating leverage and annualization of synergies. This will be partially offset by higher labor costs, resulting in our guidance of 50 to 100 basis points of margin expansion for the full year. As a result of our accelerating revenue growth and expanding margins, we expect adjusted EPS to grow 11% to 13% to a range of $7.25 to $7.37 per share for full year 2022. We expect to generate free cash flow growth of approximately 15% and improve conversion of about 27% of revenue, which is approaching 95% of earnings for the full year. To start the year, we’ll repay debt and reduce our leverage below three turns before we resume share repurchase. Our guidance then assumes share repurchase of approximately $3 billion mostly during the back half of 2022. Please note that we have provided our detailed assumptions for depreciation and amortization, tax rate and share counts within the appendix of this presentation on Slides 26 and 27. Turning now to our enhanced merchant disclosures on Slide 18, our volume trends continue to track closely with the networks. As compared to 2020, global volume growth remains stable at 17%. As a reminder, the networks also experienced stable volume growth between the third and the fourth quarters. Our U.S. volume growth accelerated about 200 basis points to 19%. This trend is again consistent with the networks. On Slide 19, we show volume growth trends as compared to 2019. Our global volume growth remained consistent at 23% while the networks’ volumes accelerated modestly. This is due to our larger U.K. exposure, where the omicron variant had a significant impact, as I will show you in a few minutes. In the U.S, our volume accelerated by 100 basis points to 26%. We do not currently serve SMB ecomm or platforms, which helped the networks to accelerate slightly more than us this quarter. We are looking to use Payrix as a first step to close this gap, as Stephanie mentioned earlier. As we began 2022, our volume trends continued to be consistent with the networks in January. International volumes began to improve in January as new omicron cases started to slow in the U.K. In the U.S, volume growth slowed modestly in January as we lapped last year’s stimulus. As the omicron variant recedes, we expect our volumes to continue to track closely with the networks. Turning to Slide 20, we updated the detailed sub-segment data that we showed last quarter to include our fourth quarter results as compared to 2019. While all our sub-segments continue to grow well above 2019 levels, the omicron variant impacted the fourth quarter. Omicron primarily affected revenue yield as compared to 2019 by reducing the mix of SMB, travel, and international volumes for the quarter. On a more positive note, as compared to 2020 merchant yield improved both sequentially and on a year-over-year basis, demonstrating our future revenue growth potential as high yielding segments recover from the pandemic. Over the next few slides, I will talk you through the results of each sub-segment and how they contributed to our merchant revenue growth.  Global ecommerce generated $1.2 billion in revenue during 2021, as shown on Slide 21. During the fourth quarter, global ecomm revenue grew 31% as compared to 2019, excluding travel and airlines. Even with these strong results, we saw the effects of omicron on travel and airlines. The chart on the right shows our monthly travel volumes versus 2019. Travel accelerated through November but then pulled back to May levels in December. The difference between same store sales and our total volume growth is due to new client wins. As travel comes back and exciting new verticals like crypto continue to emerge, we see significant opportunity for future growth. Turning to Slide 22, enterprise generated $2 billion in revenue during 2021. During the fourth quarter, revenue grew 16% year-over-year and 8% over 2019. In the upper right-hand corner, the impacts of omicron on the U.K. are obvious, where growth dropped to zero in December from mid-teen levels previously. Our U.S. enterprise business also saw some pullback in December but was not nearly as severe as in the U.K. SMB revenue growth over 2019 decelerated to 11% in the fourth quarter, as shown on Slide 23. This is clearly due to omicron as the deceleration occurred in all verticals. As this variant recedes, we expect growth to re-accelerate; however, we are more excited by the opportunity to push into SMBs with ecommerce.  In summary, while we continue to see impacts from the pandemic in the short term, merchant TAM is expected to grow 8% to 10% through the midterm, as shown on Slide 24. Further, as we continue to grow ecommerce as a larger and larger portion of our overall revenue mix, we’re confident in our ability to outpace TAM growth and to generate low double digit merchant revenue growth in 2022 and beyond. The combination of merchant growth with our continued strength in banking and capital markets gives us confidence in our 2022 outlook and in the future of FIS. I would like to thank our colleagues for their continued efforts in serving our clients and driving our business forward.  With that, I’d like to open the line for Q&A. Operator?
Operator:  Our first question will come from Rayna Kumar with UBS. Please go ahead.
Rayna Kumar: Good morning Gary and team, and congratulations Stephanie. Can you comment on the banking solution demand environment and where you expect your financial institutional client to focus IT spend this year?
A - Gary Norcros: Yes Rayna, thanks. It’s a great question. Honestly, we don’t--we’re not seeing a lot of change from a demand standpoint - it’s been very strong and it continues to accelerate that strength into 2022. We’re coming off a record year in banking sales that was off a record year in 2020 as well, and 2019, so we’ve seen consistent acceleration of our signings.  What we’re seeing in that industry is a massive transformation in the needs that occur off legacy technologies, and we are well ahead of this trend. As you know, we started our cloud migration over five years ago, we started our cloud-native development applications end market three years ago, and then brought modern banking, was the last one that we brought forward, so seen a really strong pipeline around all of those topics as financial institutions around the world are going to need to transform to go to more componentized, highly nimble architectures, open systems that allow them to drive and innovate against some of the other disruptors that are entering in the space. As you think about interest rates, and obviously there’s been a lot of touting of interest rate expansion, this is good news for our financial institutions, so it will actually embolden them to continue to accelerate that spend and that demand on those fronts, but we think we’re extremely well positioned going into 2022. We’re coming off a great year in banking, and that’s going to continue throughout next year.
Rayna Kumar: Got it, that’s very helpful. Payrix, that’s a very interesting acquisition. If you could talk about what the acquisition brings to the table for FIS in regards to vertical exposure and new ecommerce capabilities, and then for the purposes of modeling, what impacts should we anticipate from Payrix on your revenue and earnings this year? Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, I’m happy to talk about that. Payrix is a small but really highly strategic acquisition for us. First of all, it brings our leading global ecommerce capabilities downstream to SMBs through platforms, similar to Stripe Connect. Specifically, it brings capabilities around automated underwriting and on-boarding, which are really critical for us to be able to access that marketplace. Secondly and even more strategically, it enables us to add our unique card present capabilities to create an omnichannel experience, along with our embedded finance capabilities, whether it’s deposit taking, issuing, banking as a service capability, so we think about this acquisition as being very strategic, both in terms of accessing an ecommerce market we haven’t been in before but also really unlocking the value of FIS as we start to be able to deliver embedded financial services out to this marketplace.
Woody Woodall: In terms of its financial impact, I would tell you it’s immaterial to the top line organic growth rate and probably a few pennies dilutive, to modestly dilutive to EPS. 
Rayna Kumar: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Morning guys, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to go back to the slides where you outlined the volume growth versus the networks. Like you said, the trajectory is quite similar, but just the absolute level of growth, obviously the spread there widened out a bit in the quarter. Do you attribute all of that to omicron? I’m just trying to get a sense of how investors’ expectations should maybe be calibrated during 2022. Do you think there could actually be some convergence in the absolute level of volume growth for FIS merchant versus the networks, and is there any way to perhaps suggest what merchant volume or revenue growth in the quarter would have been if not for omicron? Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think it definitely was omicron-related. I think it’s very clear as you look at the U.K. and our exposure to the U.K. compared to others potentially, 13% or so of our revenue comes out of the U.K. from the merchant segment and obviously it dropped to zero in December, so you’re clearly seeing the impacts. As that comes back, we certainly anticipate volumes to come back around it as well, so we feel like it was definitely omicron-related. We saw some improvement in volumes in January, particularly in the U.K. as we started to see cases reduce there and some of the reopening come back there, and obviously it’s having a little bit of impact on our guide for the first quarter, but it’s omicron related.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, understood. Then just a follow-up on the SMB ecomm strategy - it sounds like there will be more formal announcements over the next quarter or so, but how long do you think this takes to move the needle on overall merchant segment revenue growth once the strategy is implemented and you start to execute out in the market?
A - Gary Norcros: Why don’t I start and then I’ll let Stephanie add. As we’re guiding for the merchant business, we really see the merchant business growing in low double digits this coming year. If you look at historically based on where the merchant business grew prior to COVID, this is certainly a substantial acceleration given our exposure into ecommerce at the enterprise level. We touted ecomm growing at greater than 30% minus travel and airlines, so we’ve got a really strong business. This actually in 2022 in the short term is going to be very low tailwind for us, but we do think it’s very strategic to move into this new market that we talked about on prior calls, that we are not traditionally in, so that’s why we think this acquisition is going to be very important for our future expansion in this end market. I’ll let Stephanie add to that.
Stephanie Ferris: I think Gary nailed the answer to that. The other thing I would say is as we look at the merchant segment and we think about ecommerce as being--you know, we’re one of the best-in-class, and being able to access a market we haven’t been in before, it’s obviously very strategic.  It also enables us to bring the embedded finance capabilities of the banking and capital markets segments into this customer set and really starts to unlock that full value, and we do--we’re very excited about that. Now granted, that’s going to take us a bit of time, to Gary’s point, but the asset is really strategic for us both from accessing the ecommerce segment as well as really starting to deliver those embedded finance capabilities that we already have, so we’re really excited about it.
Jason Kupferberg: All right, well thank you for the comments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from John Davis with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
John Davis: Hey, good morning guys. First, just wanted to touch on banking. Woody, you called out about 200 basis points growth over headwinds stimulus and term fees, so first, maybe a breakout there - is that basically 100 basis points each? Also, do you have anything in the guide for any of the CPI inflators that are in the contracts in the banking segment, or is that just outside that 6% number?
Woody Woodall: Yes, the impact on stimulus is about 150 basis points - think primarily Paycheck Protection Program and the lending capabilities that we rolled out last year. The term fees are roughly 50 basis points, and our expectation is just lower term fees this year. We do have CPI within our contracts - they roll over in terms of how the contracts roll in terms of annualization, so that will come on over the course of the year. It’s really how we think about the shape of the year too, where we expect a little higher growth in the back half of the year as those contracts kick in with CPI.
John Davis: Okay, thanks. Then just a quick follow-up on free cash flow, you talked to 95% conversion but 15% free cash flow growth, which is a little bit faster than EPS growth. I guess how do we think about that 95% going forward, and when do you expect the EPS growth to catch the cash flow growth once the capex rolls through to D&A?
Woody Woodall: Yes, it’s a great point, John. We’re trying to highlight it as well. We’ve been spending heavier than many in the capex world for the past several years. We actually anticipate capex of about 8% to 9% this year, but I could see it rolling towards the lower end of that outlook. As we see that, you’ll see cash flow outpace earnings per share potentially for the next few years and then it will normalize out, where you’ve seen it go the other direction for the last several years, where we were expanding capex and then the D&A is catching up right now.  The D&A right now is one of the headwinds that we’re seeing in terms of higher teens EPS growth, but you’re seeing it convert into free cash flow at that 15% growth level.
John Davis: Okay, appreciate it. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Thanks guys. Let’s shift gears to the banking segment for a minute. I know a lot of talk about merchant, but just given the magnitude of the growth there and the size, along with maybe just touch on cap markets too. Gary, can you just tell us if you think you have all the right assets now? There’s been a lot of smaller companies moving up the value chain in terms of trying to get bigger and work on bigger banks, but in terms of what you can offer from a cloud-based offering for both core and some of the ancillary products, do you have enough to see yourself growing in that segment in that 7% to 9% range, call it medium term, medium to long term for banking? And then, look - I mean, cap markets has been strong, but just remind us what’s really driving that and if that’s sustainable in your mind.
A - Gary Norcros: Yes Darrin, it’s a great question. The quick answer is absolutely - we think these are in the near term easily 7% to 9% growers as we get beyond a couple of these headwinds in banking. From an asset pool, I think we’re best in class at this point in time. Woody just highlighted it - our free cash flow is increasing because our large program spend is coming down, because our large programs are completing, right, and so we knew we were going to have to go through this process. But if you look from the banking standpoint and you look at our Digital One capabilities, which is truly and omni-channel digital experience, cloud-native from the ground up build, we’re into hundreds and hundreds of institutions now that have deployed various components of that Digital One platform. When you look at Code Connect, we’ve got a similar scenario. You look at our modern banking platform and some of our key wins. With that being said, we have had some competitors announce that they’re entering into the space, and we think that just endorses our strategy that we started three-plus years ago. Today, we’re leader in cloud deployment, no one can beat us on availability, no one can beat us on total cost of ownership and delivery through our private cloud, as well as our ability to burst to the public cloud. When you look at our application stack, we have the most advanced solid application stack in market today, and even our capabilities of driving further outcomes through back office-type services, etc. When you look at capital markets, it’s a very similar story. We told everybody that we were going to start leaning into software as a service and deploying in the one-to-many model our leading capabilities, after we brought our applications together and modernized those through an end-to-end solution stack. You look at what we saw in 2021, you look at what we’re seeing in 2022, that acceleration is just going to continue. The only headwind we have in that market is really our license fee grow-over business, which over the years we’ve been telling the market very consistently the percentage of revenue tied to license fees continues to decline, but we do still have license fee volatility due to the term nature of those fees. The recurring revenue on capital markets has been growing very, very strong now for a number of years, that continued through 2021, so both of these businesses have continued to perform exceptionally well and our timing has been very strong, given now this inflection point that all of our financial institutions and large investment houses, private equity firms are going to need to be going through a modernization strategy, and they’re all looking to drive that in a highly resilient outsourced fashion. We feel great about these two businesses, a little headwind in the banking business this year due to the grow-overs Woody talked about, but this is a very--these two businesses can easily grow greater than 7% in the coming years, and we feel very good about it.
Darrin Peller: All right, that’s helpful, Gary. Just a quick follow-up on the capital allocation. The strategy and the focus there, just given--you know, if you believe everything you’re saying, the stock should obviously move in the right direction, so can you remind us of the capital, the liquidity you really have when considering free cash and your debt capacity, that you can actually put towards either buybacks or even M&A? And on M&A, obviously there’s probably a narrowing of bid-ask spreads in some of these smaller fintech growth e-companies, so what are your thoughts now, given the way the market’s trading around, and even on the private side, some of the valuations for some of these growth assets? Thanks guys.
Woody Woodall: Yes Darrin, it’s interesting - I talked about we had a couple of things going there. One, we’re going to pay debt down below three turns. In a rising interest rate environment, we think our credit rating is extraordinarily important. The pandemic put us behind probably two years in terms of reducing our debt back to below three turns, so we’re going to focus on that first. At that point in time, call it midyear this year, we’ll look to either buy back shares or do additional M&A. As you’ve heard us consistently talk about, we would rather do M&A, but we look at share buybacks for default purposes. Your other point is also very interesting, where there’s some interesting assets that are in the marketplace, valuations look a lot differently than they did, say six months ago, so it maybe resets a bit of chessboard for other assets that are out there, that we might be able to consolidate or bring into our distribution channel.
A - Gary Norcros: Yes Darrin, the only thing I would add to that is, look - Woody’s kind of hitting on it, the aperture gets more open, right, as some of these pull-backs occur in valuations. We’ve always talked about it, when we look at M&A, we’ve got to find capabilities that drive a new product or service to an existing market we serve, or break us into an adjacency. Financials matter, right - obviously we’ve got to make a strong investment for our shareholders and that return’s important, culture’s important, but we can have a pretty wide aperture when it comes to things that we look at now, given the scope of our business. M&A will continue to play an important role once we get our balance sheet reloaded, and we’ll continue to look for strategic ways to accelerate our growth from here. We’re not looking to do turnaround deals and we’ve been very clear about that. We’ve gone through a tremendous transformation at FIS. You can go across any one of our businesses and you look at this modernization effort is starting to become behind us, right, with our capabilities end market, even when you look at Access Worldpay and the new acquiring platform on the merchant side, so really it’s going to be all about things that can accelerate our growth from these current levels. Last year was a record growth year for us, so just really strong operating performance, so we’ll continue to evaluate that lens on M&A.
Darrin Peller: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, thanks so much for taking my question this morning. I was wondering if I could ask you about revenue yield and the trend for the rest of the year, whether we should continue to expect to see expansion in fiscal ’22, I guess due primarily to travel, recovery in travel volumes and other mix-related factors, but any commentary on the revenue yield trend and expectations in ’22 would be appreciated.
Woody Woodall: Yes, thanks Ramsey. Yes, we anticipate revenue yields to continue to improve. As you compare to 2020, revenue yields were a minus-3 in the third quarter and a plus-2 in the fourth quarter, so you’re starting to see that. You compare back to 2019 - you know, we saw a little bit of a step back for omicron, but over the course of the year and versus 2019, you saw a minus-14 and minus-16, then you saw a minus-7, so an improvement, and then minus-10 really impacted by omicron in the fourth quarter, but obviously we expect those yields to continue to come forward and trying to highlight that, really looking at the sequential and year-over-year in 2020 yields.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it, all right. A follow-up from me, I wanted to ask about Slide 7 and the componentized cross-segment solutions that you discussed. What type of internal work needs to be done technologically or organizationally, what type of integration needs to be done in order to really execute on that strategy? Also, if you could comment on whether share repurchase is contemplated in the EPS guide.
A - Gary Norcros: Yes, so let me take the cross-segment sales. I think the team’s done an excellent job driving cross-sales through the Worldpay acquisition and that we exceeded more than $700 million in cross-sales, and so we far exceeded our original guide of what we thought we would get. What that has opened up is this opportunity that we’ve just got significant cross-sell opportunities across the entire base, so what needs to be done from a product standpoint is we need to continue to drive our investment in some of these modernization platforms and exposure through componentization. We’re going to continue to work on that through this year, and then those programs will predominantly be completed at that time. You’ve seen us lay the groundwork in some of the stuff that we’ve done through cloud. We’ve got now over 83% of our compute in the cloud, so a lot of the technical aspects of this are done.  Now, organizationally we are starting to pull the organization together in a very different way with our go-to-market motion. Historically, while our sales have been enterprise in nature, they’ve been enterprise in nature within the segment. We’re now lifting those up and we’re starting to bring our sales teams together where they’re enterprise in nature across the entire company, and we’re doing that by focusing first on our top 200 client base - that’s where most of our revenue is generated. We want to lean in onto that base first and really drive that sales team to engage where they’re bringing the full capability of FIS. We’re really just get started on that. We’ve got a little over--you know, there’s a little over 20 of our top 200 clients today that are executing across all three segments. That’s going to grow exponentially with this first change. We’ve had a lot of success with this in the past, where we’ve lifted up our sales from the product level first to the customer level and then to the segment level. We’re doing the same thing now with lifting it up to the enterprise level, so we’re really excited about this opportunity. We think this alone could accelerate our growth rate from where our current 7% to 9% targets are. We’re going to certainly continue to keep our investors up to date on this. Just made the change last week as we rolled it out through our sales kickoff meetings, and so really excited about what the future holds here.
Woody Woodall: To answer the second part of your question around share buyback, we do anticipate and have modeled about $3 billion in share repurchase, and that’s mostly in the back half of the year, Ramsey.
Ramsey El-Assal: Thank you very much, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Yes, hey guys. Thank you. Maybe to ask the yield question another way, I think yield this year is about 89% of 2019. Is there any reason that the mix has permanently shifted or do you think it could back to a normal economy, and if so, if we get back to 100%, you could have a volume year of normal 10%, let’s say plus-10% extra from yield, like could you have a 20% merchant yield just because merchant gets back to normal mix of business?
Woody Woodall: Yes, as we’ve talked about, as recovery occurs particularly in the high yielding verticals, we certainly would anticipate that to invert the other way, as we’ve talked about for the last several quarters, actually. That said, we don’t see travel coming back 100% in 2022. We do continue to expect it to increase over the course of the year, but not to be at 100% of pre-pandemic levels. But you’re right - we do anticipate seeing yields being a net benefit as those higher yielding verticals return back to more normalized levels. 
A - Gary Norcros: Simply stated, Dave, we’re seeing no difference in yields as they decline due to the pandemic. As they come back after the pandemic, the yields return, so we’re seeing zero evidence of anything impacting our yields from that viewpoint.
Dave Koning: Got you, thank you. Then just as a follow-up, I think if I remember right, back when you announced Worldpay, I think you assumed mid-teens EPS growth through the--you know, in the future. I know you’re guiding to 11% to 13% this year despite pretty good revenue growth and recovery-type revenue growth. Maybe what’s the delta there, and can we get back to mid-teens or better in the future?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think we can. I think you’ve got a couple of things in terms of the yields here. We’ve got some labor costs that are a bit of a headwind, about 100 basis points of headwind in that 50 to 100 basis point margin expansion guide. When we pulled that together originally, I don’t think we anticipated this level of labor costs, and then you’re seeing some of the D&A being a little bit of a headwind in the short term, and as we normalize that over the next few years, we think you’ll see that mid-teens growth again in EPS.
Dave Koning: Got you, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Timothy Chiodo with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Timothy Chiodo: Great, thank you. Good morning. Thanks for taking this question. It’s on the embedded finance opportunity. You talked a lot about addressing this with new platforms and expansion into SMB and ecommerce. Maybe you could talk a little bit about the opportunity for embedded finance with your existing book of software partners through the traditional integrated payments business, and as a follow-up, maybe you could just give us an update on the number of software companies that you’re already working with through that business - I understand it’s a pretty large absolute number and a good starting point. 
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, it’s a great question, happy to chat.  Our existing ISV business, we have about a thousand partners there. In order for us to really enable embedded finance, we needed automated on-boarding and underwriting capabilities because you don’t do that as a one-off, you do that really automated, so that’s what the Payrix acquisition brings to us, is those capabilities.  We’ve been partnered with them, they’ve been integrated to us using our best-in-class acquiring payment capabilities since they started in 2015, so they bring that automated boarding and underwriting and so you’re exactly right, we can offer out now that capability to our existing ISV base to the extent it’s relevant to them, because as you know, it’s vertical specific in terms of if this capability works for you. But it is an opportunity to go through our existing base. As you know, our strategy has been software-led - the current term for that is platforms, but our strategy within SMB has always been software-led, dating way back to when we bought Mercury. The acquisition of Payrix really starts to strategically pivot us, continuing our software-led strategy but now getting us to access our ecommerce capabilities and our embedded finance capabilities. We’re pretty excited about it, both in terms of being able to access the platforms that sit in market we can’t serve today because we didn’t have the C&P capabilities, but also to go back to our existing ISV base and offer out these capabilities as well, including not just payments but also embedded finance, so really excited about it.
Timothy Chiodo: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on the announcement you made around Authmax Preferred. You had highlighted this capability, I recall, at the time of the Worldpay acquisition, the ability to connect the issuer processing side and the acquiring side together to offer the differentiated solution. Can you just maybe dimension a bit how we should think about from what portion of either the TAM or your existing customer base this type of capability is applicable to, and what opportunity that could drive for FIS?
A - Gary Norcros: Yes Lisa, it’s a great question. I’ll start and we’ll let Stephanie add in on this. At the end of the day, this is a fantastic product that’s specifically--not specifically, it’s good for all of our merchants, but our ecommerce merchants really are going to like this solution. As you pointed out, this was an area that we thought there was a unique opportunity for as we put the companies together. The team has successfully come together. There was a lot of work here in getting these two data streams together and really being able to tie all of this together. We successfully launched this in very late Q4, as we highlighted Netflix, a very early adopter of it. We really can see some significant improvement in decline rates, and when you’re especially in the ecommerce world, that decline rate, it’s very, very important to manage that and to make that as strong as possible in order to drive on-boarding growth. I think we’ll see a lot of demand early on from our ecomm merchants, but it will push down into all of our merchant capabilities as just another way for us to differentiate the strength of FIS going forward. Just launched it late in Q4 and just coming online, so excited about the future of it.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, I think it’s very relevant, as Gary said, for our global ecommerce clients. The power of having issuing and acquiring data together is very powerful. I also think--you know, I keep beating this drum on platforms, but I also think that it’s really relevant for platforms that serve SMBs or marketplaces because, as Gary said, they’re really about driving those businesses’ revenue, and so being able to authorize a transaction or more transactions is really relevant to them. It drives revenue to the end business, and so we think it not only is really relevant for our global ecommerce base but also for really any software-as-a-service platform or marketplace out there who’s really trying to help SMBs deliver more revenue to their end customers.
Lisa Ellis: Okay, and then my follow-up was going to be on the SMB ecomm strategy that you highlighted on the right-hand side of Slide 10. This is--you know, you highlight at the bottom attractive new TAM opportunity, and I know SMBs is an area where FIS has historically not been a huge focus. Can you just elaborate here on what you’re going to be doing differently to really differentiate FIS in this space relative to some of the more, I guess, vertical-specific, like Payfax and other players in what’s a pretty competitive space with a lot of the players maybe coming up in the very small end of that market? Thank you. 
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, so really it’s all about--we do believe that payments is going to be embedded in software. Software is how payments are going to be consumed, and so whether you’re getting a payment through a platform or through a marketplace, we do ultimately see software being the leading capability for that, which is why we bought the Payrix asset. Lisa, we’re starting with platforms, the software-led piece, and then we’re giving ourselves some optionality around SMB direct, but our strategy is really around enabling those software-as-a-service platforms to enable their SMBs long term. We do see vertical-specific strategies.  As you know, we haven’t been a buyer of software. We don’t think that’s the right answer for us. We think the right answer for us to be the embedded finance and payments player for all those software-as-a-service companies, and you can really start to see there’s a lot of niche players that are coming up and providing all kinds of as-a-service capabilities to these platforms - payments as a service, checkout as a service, risk as a service. We see in the midterm, we stand perfectly positioned to deliver those types of services. We’re just starting with what we have in-house, which is payments and banking as a service solution, but we don’t see these platforms long term wanting to have that many vendors and that much complexity in their back office. Hopefully that helps.
Lisa Ellis: Yes, super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and we do have time for one last question. That will come from Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, thanks so much. Good morning. I just wanted to follow up on Tim and Lisa’s question here and what you said there, Steph - and by the way, congrats on the title and the change, I’m happy for you. Just on the integrated versus embedded payments strategy change, just thinking about the back book and now the front book of how you’re describing it, what are the implications there for revenue, and do those two co-exist? I’m just trying to understand how that transition plays out here.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, great question, Tien-Tsin. I think the world started with integrated. I think as software pushed down market and became much more competitive, the world has moved and evolved to embedded, so those platforms. The integrated solution will always be available, but it’s a bit of an evolution, which is now we need an embedded with payments capability, and then I think you’re even, the next-gen as well is embedded fintech. I don’t envision embedded payments lives by itself very long either. I do think you’re seeing the world converge on embedded fintech. I think the nice think about the Payrix acquisition for us is it enables us to give any model people want. Some people might be really happy with their integrated solution and that model. We now have the embedded payments solution in that model, and as you know, we have a Payfax solution in that model. We do have a pretty significant back book of card present ISVs, and we’re pretty excited about it because we think that we can now offer out embedded capabilities. Remember, along with these embedded capabilities beyond on-boarding and underwriting, there is also all kinds of other a-la-carte services we can offer, like KYC, credit risk monitoring, a lot of capabilities that these platforms have been looking for. We do have to keep a close eye out on the financials around that, but we think we’re pretty good at that, and we’re excited about the opportunity both for front book and back book.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Got you. No, it’s good to have the full spectrum and there’s not one solution that fits everyone, so I think I appreciate that. I know we’re at an hour here, but I wanted to ask one on margins, if you don’t mind. You’re guiding a little bit more expansion than what we had expected. Do you have enough room to invest and make the push towards some of these--you know, for the platform side, as well as implementing the back book, which sounds like the bookings were quite good. Just curious around the balance of investing, integrating versus playing out the normal margin expansion. Thank you.
A - Gary Norcros: Yes, thanks Tien-Tsin, it’s a great question. We always try to balance margin expansion versus investment. We haven’t pulled back on our capital as well. The synergies and the level of synergies that we’ve been able to push through and the operating leverage within the business allows us to continue to invest but to still drive that margin expansion, even in light of higher labor costs this year, so we feel good about having enough money to invest and having enough resource focused towards that investment.  When we talked about capex maybe not being quite as high as it has been in the past, we still have a good bit of capex, call it 8% of revenue outlined to build out some of those capabilities Stephanie’s talking about as well, so we think we’re properly resourced and feel good about being able to deliver these capabilities that will help drive revenue growth in ’23 and ’24 and beyond.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Great, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Gary Norcross for any closing remarks.
Gary Norcross: Thank you again for joining us this morning, and thank you to our dedicated colleagues who continue to show their commitment to providing world-class technology solutions for our clients so that they can stay ahead of the curve. This commitment will lay the foundation for our growth in 2022 and beyond. If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 12:53:01) =====
Nate Rozof: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Go ahead. I'm sorry.
Operator: Good day. And thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS, Third Quarter 2021, Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. To ask a question during the session, . Please be advised that this conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Nate Rozof, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Nate Rozof: Thank you. Good morning and thanks everyone for joining the call today for the FIS Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcasted. Today's news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. Gary Norcross, our Chairman and CEO, will discuss our performance and review our strategy to continue accelerating revenue growth and maximizing shareholder value. Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial Officer, will then review our financial results and guidance, then take you through some additional disclosures in our merchant segment.  Stephanie Ferris, Chief Administrative Officer, and Bruce Lowthers, the president of FIS, will also be joining the call for the Q&A portion. Turning to Slide 3, today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share, and free cash flow.  These are important financial performance measures for the Company, but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information are presented in our earnings release. With that, I will turn the call over to Gary, will begin as remarks on Slide 5.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Nate, and thank you for joining us. Our third quarter results demonstrate continued strength of execution across the Company, where revenue growing 10% to reach $3.5 billion. Margins expanded 270 basis points to exceed 45%, and adjusted EPS increased 22% to a $1.73 per share. We continue to see elevated demand across our solution portfolio with sales execution and driving a 7% organic increase in our $22 billion backlog across banking and capital markets. Revenue synergies related to our Worldpay integration increased a $150 million in the quarter, bringing the total of $600 million on an annual run rate basis. We remain on schedule to exceed $700 million exiting this year, beating our original target by 40% while accomplishing this  a year early. Our cost synergies tell a similar story, increasing to $875 million in the quarter. and on schedule to exit the year around $900 million. This is inclusive of approximately $500 million in operational expense as we look to conclude our Worldpay integration well ahead of schedule. In the quarter, new wins across a wide range of clients illustrate that our strategy is working and gives us confidence in our growth. In banking these include another two modern banking platform wins, including one with PayPal.  PayPal will utilize the monitor banking platform to enable their new high-yield savings account. These new wins continue to demonstrate the versatility of our new Cloud Native software. Turning to our merchant segment. We continue to build on its differentiated global e-commerce offering. Our extensive global reach is a significant differentiator for us. We operate in 146 countries, accounting for 126 different currencies, and support more than 300 alternative payment methods. This allows us to remove complexity in cost while increasing authorization rates for multinational enterprises, like Microsoft.  Who recently expanded our relationship from a single region to now span the globe. Our ability to offer sophisticated capabilities and rapidly expand into emerging new verticals also differentiates FIS. For example, we continue to build a strong foundation in Crypto, planningcrypto.com, this quarter. We won this business by demonstrating authorization rates that are far superior to their incumbent provider. We also expanded our Global Travel and Airlines market share, winning Allegiant as an impressive new domestic carrier. In Capital Markets Citi is the latest example of a client transitioning from Legacy in-house to a fully outsourced solution with FIS.  While another innovative technology Company will leverage 7 of our capabilities to help power their digital registered investment advisory solution. We could not be happier with the significant growth the team is driving out of our Capital Market segment. Our solutions are highly differentiated improvement throughout the industry. It's important to note that our new wins across all our segments include Financial institutions, Domestic, and Multinational Merchants as well as leading technology companies and innovative Fintechs. Few other companies can provide such a complementary set of solutions.  I am proud of our team for their ongoing dedication to our clients and for delivering another strong performance this quarter. Turning to Slide 6, while our team continues to execute at a very high level, our share price is clearly not performing well. Over the last few months, our management team engaged in open and constructive dialogue with the investment community about areas where we can improve the messaging and transparency of our business. We believe in the strength and value of our Company, and on today's call, we will directly address the 3 most common questions we heard.  I'll begin by providing an update on our leading competitive position, as well as our capital allocation strategy to sustain and accelerate growth. Woody will then provide a deep dive into the merchant segment after he recaps the quarter's financial performance. The bear case assumes that FIS is a standing still or unable to compete, and this is definitely not the case. We anticipated the changing competitive landscape, and invested heavily in technology and innovation over the last 5 years. Ours is a durable business model, and FIS will remain a global leader with sustainable competitive advantages now and into the future. Therefore, we will continue to provide additional clarity as needed to ensure that our shareholders properly understand our business, strategy and the true value of FIS. Turning to Slide 7.  FIS has the best collection of assets in the industry. Banking capital markets generate approximately 2/3 of our revenue mix, with exclusive long-term contracts and deep client relationships, covering mission-critical applications needed to operate our clients’ businesses. These segments grew through the pandemic, demonstrating the durability of their revenue streams and are growing faster than ever. Our ongoing investment in new technologies and in the software suites within these segments generates increased re-occurring revenue and accelerated organic growth. Through three quarters, our year-to-date new sales already exceed that of the entire year in 2020, which was also a record year for FIS.  This historical success has now created $22 billion in backlog of signed revenue, which I referenced earlier. Given our year-to-date success, 2021 is going to be another record-setting year for sales, and that will drive continued strong growth across the segments into 2022 and beyond. Our merchant segment currently accounts for about 1/3 of our revenue mix. It boasts deep client relationships with exceptionally high retention rates that are supported by sophisticated vertical expertise and five-star client service. Our expert professionals are on the ground and every geography to meet any need.  Our clients depend on us to support their global ambitions by opening every sales channel to them with innovative software-lead and omni -channel capabilities. Here too, we're generating record new sales and revenue growth is accelerating as high growth channels account for an increasing proportion of the segment's growth. Given the market dynamics in these high-growth channels, we expect to consistently win new clients and expand our share of wallet. Another key advantages are extensive global distribution and enviable client portfolio, which enable us to quickly and effectively drive adoption of new technologies. There is a reason why incumbents, innovators and disruptors consistently choose FIS as their partner of choice.  These durable revenue streams combined with our scale delivery allow us to aggressively invest in differentiated solutions and capabilities. Turning to Slide 8. I'd like to directly address the strength of our competitive position, and why this Company will continue to lead the way powering the global digital economy. FIS powers the intersection of software, payments and embedded finance. Our core competency is commerce enablement, whether that's the electronification of banking, enabling electronic transactions online, or at the point-of-sale, or automating treasury, B2B, and wealth and retirement.  We have multiple competitive advantages, including breadth of capability, global reach, extensive distribution, and an enviable client portfolio. With our infrastructure migration to the Cloud now complete, and the Worldpay integration coming to a close, I'd like to share our strategy to further enhance our competitive position and generate shareholder value. Our strategy is to unlock the true value of FIS by weaving together our extensive digital assets and the global platform that facilitates the rapid adoption of new technology in speeds innovation. By component testing our capabilities, we will expose our unique set of financial assets to the market, as well as continue to push new products through this emerging platform.  It expands our TAM by positioning FIS as the destination for innovators and developers, where they can get everything they need to create exciting new customer experiences. And helps them to do it faster by providing preconfigured capabilities, low-code and no-code technology, third-party integration, as well as sandboxes for experimentation and rapid prototyping, complete with the developer forum. Importantly, for our shareholders, it will speed time to revenue for FIS through automation and self-service while simultaneously creating additional scale benefits by eliminating technology debt.  This strategy supports our mid-term outlook for 7% and 9% revenue growth, 50 to 100 basis points of annual adjusted EBITDA margin expansion and superior free cash flow. Our past success demonstrates that we execute major programs very well, and our team will keep FIS at the forefront of the industry by executing the next phase of our enterprise technology transformation. As we do this over the next three years, you'll hear us talk less and less about segments as traditional silos and old ways of thinking fade to the background. Instead, we'll begin sharing exciting examples of a new class of super users, who combine technology across the breadth of FIS in new and exciting ways.  Each of these super users is buying capabilities from all 3 of our traditional segments, demonstrating a powerful value on lock for FIS. Amazon is a great example of the power that our portfolio brings to clients. They started their journey with us by leveraging our NYCE debit network capabilities a decade ago. Today, they utilize our enterprise acquiring capability for whole foods, our global e-commerce capability, enter new online markets, and our treasury cash management solution out of Capital Markets. And we've expanded the relationship by leveraging our omni -channel capability to empower their new Amazon Forestar in-store concept internationally. Opening its first location in the U.K.  At FIS, we embrace being a scaled technology leader, and look forward to continuing to advance the industry by enabling the next-generation of innovative client experiences. I'll conclude my prepared remarks by reviewing our capital allocation strategy on slide 9. Our priority is to deliver long-term growth by investing internally to improve the value we're bringing to our clients while expanding our TAM. In parallel, we continue to actively pursue M&A, that innovative new capabilities, as well as to enter high-growth adjacencies. Our team has a well-established track record of successfully integrating the businesses we acquire, consistently outperforming our synergy targets and driving shareholder value.  Through this combination of investments in organic and inorganic opportunities, we have successfully accelerated revenue growth by positioning FIS to deliver innovative solutions in attractive markets where our technology and expertise are highly differentiated. The scale and profitability of our business puts us in the enviable position of being able to both invest for growth while simultaneously returning capital to our shareholders. Year-to-date, we have repurchased $2 billion in shares, reflecting our view that FIS currently represents a generational buying opportunity. We still maintain significant headroom for accelerated share repurchase with 85 million shares of authorization remaining, and we will buy back stock aggressively.  We are committed to consistent dividend growth and are increasing our expected annual dividend growth rate to 20%, in 2022 and beyond. This will enable us to expand our dividend payout ratio over several years without affecting our ability to invest in growth. Our capital allocation strategy is underpinned by a strong Balance Sheet and investment-grade credit ratings. This strategy has been consistent for many years and we will continue to allocate capital to drive robust shareholder returns. In conclusion, while competition is intense across our industry, FIS is built for purposes and a leading commerce enablement Company. At FIS, we're doing what no one else can bringing together a unique breadth of capability and global reach to enable our clients to innovate at speed. With that, I will now turn the call over to Woody to discuss our financial results and to provide a deep dive into the merchant segment. Woody?
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Gary, and thank you all for joining us today. Starting on Slide 11, I will begin with our third quarter results and touch on our Balance Sheet, Cash Flow, and Guidance before taking you through our additional merchant disclosures. Both reported and organic revenue growth were 10%. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 270 basis points, reflecting high contribution margins and ongoing synergy benefit. Banking revenue growth accelerated to 8%, reflecting continued new sales execution. The banking segment's adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 250 basis points to 46%, primarily due to ramping revenues from recent large-bank wins, as well as continued recurring revenue growth. Capital markets revenue growth also accelerated to 11% this quarter, primarily due to strong recurring revenue growth, as well as two points of tailwind created by the timing of client renewals. Capital Markets adjusted EBITDA margin, expanded 330 basis points to 48%, again, reflecting high contribution margins and operating leverage. I'll leave merchant for now and discuss its quarterly performance with its deep dive later. Turning to slide 12. We generated free cash flow in excess of $1.1 billion in the quarter, representing 33% of revenue, or a 107% of adjusted net earnings. We tripled the pace of our share buybacks during the quarter, repurchasing 9 million shares for approximately $1.2 billion. While we are aggressively buying stock back right now, we remain active in the M&A market. As Gary mentioned, we are increasing our dividend growth rate in 2022 from 10% to 20% per year.  We're going to continue to invest for growth and this will have no impact on our ability to or intention to do so. In fact, it will only consume about a $100 million of incremental cash during 2022, which is insignificant as compared to our annual Free Cash Flow. To be clear, if our adjusted EPS grows mid-teens and our dividend grows by 20%, we will reach the 35% payout ratio towards the end of this decade. On Slide 13, you'll see that we're keeping our full-year guidance mostly unchanged after raising it earlier this year. We are increasing the lower end of our adjusted EPS range to $6.50 from $6.45 per share. We brought up the lower end of our EPS guide due to our operating results and share repurchase during the third quarter.  To add further color on fourth quarter, consensus revenue and EPS are in line with our expectations. I'm expecting some incremental pressure on margins due to rising labor costs, and for this to be offset by lower share count. As it pertains to the platform initiatives, Gary mentioned, this does not represent incremental investment, but continues the enterprise transformation that we've been executing on for the past 5 years. This is included in our mid-term outlook of 7% to 9% revenue growth and 50 to a 100 basis points of margin expansion. As usual, we will provide detailed guidance and assumptions in the appendix. With that, let's begin the merchant deep dive on Slide 15. As Gary mentioned, we heard your feedback and are striving to further increase transparency into the merchant business.  I will provide an additional layer of revenue detail, and outlook for the business in the next several slides. Starting with our third quarter results, merchant revenue grew 18%, excluding about four points of headwind created by the unusual timing of the U.S. tax filing deadline in 2020. Merchants adjusted EBITDA margin, expanded 380 basis points to approximately 52%, which reflects the segment's high contribution margins and ongoing synergy benefit. Many of our shareholders told us they are evaluating merchants’ growth rates versus the comparable period in 2019. Therefore, I will describe growth rates through the rest of this deep dive on that basis, as compared to 2019 and pro forma for the Worldpay acquisition. It's clear that our business is rebounding, with revenue growth accelerating from 3% in the first quarter, to 9% in the second quarter, to 16% in the third quarter.  On Slide 16, we show how closely our volumes continue to track with the networks. Clearly, the 3 of us don't grow exactly the same every quarter in or in every country but the consistency of FIS's performance relative to the networks throughout the pandemic, challenges the bear case in my mind. In addition, we included quarterly volume and transaction data within our earnings release going back to the first quarter of 2019. We provide this extra level of transparency to create easy comparisons so the shareholders can better evaluate any concerns about share loss. We provide additional revenue detail by client type on Slide 17. Our Global eCommerce Business serves web-only merchants and excludes Omnichannel merchant revenue which is included in Enterprise.  Global eCommerce is our fastest-growing client type and creates a key strategic advantage. Enterprise includes North American merchants, with more than $5 million in annual sales volume, and the U.K. This is a scale business with meaningful cross-selling opportunities. We have powerful distribution channels, and  Marquee Brands across both Global eCommerce and Enterprise, making us the go-to choose for new technology partners striving for adoption. Finally, software-led SMB is comprised of U.S. small merchants with less than $5 million in annual sales volume. We service these merchants primarily through software-led or technology-enabled partners, who are attracted to our world-class scale and leading enterprise capabilities.  Moving down the slide, the pie chart show merchant’s revenue mix by these 3 client types. The text below the pies defined each client type and summarizes our respective strategies for each. Along the bottom of the slide, we show the quarterly revenue growth progression on a proforma basis as compared to 2019, where the clear takeaway is the  recovery thus for. The next 3 slides dive deeper, including TAM growth for each client type based on total merchant acquiring TAM from BCG's global payments 2021 report. Beginning on Slide 18, our Global eCommerce business is differentiated by global -- its global reach.  We have the unique ability to help leading multinational companies and global brands seamlessly transact around the world. Unlike most of our peers  gateway domestic card-not-present transactions within various countries, we enable multinational transactions with local licensing to support our client’s global expansion. In the upper right-hand corner, we show Global eCommerce is estimated  growth of 13% to 15% on a revenue basis. Our eCom mix is split roughly 50/50 between the U.S. and International. As you can see, domestic eCom TAM is growing up with single-digits, while cross-border TAM is growing 25% to 30%.  This is why our global reach is so important, it provides a distinct advantage in the fast-growing area -- fastest-growing area of the market. Lastly, SMB, eCom TAM is growing 12% to 14%. We don't currently play in this portion of the market and see it as a strategic expansion opportunity. As you can see by the elevated growth rates in the lower right corner, FIS is benefiting from the accelerating shift online. Our mix of fast-growing eCom revenue continues to increase, creating the opportunity for us to continue to outpace global merchant acquiring TAM as a whole. Turning to Slide 19 to discuss Enterprise. Many of our Enterprise relationships are decades long and built on sophisticated virtual -- vertical expertise, such as our unique debit routing, SNAP, and  capabilities within the Grocery Vertical.  Serving global enterprise clients require significant scale economies to compete at low price points, while quickly and nimbly integrating new technologies. Enterprise TAM is growing 4% to 7%, split between the U.S. and international. Within enterprise, we see the greatest potential for future growth through continued geographic expansion enabled by our global footprint and international banking relationships. Our software-led SMB business is shown on slide 20. U.S. SMB TAM is growing 7% to 9%. We have experienced significant recovery each quarter this year, with most of our verticals growing 20% plus during the quarter. Restaurant is the notable exception, while it's also demonstrating a strong recovery trend, its growth is slower than other verticals.  It's difficult to discern whether this is due to slower reopening, staffing challenges, or the performance of some of our partners. However, our win rates continued to improve on leads given to us by our ISV partners and we continue to sign new ISV partners, making it clear that there is not a problem with our service. Further, our software-led strategy, provides significant advantages across the SMB Space by providing deep vertical expertise. As I mentioned earlier, we believe that expanding SMB e-com is a significant opportunity for us, especially following the launch of access Worldpay. And any event, as you can see on Slide 21, it's 2% of our consolidated revenue.  I'd like to leave you with two thoughts before we open the line of Q&A; first, we continue to enjoy a significant competitive advantages across the breadth of our business. 65% of our revenues driven from Banking Capital Markets with long-term contracts and sticky client relationships. Within the 32% of our revenue mix in merchant, we are differentiated by our Global eCom, Enterprise and software-led capabilities. While the market appears to be focused on U.S. SMB, which represents a sliver of our revenue, our strategy is about driving growth across the Enterprise by enabling digital commerce in every segment, in every vertical, as Gary described.  Second, on Slide 22, we believe that 8% to 10% TAM growth for the total acquiring market reinforces our outlook for sustained double-digit revenue growth within merchant. We have a strong eCommerce business that continues to grow as a portion of our overall revenue mix. The international expansion opportunity in Enterprise creates additional upside, and we have a really unique opportunity to drive our eCom capabilities downstream into SMB. We are confident in the future of FIS, and I would like to thank our colleagues for their continued efforts in serving our clients and driving our business following. Operator, would you open the line for questions?
Operator: Thank you. And as a reminder to ask a question . To withdraw your question . Our first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you. And good morning to all of you guys. This is having been busy going through all this data. So thanks so much for sharing it. It's really, really useful. I'll start with that and I had a bigger picture question for Gary, if you don't mind as my follow-up. Just on the merchant volume and transaction data you've given us a lot of good stuff here. The lines clearly show you're tracking very well with the network data.  But I guess the revenue side, you do derive revenue both from volume and transactions. So if we wanted to benchmark revenue against some of those metrics, how would you guide us there and I think ultimately we all want to get a better sense of pricing like-for-like and how that's evolving because mix clearly plays a role? Thanks.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, it certainly plays a role Tien-Tsin. We tried to outline both volume growth and transaction growth within the detail materials in the press release. I think we also gave growth back to 2019, as many of us have been trying to effectively forget 2020, in some levels and ways. We have seen volume growth compared to 2019, attract very closely to the networks. We've also seen transaction growth slow a little bit, in terms of its growth rate. Ultimately providing us incremental yield on that volume, which is what we expected and where we expect it to continue to track.  And if you look at 2000 -- QQ 2019 growth of revenue versus the global volume compared to the third quarter, we had about 9 points of incremental yield benefit. And that really takes out kind of the noise between both 2020, and the move shift of the tax movement. So that's the one we've been very focused on. But we tried to be extremely transparent today to give you every piece of data that we look at and thinking about our revenue growth trajectory.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you for that. We'll definitely be studying it. As my follow-up you don't mind just bigger picture for you, Gary, I'd really on your superuser comment because I thought that was really interesting. A lot of things to think about there, but I'll summarize that, I guess. Does this mean you envision FIS servicing larger, diversified clients that, I would imagine have some buying power, but are you also suggesting that there's a shift from maybe point solutions or best-of-breed consumption versus bundled buying? Just trying to think about all of this because you have different peers and of course you have a lot of scale across all these different businesses. But what's division here longer-term?
Gary Norcross: Yes. Absolutely. I would tell you Tien-Tsin, we're already seeing it right. So, a lot of people want to put us in a point world. What we've seen across all markets -- all industries are really what we've talked about is more around solutioning and being able to leverage a platform in a way to drive very dynamic outcomes for our customers and that's what we're all about. As you think about FIS all large companies are going to have to go through a massive transformation. And so we started that journey 5 years ago and we've now had completely completed our transition to Cloud. So we've made that migration, and we've getting all of the benefits of the Cloud
Gary Norcross: platforms that are available. We then leaned in with next-generation application stacks, and we've talked a lot about that through componentization, whether it's modern banking platform, whether its payments one, whether it's digital one, whether it's nap, the list goes on and on. So now the next phase is how do you bring that together and weave that together to a one-stop place for innovators, large conglomerates, anybody looking to take advantage of various capabilities in the open market. And we see it as a huge opportunity. We highlighted just a very small subset. of clients already leveraging our next-generation capabilities across all 3 segments, you're going to see that grow very dramatically over the next 3 years.  You will also continue to see our level of technology debt get displaced as our existing clients migrate to this framework as well. So we're real excited about the future. We highlighted another 2 wins on modern banking platform today. One of those wins was the first customer that has signed up for an existing core banking system of FIS to start transitioning to NBP. So as we've talked a lot, we're really at the forefront of this transformation and this is just the next step in FIS' journey and we'll continue. And why we're so confident in our long-term guide are up 79% in mid-teens EPS, and you'll continue to see that resonate in the coming years.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Good stuff. Thanks for your thoughts.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jason Kupferberg: On margins, and I know you're targeting 50 to 100 basis points a year on average of expansion, there. Certainly, we understand there is natural economies of scale in the business, but, just wanted to make sure, do you feel this type of margin expansion still gives you enough flexibility to invest in the business to the extent that it's contemplated by the updated capital allocation strategy, just given the dynamics in your various end markets are obviously changing faster than ever. And maybe just as an extension to that, just what's your current thought process around where consensus sets for 2022? I think it's exactly in line with your multiyear guide but just wanted to see how you're feeling about that?
Woody Woodall: Yeah with regard to the 50 to a 100 basis points of margin expansion, we do think that's sustainable through our mid-term outlook as we've talked about numerous times, there's tremendous operating leverage within the business as we continue to drive automation and drive efficiencies through normal operations of the business. Incremental revenues have high contribution margins that help with that margin expansion as well. With regard to the investment side of it, we've baked in our expectations of investment into that 50 to a 100 basis points of margin expansion.  So we feel good about our ability to continue to invest, to drive, and sustain that accelerated growth profile that we've built out. So in addition, those are the two comments I really would think about margin. If you think about 2022, we're not updating our formal '22 to guide until February. That said, we're not changing anything in terms of our mid-term outlook around 2022, of 7% to 9% revenue growth and 50 to 100 basis points of margin expansion. So continuing to keep that as a longer-term outlook consistent with what we've been saying for a number of quarters.
Jason Kupferberg: Understood. And just for my follow-up, I wanted to ask on M&A, it sounds like a little bit more emphasis there as part of the updated capital allocation strategy. I know Stephanie's spending a lot of time In that area, can you help us understand just where are you in terms of M&A pipeline bill that certainly sounds like the  there will be towards some higher growth assets. And could you be considering deals that might be dilutive initially?
Gary Norcross: Let me start, Jason and then we'll let others add on. Certainly, Stephanie's return, focusing on strategy and helping drive, and continuing to focus on M&A is important. I would say our strategy is not shifted there. We've been very focused on M&A throughout the years, as you know. We've also been very consistent about getting other large M&A opportunities behind us before we typically move on into other areas. We've talked on prior calls, the markets pricing on certain things, but we're definitely going to continue to lean in on M&A.  We're going to be a buyer in the market on things that fit our strategy, that expand our TAM, that drive us new product or new capabilities, that drive us in the adjacent market anything we do, we will look for things that will accelerate our growth. And so that's going to continue throughout 2021, and 2022, and beyond. So it will always be an important part of our strategy.
Woody Woodall: You probably also saw some emphasis there as we round out and complete the Worldpay integration.
Gary Norcross: Right.
Woody Woodall: We're very focused on completing each integration before we move to the next. So we feel good about where we're at on that integration. Secondly, on your accretion dilution comment around whether we would do something that's dilutive. We don't look at accretion dilution as the only value metric. In fact, we think it's probably just one of many value creation long-term is much more and how we think about M&A whether it's enhancing our growth profile or filling out gaps strategically into our product portfolio that we can push through our distribution channel. So yes, we would think about something potentially dilutive from an accretion dilution analysis. But never that doesn't drive incremental value to shareholders, long term.
Jason Kupferberg: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. Thanks for all the disclosure on the merchant side. For this though, I really want to focus on the banking and the Capital Market side for a minute, just given, obviously it's still majority of your revenues, and very strong growth with 8% on the banking side, 10% organic uncapped markets. I know there were some items pulled forward. But can you just touch on especially the pipeline on the banking side when you think about how well modern banking platform has been doing, and the demand we're hearing about from just the end markets in financial services for tech in general. What growth do you see that potentially being able to generate over the next several years when you see that kind of demand on the banking and the products you offer? And then maybe just quickly touch on the strength in CAP markets for a minute?
Gary Norcross: Yeah, Darrin, I'll start, we'll let Bruce add on to this. We couldn't be more excited about what we see going on in Banking Capital Markets,  I'll remind you; we started this journey over almost 5 years ago as we started really embracing Cloud computing. And then we started really leaning in on next-generation capabilities that I mentioned when I was talking to Tien-Tsin about and all the investments we've made, so you're now seeing the results of that. Our pipeline is the fullest, continues to grow. You're also seeing record quarters being put up by the sales team in record years, year-after-year. This -- if you'll remember in Banking especially, this journey started well over 3 years ago and you've seen that growth rate move from low-single digits to mid-single digits, and now it's performing consistently in the upper single-digits. So we feel great about the business, we feel great about our solution set. We -- the TAM is very broad because obviously, we're not just a domestic player in the U.S. we can expand out into international markets as well in global markets so we've got a really bright future with this group. And frankly, it's where the industry is moving, more importantly.  Capital Markets as I said in my prepared remarks, couldn't be prouder of the team of what they've done. We --  go back to 2015, you had a business that was growing negative -- about negative 2%, we repositioned the portfolio. We invested heavily in product and solutioning. We started going -- and we expanded outside of traditional customers because what we found is there was a lot of market that needed those capabilities, and you're now seeing the results. That's had some very, very clean quarter for capital markets. I mean, there was a 2%-point tailwind on license renewals. But once again, what a great part of that business as those licenses or term in nature, and so you get those bumps. But even if you adjust that out, just really, really strong results.
Woody Woodall: I'd just add on to Gary a little bit here. I think -- again, we started this several years ago. We really had a strategy around how we we're going to accelerate growth in those verticals, obviously before WorldPay became part of the organization. And even to the question earlier, we've focused on, how do we cross-sell? We had this big, broad set of assets that we wanted to be able to cross-sell into our client bases and our teams have really rallied around that. They've done an excellent job of building out the products that's, building out how people consume them and put us in a very good position. As Gary mentioned, our pipeline has been excellent, our sales execution is better all-time high.  Yet again, after our all-time high last year, Capital Market's same thing, a lot of  Probably the other comment I would add is, as we've gone through these projects over the last several years, while our capital was originally on data  consolidation and some of those things, as we've come to a close of those, we're taking that capital and redeploying it in new products and accelerating our new products to meet the challenges of our customers. And we stand today very excited about the opportunities to continue to grow, to continue to cross-sell. We see lots of TAM expansion as we're moving into these markets. So we feel very comfortable that we can continue to grow this business and a very healthy 
Darrin Peller: Okay. That's really helpful. And just a quick follow-up, when you look at the growth profile of these two segments, these higher and more elevated rates, is that somewhat of a new norm for you guys in some regard in terms of -- especially on the Cap Markets side versus what it used to be? Like you mentioned 2015 was obviously negative  won't be there again, but just curious if you think the demand for that??Thanks? guys.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, Darrin, I think at the end of the day you got to back up a little bit and really look at these businesses, and look at the customers they serve. And these customers have traditionally been on older, more Legacy technologies. And so I've shared for the last several quarters, we're at an inflection point where our clients and our prospects are going to have to start moving in lower their overall total cost of ownership, increase their openness in the way they deliver, increase their speed, which is what Bruce likes to always talk about. The speed at which they serve their customers. And you just can't do that on your historical point-to-point solutions.  With FIS, we've made the investments, the time that shift. And so as you -- now you are seeing the benefits of what that timing is starting to produce. So these are very long-term contracts are high reoccurring. We're averaging 9 to 12 months sales cycle. We're averaging about 9 months now on an on-boarding cycle, Bruce and his team has done a nice job of pulling that back and that'll get faster over time. But you're seeing a very different businesses and very different segments positioned very well for a unique inflection point in the industry. And so you will continue to see these segments maintain and grow not only mid but upper single-digits, given the nature of what's going on in the markets.
Woody Woodall: And I will just add -- and reiterating, there's a lot of our clients that have the need for all of the products that we have.
Gary Norcross: That's right.
Woody Woodall: So it's running their business and one of the things that we've been able to do in the Financial Services Vertical over the years, is be able to help those institutions run their business. We're taking that same model, Capital Markets, Treasury and Management, those things are really applicable across all of our client base. And so we talked about it in prior quarters as well, one of the things that happens even in our eCommerce clients, is they're looking for a partner that can offer a broad set of solutions that handle everything they need to do. That trend is continuing, and we are positioned exceptionally well to capitalize on that.
Darrin Peller: Very helpful, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Togut from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Togut: Thank you, and good morning. Also appreciate the expanded disclosure on merchant KPIs. Looking at slide 17, you highlighted 12 percentage point headwind to global e-commerce revenue growth, looking at the two-year stack versus 2019. As you look to 2022, merchant solutions revenue growth, how do you expect to travel and airlines or like global travel recovery to progress in terms of thinking through what your growth rate could be next year in merchant solutions?
Woody Woodall: Thanks, David. Yeah, we continue to see travel improve. I would tell you, if -- from a few quarters ago, it's probably improved slower than we originally anticipated. So we do anticipate travel to continue to improve over the course of 2022. I would tell you; I don't know that we believe it's going to be back at 100% by the end of 2022, but it's certainly going to be better than where it is today, which is at about 65% or 70% of what we saw in 2019. It will help in terms of 2022, and just help support that outlook for low double-digit growth in the merchant business through 2022.
Gary Norcross: I'd just add. It's going to be a good tailwind for us going into 2022, and into 2023, but the reality is given the nature of our eCommerce business and how rapidly it's growing, you see the disclosure there almost mid 30% the last several quarters and trending up. P&A will become a smaller and smaller segment of our overall business. And so that's what we're really thrilled about our positioning in the merchant space. As you look at that business, we are best positioned in the market area that's growing the fastest and so -- and we've got industry-leading capabilities there.  So as long as we continue to execute on it, like Woody said, we're seeing a little slowing in the recovery in  but the good news is the other side of the business is actually accelerated a little faster in some of the verticals. So all-in-all, we've got a great business model and we've got one that's going to continue to perform in the double-digits going forward in 2022 and beyond.
David Togut: I appreciate that. And just as my follow-up, Woody, could you expand upon your commentary for 2022, Free Cash Flow outlook. FiServ cut their Free Cash Flow outlook for this year by 10% last week, just want to make sure I understand your comment on Free Cash Flow conversion for 2022 versus 2021?
Woody Woodall: Yeah. I haven't given you a free cash flow conversion for 2022 yet. That said, we don't anticipate any reduction in our conversion metrics or ratios. This quarter we did 33% in terms of revenue conversion in a 107%, in terms of adjusted earnings conversion. I feel very good going into 2022, that we'll continue to be generating those levels of free cash flow conversion as we've previously guided. High 20s being the revenue item, and roughly 90% plus on adjusted net earnings going forward. So no, we're not having to pull back any cash flow conversion for investment or anything else. We're very good about how we're positioned going into 2022.
David Togut: Understood. Thank you very much.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Dave Koning from Baird. Please go head.
Dave Koning: To start off -- it's such a hot button topic would just every metric as it pertains to '19. And I think your U.S. numbers -- I think were 125% MasterCard, and Visa, maybe high 120%. The  would just say, well, that signals that you're losing share but is there really a bullish argument to say it's just a mix issue and if anything, as you catch up, that means there is out-sized growth coming? Do you think it's just a mix issue that causes a little bit of gap?
Woody Woodall: Absolutely. We believe it's just a mix issue, Dave, and we have outside growth coming. It continues to show recovery from the pandemic. Volumes are coming back, yields are coming back, travel is coming back. Everything that we've talked about over the course of the last year is portraying or laying out the way we thought. So, yeah, I think that's the only thing you got there.
Gary Norcross: And given this level of granularity we've provided you today. I mean, I think as you guys really start digesting all of this, you will say the same thing. I mean, it just various verticals have come back at different rates. So it's absolutely a mix, but we feel very good about the business.
Woody Woodall: And I will just add that operationally, we're seeing a lot of sales acceleration as well. You go back from last year to this year; you're seeing an increase in close rates on deals. So a lot of positive momentum in the merchant space for us across the board actually.
Dave Koning: Got you. Well, thanks for that. And then just secondly, as we look at just sequential trends in Merchant, I know, in '19, I think Merchant was up 9% sequentially that seemed to be more normal. Last year was actually down sequentially. Is this year just back to that more normalized pace and maybe what was so different about last year?
Woody Woodall: Yeah. Comparing '19, we think it's a more normalized pace going forward. We're going to use some color that we think the fourth quarter continues to accelerate sequentially and compared to the 2019, two-year stack. So we think we're just headed back in the right direction, Dave.
Dave Koning: Okay. Well, thanks, guys. Nice job.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from George Mihalos from Cowen. Your line is now open.
George Mihalos:  Thank you for all the improved disclosure in all the data out there. I guess, first question for me, if we look at slide 22, just talking about the double-digit growth that you're expecting for merchant going forward. Is the right way to think about it for global e-commerce that that business should be able to sustain growth rates call it kind of in the high-teens? And is that increases as a percent of revenue -- I would think that would be accretive to your revenue yield, right? You should be able to increase that and that there's no reason should you get back to where you were in 2019, if not higher, going forward, is that the correct assumption?
Woody Woodall: Yeah. A couple of things in there. First, we've tried to give some color that we think, on a normalized basis, global eCom will grow 20%+ for us. So that certainly helps as we get to a larger and larger portion of our revenue mix. I think there's been at least some skepticism that we won't be able to support double-digit Merchant growth for the long term. And we really tried to highlight that, that we do not believe that is the case, with global eCom really helping us drive that accelerating growth longer-term and also to sustain that accelerated growth longer term. But I think you're right. We continue to see yields coming back as we thought. We think over time as everything normalizes out, call it into 2022, you'll see those yields where they were pre, with continued double-digit revenue growth within the merchant business.
George Mihalos: Okay, that's great. Really appreciate the 20%. I think that's really important to get out there. And just -- as a quick follow-up, just kind of going back to the capital allocation priorities, maybe a little bit on the spend in the M&A side. Woody, it sounds like again, we shouldn't really expect any sort of a change from capex perspective as a percent of revenue or anything like that going forward? And on the M&A, is that predominantly going to be focused on M&A within merchant or is it sort of a broader strike zone that you guys are targeting? Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Let me touch on the CapEx side and then I'll let Gary give you a point of view on the M&A. You're correct. Our expectations are around, call it 8.5%, which I think is where we're at year-to-date on CapEx to revenue. We would probably continue to drive about that level of CapEx going forward into 2022, and beyond. The discussion today, does not anticipate any incremental CapEx, which I think is supported by my continued Free Cash Flow yield discussion. And that we're not changing anything around Free Cash Flow yields or expectations there. So no incremental CapEx over what we've historically been doing. And then Gary, you could touch on the 
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Look, I mean. George on our M&A strategy is really unchanged. We have an opportunity to have a wide aperture; we're looking for things that can accelerate our growth and continue to drive our growth from here. We're going to continue to -- I appreciate you pointing out, really, our capital allocation strategy has not changed other than we are raising our dividend starting next year about 20%, but what he talked through all the financial is that, it's really in material and the overall use of cash. So we've got a very open lens of our free cash flow to either buy companies or continue to buy back our share back, and you, as you saw. And so we think it's generational buying opportunity for FIS at the moment.  We really leaned in, in Q3, but we'll continue to look for things that we think can accelerate our growth rate from where we are. Keeping in mind that really all 3 of our segments are really operating at some of the highest levels in their history. We just -- Q3 was the biggest quarter for Capital Markets and Banking, I think in its history of this Company. And so -- but meanwhile you see Merchant -- every trend will give you -- shows that Merchant's heading in the right direction at an accelerated rate over where it was pre -pandemic. And it's a very durable business -- all 3 are very durable business model. So if we can find M&A that complements that from a strategy standpoint that it expands that market, drives new TAM, grows us faster than we absolutely are going to be in the -- continued to be in the M&A business.
George Mihalos: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Dolev from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Dan Dolev: Thank you. Great results, guys. Great quarter.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Hi, Dan.
Dan Dolev: So I have a question and then I have a follow-up. You've got it. I have a question and then I have a quick follow-up. And I'm sorry if I missed it. You did 16%, in this quarter,?COVID-19? and it sounds like you're very bullish into the fourth quarter. Are we talking about high-teens? Or are we talking about potentially having a?2 handle? on this, in terms of the comparison versus '19, and where you are seeing October trends and then I've got a quick follow-up?
Woody Woodall: Yeah. Consistent with how we described it last quarter, we expect mid-t-high teens growth compared to 2019, in both the third and the fourth quarter. We did 16% on that comparison in the third quarter, I actually anticipate a bit of sequential growth into the fourth quarter but still keeping with the mid-to-high teens comparison to 2019.
Dan Dolev: Got it. Makes sense. And then regarding restaurants, I know this was like -- if I look through their release, this seems to be maybe the only thing that's not as good there. I know -- I think Gary, you mentioned at the beginning that you're still  there. Does it make sense to keep operating in that space or is there at some point where you're saying, well, I'm better off focusing on where my forte is like eCommerce, etc.? Coming from a  strategy perspective.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Dan, look, I obviously will continue to lead in e-com. We're going to continue to lean in on that. Our software-led strategy and SMB, though has been very sound since the start. Woody did a great -- I think a very good job of describing what's going on in our software-led initiatives and SMB specifically. You have seen restaurant starting to recover, it's a very small overall percentage of our Company. So it's really a bit of immaterial at this point in time. But you have seen it starting to recover, and whether that was due to closures, whether that was due to staffing issues, whether that was due to some of our software partners, didn't respond to some of the changing needs as quickly as they might should have during the pandemic.  All of that would be open debate, but we feel very good about our software-led strategy within SMB. And going to that, the team has done a great job of continuing to sign up partners throughout the pandemic. Bruce just highlighted our sales strength. And that's not just an SMB. Our strength in e-com has been fantastic. And what we've seen driving across our e-commerce segment, we've disclosed a lot here on what we're seeing the growth rates going on with and without travel, you can actually see travels improvement Q2 to Q3, which Woody talked about from a domestic standpoint. And now we've got to start leaning in international, but the business is really solid across all of those fronts. And we will continue to go to the SMB market through our software-led strategy.
Dan Dolev: Great. Appreciate all the detail, great quarter. Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you, folks. Appreciate the direct addressing of some of these questions from investors. As we digest that, it's quite clear that you've done a lot on the cost of delivery front between Cloud and componentization and so on. Can you speak to ongoing innovation, perhaps the level of intended spend? How do you stay nimble? Do you need a consulting or SI set of relationships as tip of the spear that you need to build out from a channel perspective? Thoughts on that would be great.
Gary Norcross: Well, let's first start with the last part, which they would need a consulting group. As you know, Ashwin, we owned a consulting Company for a number of years, and actually, I didn't see that fit in our overall strategic narrative. So we'll continue to partner with large system integrators out there and other large consulting firms. As you can imagine, given the investment we've made in componentization, we have a lot of people wanting to partner with us on that front, which is great. And given the demand we've had; you'll continue to see those partnerships grow but as owning another consulting group is not necessary.  I think Bruce summed it up on a prior question very well, and Woody just confirmed it, if you look at the amount of CapEx that we're investing back into our existing systems, really -- right now it's operating about 8.5% of revenue. That's trended up a little bit historically before we started on this journey. As you might remember, it was down in the 4.5 type range. So we trended it up years ago because we saw this coming. The realities as you think about it, this transformation has come in waves right? You had to embrace the Cloud technology to get our costs down, to get our availability up, to get our speed on delivery up, you're seeing that in the numbers.  You then saw us come on our application wave, and really building out within our industry verticals, whether that's nap access Worldpay, whether that's modern banking platform payments 1 digital 1. But that's all the things we're doing in Capital Markets around solutioning and really going into in and front, middle and back-office. You've now heard us talk about on this call, we're now waving -- rolling out the next-generation of our platform, which is really taking those components, and weaving them together in a really way to embrace new markets, so that we're not serving today.  So we're still going to be taking advantage of all the markets we're in, driving the kind of growth you're seeing. But now as you weave that in through a platform, as you start bringing in low-code and no-code environments, as you start bringing in places for innovators to come and incubate, we see that a whole another opportunity to expand TAM, given the investments we've made. And we don't think that's going to require an increase capital investment at all because as those other programs are closing, that frees up capital to now redeploy. I think it shows a real confidence in execution given where our guide is, it shows a real confidence in the Company and we'll continue to lean in on all those fronts.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, Ashwin, the team has done a very nice job continuing to focus on innovative products and accelerating the revenue that we're driving from new products. And so when we track it internally, we look at what our revenue is -- percentage -- from new products and continues to accelerate. So we feel very good about the innovation engine and the ideation of new products in partnership with our customers trying to solve the challenges that they're facing. And our team's done a nice job delivering new solutions to the market.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. Looking at Chart 22 as well, global acquiring TAM and it's a great chart. One of the things that sticks out obviously, is you are very big in the enterprise segment and that's how it's been for years. But that also happens to be the slower  So in terms of just actively pivoting your mix towards faster growth areas, could you talk a little bit more about that particular strategy? Obviously, you have to stay exposed to enterprise because the dollar's at large but how do you -- more -- how do you tail it faster? It's the question.
Woody Woodall: Yes, Ashwin, it's a great question. I think you've heard us over the last several quarters. And really even pre -acquisition on Worldpay that the Worldpay team. And we believe it was the right strategy continues to focus on invest on e-com and to drive e-com growth even faster. If you remember, this 27% of our revenue mix in the highest growing segment was a significantly lower but 4 to 5 points lower than that just a few years ago. So most of our investment in geo -expansion, most of our investment in nap, most of our investment in access Worldpay continuing to improve speed of on-boarding capabilities in market and investment that growth profile, that's absolutely were where we've been focusing.  Further, if you go back to the global e-commerce slide, where we talk about it specifically, our mix right now is 50-50 between domestic and cross-border. We think we can also grab some incremental e-commerce market share over time in a pretty high growing SMB market where we really don't play today. So yes, that's where a lot of our focus is, is to drive this portion of our revenue mix up significantly. Hopefully, over time, getting in as much as 50% of our total revenue mix in these high-growth markets. And we think that's an excellent way for us to continue to sustain very strong growth in the merchant segment.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you, you all the hard work here. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Gary Norcross for any closing remarks.
Gary Norcross: Thank you again for joining us this morning and thank you to our dedicated colleagues who continue to show their commitment to providing world-class technology solutions for our clients so that they can stay ahead of the curve. This commitment will lay the foundation for our growth in 2022 and beyond. If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.
Operator: This concludes today's Conference Call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 15:20:05) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the FIS Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' session, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Nate Rozof, Head of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Nate Rozof: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the FIS second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. This call is being webcasted. Today's news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. Gary Norcross, our Chairman and CEO, will discuss our performance and review our strategy to continue accelerating revenue growth and maximizing shareholder value. Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial Officer will then review our strong financial results and provide updated forward guidance. Bruce Lowthers, President of FIS, will also be joining the call for the Q&A portion. Turning to Slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language. Also throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share and free cash flow. These are important financial performance measures for the company, but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information are presented in our earnings release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Gary, who will begin his remarks on Slide 5.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Nate. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our second quarter results exceeded expectations across the board and demonstrates the continued success of our pivot to growth strategy that we laid out before the pandemic. Revenue of $3.5 billion was the highest quarterly revenue in our company's history. Revenue increased more than $500 million or 17% year-over-year, and adjusted EPS grew 40%. Sales results, which were the strongest in our company's history, are being driven because our solutions remain in high demand, enabling businesses of all sizes to advance the way the world pays banks and invest. This demand, combined with our organizational focus on delivering broader value to our clients, was also reflected in a very strong cross-sales, driving our largest revenue synergy quarter-to-date, increasing our run rate by 50% or $150 million sequentially to $450 million. This sales execution in turn drove a $1.5 billion increase to our backlog, which is now greater than $22 billion.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Gary, and thank you all for joining us today. Starting on Slide 11, I will begin with our second quarter results, which exceeded our expectations. On a consolidated basis, revenue increased 17% to $3.5 billion, driven by outperformance in each of our operating segments. Organic revenue growth was 16%. We haven't had any material M&A activity over the past year. So the difference between reported and organic revenue growth this quarter is primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange rate. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 460 basis points to 44%, reflecting strong operating leverage and synergy contribution. As a result, adjusted EPS increased 40% year-over-year to $1.61 per share. As Gary mentioned, we had exceptional cross-selling quarter, driven primarily by Premium Payback, issuer processing, merchant referral and data analytics win. Given our progress and strength of our pipeline, we are increasing our revenue synergy target for 2021 by $100 million to exit the year at $700 million on an annualized run rate basis. Our achievement of cost synergies also continues to be successful, running further ahead of schedule than we anticipated when we announced the deal. We have more than doubled our initial cost synergy target of $400 million and are on-track to exit the year with approximately $900 million in total annualized savings, including approximately $500 million in operating expense synergies.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning, Gary and Woody.
Gary Norcross: Hey, David. Good morning.
David Togut: Looking at the 2021 guidance, it's increasing by $153 million over the second quarter beat and EPS by $0.01 over the second quarter beat, implying about 50 basis points less of EBITDA margin expansion. So can you talk to your margin expectations for the second half, and what might be driving higher OpEx? And then just as a follow-up, Gary, you've laid out very extensive product innovation, both in the Merchant and Banking Solutions business. I'm curious how do you respond to Square's acquisition of Afterpay yesterday, with their intent really to move more into the national account space in Merchant acquiring?
Woody Woodall: I'll touch on the margin profile, Gary, if that's all right.
Gary Norcross: Sure, absolutely.
Woody Woodall: Yes. We continue to drive margin expansion, including more than 200 basis points this year, and we expect 50 to 100 basis points longer term. In the quarter, the guidance, we significantly increased the revenue based on the strength of our new sales and our competitive position. I'm excited about driving another $250 million up to 10% to 11%. On the margin itself, we are increasing incentive accruals to reward our people for their very strong performance compared to our operating plan, which we're outpacing significantly this year. And as we continue to focus on some of the successive quarters of very big wins, it does create some near-term margin pressure as we ramp these contracts. Margins from these new wins will expand as revenue hits full run rate as we get those clients up and running, David.
Gary Norcross: Yes. As far as the Square acquisition of Afterpay, when we think of buy-now-pay-later, David, it's just another payment type for us. It's another unsecured lending mechanism. Obviously, we're enabling buy-now-pay-later in our largest merchants. We're doing it through partnerships because we don't want to take the credit exposure risk that comes with that. But frankly, we feel very comfortable not only competing in the national markets. But as we push down market into the SMB verticals, you're starting to see we're coming off record growth over the last two quarters in our merchant sales as we've now retooled our sales force and increased that and started pushing down market. But clearly, we've got the most extensive capabilities in the merchant acquiring space today, and you're seeing that growth across our large enterprise, our large nationals, our multinationals, and that's playing to our strength in our sales results. But at this point in time, our view on buy-now-pay-later is just that another payment type that we're going to accept. We'll make sure that we have that available to our customers if they want to offer that, but we're going to minimize taking the credit exposure.
David Togut: Understood. Thanks very much.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. My first question was just to actually build on David's and get your thoughts just in terms of attractiveness of transformational type M&A given what's going on in the environment. Just how you're thinking about that for FIS specifically?
Gary Norcross: Yes. Look, Jason, we've always had transformational M&A in our strategy. We continue to look for opportunities that bring us a new capability or a new service in existing market or adjacencies. The team is doing an excellent job of delivering new product out of our engineering group. And you're seeing the results of that contribute to our accelerated revenue growth. Will we do additional M&A in the future? Absolutely. Things are expensive. Right now, we continue to see the intrinsic value of our stock is undervalued. And so obviously, we're very focused on share buybacks and deploying free cash flow in that manner, but we're not opposed to doing M&A activity if it fits our strategy and fills in a gap in our overall capability. Right now, we feel very good about our competitive position of product set. You're seeing it come through in our sales results. I mean, second quarter was the largest sales record for us across the board, across Capital Markets, across Banking, across Merchant. We hit record numbers for that from a sales and in an existing quarter. So, we feel really good about the strength of our position and where we're - the demand for our products and services in market, but M&A will always continue to be something that we evaluate and look at. And if it makes sense, then we'll execute.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. And just a follow-up for Woody on the margin front. It looks like there's an implied step-up of maybe about 300 bps of margin expansion from Q3 to Q4. So can you just talk about the visibility on that acceleration? What's driving it? Is it just the top line or the OpEx cadence? I know you were calling out some incentive comp and some contract ramp-up costs, but is there just some cadence considerations there between the two quarters? And I just wanted to get the sense of the visibility there on the Q4 ramp.
Woody Woodall: Yes. There's certainly some ramp in the fourth quarter as we sign clients and get them up and running and drive the revenue at that point in time. I think there's also just some cadence of the quarterly spread and the consensus is a little off between Q3 and Q4, no more than that, to be honest with you, Jason. We feel very good about the outlook for the remainder of the year across all three segments, are continuing to drive the growth profile and continue to fuel accelerating revenue growth. So we feel really good there.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. I appreciate the thoughts. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Wong with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tien-Tsin Wong: Hey, thanks. Always good to connect. I just want to get a sense on the backlog being up 8%. It sounds like the pipeline, Gary, is really strong. Just - I heard the revenue synergies are, I think, up $100 million. Are those all related? Just trying to better understand sort of if you can unpack or decompose the new sales, the backlog from the revenue synergies. Where is it coming from? Is it driven by the synergies? Or is it really from a return on investments on some of the product modernization efforts that you've taken on?
Gary Norcross: Yes, it's a great question. It's really coming across the board. I mean, you're seeing us succeed our cross-sales and revenue synergies with the Worldpay integration, we're real pleased on that with the acceleration and Woody highlighted a number of those products. But we're also seeing great adoption of our new product and innovation capabilities. Modern Banking platform is up over 50%. You're seeing our issuer business with PaymentsOne up substantially. You'd look at what we've done in Capital Markets, about end-to-end solutioning across the front, middle and back office, and you're seeing accelerated revenue growth there in Capital Markets as well. So when we look at sales holistically, as I said, all three segments were up, had a record quarter from a sales perspective. But it really was - it was new logo sales, actually gaining share and taking share. It was cross-sell to existing customers of new product capabilities we're delivering to market or cross-selling existing products and then revenue synergies across the Worldpay integration efforts. So couldn't be more pleased with our sales channel. And as I point out, you guys have seen this. We've now had multiple years of record sales and seeing that demand continue to accelerate. So that's what has us so bullish on the future of FIS. And you've seen the growth rates across all three segments consistently trend up as well. And now that the global pandemic, we're starting to see opening, obviously, in the U.S. Europe is lagging a little bit there and Asia. But as you're starting to see reopening, you'll just continue to see more accelerated growth going forward.
Tien-Tsin Wong: Perfect. It was broad based. Just real quick follow-up. Just the visibility into getting - I know Banking accelerated a little bit sequentially in the second quarter. It's sounds like it's going to accelerate more in the second half. Do you need to sell more business to get there? Or is it really just timely conversions of the backlog? And then, really quickly, if you don't mind, the Fifth Third modernization effort to the modern piece on FIS, is there a change in annual contract value by moving from legacy to a modern solution there from an FIS perspective? Thank you. Sorry for the two extra questions.
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, two points. No, it's a great question. Two points on the Banking backlog in Q3. We don't - we don't need a lot of sales to hit that Q3 number. It really is backlog. You saw the backlog increase 8%, which is, I think, on memory, one of the largest increases we've seen of that backlog. It's certainly the largest the backlog has been. So the team is doing a great job of delivering new capabilities. We've now got six of our clients on NBP and production. So you get a ramp effect of that going into that and also the new products and capabilities we're selling. But it's really just in delivery of that backlog into Q3. And so that just goes to show as that backlog builds, you're going to see a consistent ramp across that Banking segment. When you look at Fifth Third, it's a substantial increase for us in contract value in the relationship because keep in mind a number of those capabilities, they're going off in-house systems to our systems in a fully outsourced manner. And so - so for us, we see a significant step function as we deliver those capabilities and then start recognizing that revenue through the processing channel. So it's a great relationship we've had with Fifth Third for a very long time. So we're excited about expanding this and excited about helping them rearchitect their technology stack for the future.
Tien-Tsin Wong: Terrific. Thank you. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. I just want to hone in for a minute on the Merchant side. You talked about record sales growth, I think the second quarter in a row. If you could just give us some of the dynamics of where the - what kind of business you're seeing from that front? And then the confidence level in the second half of '21 being mid- to high teens, above '19 levels. I'm assuming that's in part of these mix, travel and certain geographies. If you can just give us a little more color on understanding the drivers there. What - how much pressure was the second quarter impacted by whether it's volume or revenue from those aspects? And then what could that mean for the second half?
Woody Woodall: Yes. I had a hard time hearing the beginning of the question, but I think it was around sales?
Gary Norcross: Yes, and the success.
Woody Woodall: So what I would just say, first of all, the team has just done a phenomenal job kind of embracing that in the playbook of sales and what we were trying to accomplish. So whether it be the banking organization, the merchant organization and the capital markets, all three had really strong sales outings for Q2. The Merchant team, in particular, has really kind of turned that engine around and really creating a lot of momentum, whether it be in the SMB space as you've heard, or the enterprise space and our e-commerce space, we've really had strong sales right across the board, continued expansion with our FI partners, continued expansion in our channels, the SMB space, as I said. So really just a strong outing. Our pipeline is really robust as we come into Q3. So we feel very good about where we're heading in the back half of the year. And we would expect to continue from the great success that we had in the first half of the year.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Darrin, I'll add too. We've seen yield dynamics were positive as we see volumes and reopenings happen. The international business is reopening, but lagging the U.S. in terms of timing. So we think that's a tailwind in the back half of the year. Discretionary verticals are also improving as we've seen in both restaurant being up very sharply, both domestically and internationally. We really haven't seen any attrition. And our actual merchant count is up year-over-year and about 5% up sequentially during the second quarter. So you have the sales, you add the merchant count, add the outlook in terms of the yield benefit and the volume expectations, we feel really good about the back half of the year being in that mid- to high teens. Further, we saw July improving compared to June and it's in line with our 3Q guidance that we just put out and generally in line with the networks as well. And then the international business is trending a little higher than the U.S. in terms of volume improvement in July. So you add all those things together, that's how we think about mid- to high teens growth compared to 2019, both Q3 and Q4.
Darrin Peller: All right, thanks. Very quick follow-up is just your extension into 2024, your confidence in the 7% to 9%. What really changed about that? Was it just the big pipeline? Was it bookings in Banking or maybe broad-based?
Gary Norcross: Well, I think the nature of our business, Darrin, we've talked about this a lot. It's so highly reoccurring in nature. And when you look at the backlog, you look at the acceleration of $22 billion, you look at the pipeline, you look at records signings in Q2, following record signings in Q1, followed by a record year last year in sales, you look at the delivery channel of what we're onboarding, you look at the trend and the recovery going on, I mean, we feel very confident in extending to 7% to 9% in growth and look at accelerating further beyond that. You've got Capital Markets that we used to look as a low single-digit grower. You're seeing that move into, what, 6% organic growth this quarter. You're now in the mid-single digits. You're going to see Capital Markets give, its sales success trend towards the upper single digits. Banking is getting well established in the upper single digits, giving its backlog and giving it sales success. And then you look at the strength of the Merchant portfolio and the recovery. I mean, we had strong recovery across every one of the verticals we participate in. Our sales were strong across all those verticals as well. The yield dynamics have recovered from where we - just as we said they would back to kind of 2019 levels. So, all of that comes together. We just got a lot of confidence that the engine is running very well and the growth aspects, just booking the historical sales to-date will continue to propel us into that 7% to 9% range through 2024. Now obviously, we look at the pipeline as well. We've got a lot of confidence in what we're seeing shaping up in Q3, Q4 and into next year. So all of those things are just driving us to extend the long term - the midterm outlook.
Woody Woodall: If I could just add and underscore the really bringing new product to market and the innovation that we're driving there has really helped us accelerate. And we expect that to continue. We've really created a wonderful process with the organization. We're seeing a lot of success whether it be Access Worldpay, whether it be MBP, PaymentsOne. We've got a whole litany of new products that have come and are really making a material impact for us. And we expect that to continue as we're driving forward.
Darrin Peller: Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Your line is now open.
Dave Koning: Yes. Hey, guys. Thanks and nice job.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Dave.
Dave Koning: Yes. And I guess my first question, when we think of some of the yield dynamics that are starting to really play out now, when we look into next year, is this year still depressed from the standpoint, the mix of revenue is still coming less this year from SMBs than normal and volumes are probably a little bit, especially in Q1 this year, were also a little bit non-normal. Do we think yields into next year provide another catalyst - positive catalysts as SMBs recover as part of a mix - as part of the mix?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think it's beyond just the SMBs too. Some of the verticals that had a richer margin profiles, like travel and airlines, we anticipate to continue to recover into 2022 as we continue to go forward. So yes, we think it will still be a bit of a tailwind at least through the first half of 2022. Over time, we anticipate yields to be a net positive for us, but obviously, not quite as big as we've seen this year with the dynamics that we've seen around the pandemic. But you're right, both a combination of the sharp increase in some of the more discretionary verticals that continue to reopen both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. as well as some of the other verticals like travel and air will certainly be some benefit to yield next year.
Dave Koning: Got you. Okay, thanks. And then just as a follow-up, it seems like the market - the banking market is really good, and you're taking share on top. I guess, is there a way to almost disaggregate the two, like do you feel like the market is better than usual and maybe sustainable for several years? And then how much of the growth do you think is just kind of above market gain share type stuff?
Gary Norcross: I think we positioned - Dave, it's a great question. I think we've positioned in Banking, and frankly, Capital Markets for the last several quarters. We're really at an inflection point for the industry. A lot of those technologies are legacy - what people call legacy-based technologies. They're in very old architectures. They're trying to respond and becoming more nimble and take cost out and getting more digitally native. And that's where - that plays to the strength of FIS. We started this transformation almost now four years ago. Bruce mentioned a number of the products we're bringing online, Modern Banking platform, Digital One, PaymentsOne, the list goes on and on in Banking, and you're seeing a high demand for that. So we're taking share from traditional in-house where large - very large financial initiations actually built their own systems or leverage some type of offshoring capability to build their own through some augmentation or just running a very old piece of technology that's been in existence for decades. And so, they're now reaching in and taking advantage of some of our modern architectures. And doing it through our cloud because of all the investments that we've made in cloud-based technologies. And all of that really is timing us very well for this inflection point. So we feel very confident that we're just getting started on what I've described as a journey over the next decade and FIS is exceptionally well positioned to take advantage of that globally and will.
Woody Woodall: Yes, Dave, I'll just follow on too. We've highlighted over several years, the investments that we've been making. We anticipated those investments to turn into sales and they did. We've told you those sales will turn into revenue acceleration, and they are. And now we're even highlighting the contribution of that new solutions and that new innovation revenue as part of the overall contribution mix and the revenue growth profile to try to give you some confidence in our ability to sustain these higher growth levels based on the investments and the innovation work that we're doing.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. And I would just add from a customer perspective, the thing that I hear back from our customers is really twofold. They're very focused on kind of modernization in the banking space, and they're extremely focused on new product offerings, how do we get more product offerings out to them. And I think you've heard us talk over the last year about these two themes and actually longer as Gary has talked about our modernization efforts started years ago, and we're positioned very well to kind of meet what our customers are asking for, and we feel very good about that.
Dave Koning: Great. Thanks, guys.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen. Your line is now open.
George Mihalos: Hey, good morning, guys and congrats. I think in normal times, this will be considered a good quarter, so congrats.
Gary Norcross: Thanks.
George Mihalos: But I just wanted to ask - good to see that longer-term outlook, the 24%, the 7% to 9%, I think that's something that's being under-appreciated by the market. Gary, I'm just curious, the derivation of that 7% to 9%, has that changed at all at the segment level? Meaning, are there segments or businesses where you feel you're doing better than sort of post-pandemic and that will continue and others that may have been perhaps somewhat impacted in the post-pandemic world? Just curious how you're thinking about that?
Gary Norcross: You know, it's a great question, George. I would say that our Merchant businesses, we're seeing good acceleration there. The team has done a very nice job of expanding the sales team and technology stack and starting to push in the markets that Worldpay traditionally didn't play in. We're starting to see a nice acceleration there. So we expect that that segment in the coming years to be a consistent double-digit performer on organic growth, which is used to perform below that historically. When you look at the Banking business, I would say the Banking business is operating the way we thought it would. We've had good line of sight in that for a number of years of our investments and we're seeing that actually kind of hit the numbers exactly where we projected and realizing that we were expecting some big ramps and big ramps through the sales initiatives. So we made a lot of investments there, and that business has been fundamentally transformed and, and so we're seeing the results that we had hoped for. Capital Markets actually has improved over what we thought. We traditionally thought when we bought Capital Markets, there was a strong position to expand there. We saw the ability to bring solutions to market, not just products, move beyond the licensing business into an outsourcing business. And we thought if we did that, we were conservative and thought mid to low single digits organic growth there. And what we've seen is that business has transformed actually faster in the demand for our front, middle and back office solutioning, the new investments we made around RegTech and some of the higher-growth areas of that market have really paid big dividends and so now we're seeing that move much closer to the Banking business. So, I think that's going to continue to accelerate for us and that's why we think that the 7% to 9% is it very, we're very confident in executing in that range for the coming years and look forward to continued execution.
George Mihalos: Okay, that's great color. Just sort of a quick follow-up. I know you got the buy-now-pay-later question, but maybe I'll ask us a little bit more broadly. Some of your competitors, your partners, they have acquiring models but they obviously own proprietary APMs I'm curious is that something that could potentially be of interest to you guys or do you sort of want to sort of stay in the Switzerland approach in terms of how you're servicing clients?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think from our perspective, we participated in APM for a long time and we'll continue to do that in more of a Switzerland type of --. We're going to take the right payment types in the right markets and continue to partner. One of the things we talk a lot about is being kind of a world-class collaborator with others. The bedrock of that for us has really been Code Connect and Worldpay Connect. As we have built out these exponential APIs and it's allowing us to bring product to market faster and meet the needs of our customers. So I think for us, we're going to continue to go down that path, building out solutions that I think other people won't be able to do in time frames that we'll be able to bring them.
George Mihalos: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Your line is now open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Hi, Gary. Hi, Woody.
Gary Norcross: Hey, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hey. Congratulations on another strong quarter. I guess I want to go back to the margins and completely understand investing in people, clients and, those are all good things. The question is, what drives the lower, lower-end of your margin range, what drives the upper end of the margins range, and while sticking on margins? Were there any one-timers slight maybe non-recurring things like higher crypto you think that might have driven this particular quarter here?
Gary Norcross: Yes. A couple of things. We are seeing higher incentive accruals, as we've talked about, driving that up to reward our people for outperforming our operating plan. You've got - that is one component. I would tell you, incremental incentive accruals, Ashwin, are about $0.04 and our full year outlook of incremental there. We also were seeing continued wins in these large deals that are taking some time to get up and running. T. Rowe Price as well as Fifth Third are two of the largest transactions that we've ever run in terms of size of contract and they'll have some short-term pressure on margin as we continue to ramp up those customers and get their revenues moving. This flows all the way from revenue driving at full run rate showing the operating leverage in the business, but you have to ramp that revenue up and you have a little bit of a headwind in terms of the margin rate, as we continue to see accelerating revenue on the top line. So, those are really kind of the components I tried to highlight in there as what's driving the margin. From a one-time or perspective, not a lot of one-timers in here, pretty clean in terms of the quarter and feel good about what we've executed on.
Woody Woodall: We do feel good Ashwin, long-term. Even in the out years, we've talked about 7% to 9%, but we've got consistent margin expansion built into our models in the outyears as well. I mean, the contribution margins of these new sales come on as we've talked about in the past. They come on in very high margins. Bruce has talked about our ramp in investment in new products and obviously we continue to do that, continue to bring new product capability to continue to consolidate - increase our overall growth rates. But we feel very good about where our margins are today. We have really strong margin expansion for the full year this year, also highlights just how well we're doing with operating synergies and all of the revenue growth. So that will continue as we push into the out-years with margin expansion in the mid-term guidance we gave each year.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: That's great. No, I definitely agree with the you guys are executing. There was some speculation recently with regards to a portion of your Capital Markets business, potentially from being divested or let you perhaps open to divesting it. Any updates until broadly when you look at your look - current book current businesses? Does it all fit together in your eyes? Or any strategic new point you might want to share?
Gary Norcross: Ashwin, we don't comment on rumors, as you know. But what I would tell you is we've always had a strong viewpoint as part of our strategy is to continue to look at our portfolio and make sure that our portfolio of assets makes sense for our long-term strategy. We signaled recently that we pushed some things into our other segment as non-strategic. Would we divest things in the portfolio don't fit our overall strategy? We've done that historically, and when you think about what we did years ago with our health care business and our public sector business. But typically, as I said, we signaled that we move things into the other category, things that we are considering as non-strategic, but we really don't comment on rumors on divestitures or acquisitions for that matter.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it, got it. Congratulations, again. This is pretty solid.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Thank you, Ashwin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Dan Dolev: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question. Two questions. The first one is - and then I have a follow-up. Can you maybe elaborate a little bit on sort of the puts and takes of what happened in the second quarter in terms of just the growth rates between SMB? I know you called out e-commerce, but just if you think about those subsegments, and then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I can comment on that. Overall, Merchant growth in the second quarter was 45%. If you break that down between enterprise and SMB, SMB grew 50% for us in the second quarter and the enterprise business grew a little over 40% combining to that 45%. If you remember, global eCom sits in the enterprise business, growing at 31%. So that's a little bit of the breakdown between them. We did see some sharp increases in verticals, both North America restaurant and international restaurant were up about 70% around reopening. So as we anticipated, we expected the volumes to come back and they did. And then we got the yield benefit through those some of those higher yielding verticals. As the reopenings happened, it rebounded. So that's a little color around SMB and enterprise there, Dan.
Gary Norcross: I would just add that the team is just performing at a very high level, the execution with the Merchant team bringing product to market, execution, driving sales, the Banking team, the Capital Markets team, all of them just really kind of embracing what we're trying to do and executing at a very, very high level.
Dan Dolev: Yes, that sounds really strong. And then my follow-up is more macro. There is a lot of anxiety here in the U.S. that we're kind of a few months behind the U.K. I know you have like a huge U.K. exposure. Can you give us some understanding of how things are trending there given the decision that they made to reopen everything? I mean are there, are you seeing things sort of reopen as it peaks and comes down? Like, it's just I think there is a lot of anxiety here that we're going to see the same thing in a couple of months, given the surge in the Delta. Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Yes. As we highlighted, we continue to see July results improving. That is improving better or trending better internationally than in the U.S. right now. You. We certainly saw some benefit in the back half of July with some of the U.K. reopening as we've seen the volumes increasing there. Certainly, continue to monitor everything as things go along, but feel good about what we're seeing right now in terms of volumes outside of the U.S. continuing to improve. They are lagging the U.S. a little bit as we talked about. We certainly saw the U.S. outpace international growth in the second quarter, but we anticipate the international areas to continue to drive into the back half of the year.
Dan Dolev: Really appreciate it.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Gary Norcross for closing remarks.
Gary Norcross: Thank you again for joining us this morning and thank you to our dedicated colleagues who continue to show their commitment to providing world-class technology solutions for our clients, so that they can stay ahead of the curve. This commitment will lay the foundation for our growth in 2021 and beyond. If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you and goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 19:19:11) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the FIS First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call.  As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Nate Rozof, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations.
Nate Rozof: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the FIS First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
Gary Norcross: Thank you, Nate. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We achieved very strong start to the year, exceeding our expectations across the board in the first quarter. As shown on Slide 5, we realized accelerating revenue growth, exceptionally strong new sales and significantly expanded margins across all our operating segments. Our Worldpay revenue synergies are also accelerating through increased cross-selling as well as ramping volumes on prior synergistic sales. As a result, we are increasing our 2021 and 2022 revenue synergy targets to $600 million and $700 million, respectively. During the quarter, we leveraged our continually strong free cash flow to begin buying back stock, fund our increased dividend and make strategic investments in intriguing new companies that are accelerating new capabilities and pushing the boundaries of financial technology. I’m also pleased to share that we divested our remaining minority position in Capco in April, netting a very positive return for our shareholders in over $350 million in proceeds for our remaining stake.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Gary, and thank you, all, for joining us today. Starting on Slide 11, I will begin with our first quarter results, which exceeded our expectations across all metrics to generate an adjusted EPS of $1.30 per share. On a consolidated basis, revenue increased 5% in the quarter to $3.2 billion, driven by better-than-expected performances in each of our operating segments. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded by 10 basis points to 41%. Strong contribution margins and synergy achievement within each of our segments more than offset increased corporate expenses from unwinding last year’s COVID-related cost actions. We continue to make excellent progress on synergies exiting the quarter at $300 million in run rate revenue synergies, an increase of 50% over the fourth quarter’s $200 million, accelerating revenue synergy attainment driven primarily by ongoing traction and ramping volumes within our bank referral and ISV partner channels as well as cross-sell wins related to our new solutions and geographic expansion. Given our progress to date and robust pipeline, we’re increasing our revenue synergy target for 2021 by 50% or $200 million to $600 million; and for 2022 by $150 million to $700 million. Our achievement of cost synergies has also been very successful. We have doubled our initial cost synergy target of $400 million, exiting the quarter with more than $800 million in total cost synergies. This includes approximately $425 million in operating expense synergies. Our backlog increased mid-single digits again this quarter as strong new sales more than offset our recognition of revenue in the quarter. Turning to Slide 12 to review our segment GAAP and organic results. As a reminder, the only difference between GAAP and organic revenue growth for our operating segments this quarter is the impact of currency. Our Banking segment accelerated to 7% on a GAAP basis or 6% organically, up from 5% growth last quarter. These strong results were driven primarily by ramping revenues from our recent large bank wins, recurring revenue and issuer growth. Our issuing business grew 10% in the quarter, driven primarily by revenue growth from PaymentsOne, increased network volumes and economic stimulus. We expect both of these tailwinds to continue, driving accelerated growth into the second quarter in support of our outlook for mid- to high-single-digit organic revenue growth for the full year. Capital Markets increased 5% in the quarter or 3% organically, reflecting strong sales execution and growing recurring revenue. The Capital Markets team is driving a fast start program for the beginning of 2021 and appears to be trending toward the higher end of our low to mid-single-digit organic growth outlook for the year. In Merchant, we saw a nice rebound, with growth of 3% in the quarter or 1% organically, accelerating 10 points sequentially as compared to the fourth quarter. Merchant’s first quarter performance was driven primarily by strength in North America and e-commerce, including significantly ramping volumes on our new acquiring platform. COVID impacts on travel and airlines as well as continued lockdowns in the U.K. drove a 5-point headwind in the first quarter. Slide 13 shows the significant ramp in volumes and revenue that the Merchant business generated throughout the quarter. Importantly, as volumes rebounded, yields grew significantly. We ultimately exited the quarter generating approximately 70% revenue growth during the last week of March, including 5 percentage points of positive yield contribution. We expect this positive revenue yield tailwind to continue to expand in the second quarter and continue throughout the remainder of the year. Based on March exit rates and second quarter comparisons, we expect merchant organic revenue growth of 30% to 35% in the second quarter. The expanding investments we are making in merchant technology platforms and global sales execution will yield long-term benefits for our clients and significant new wins for our business. As Gary highlighted, we are very pleased with the execution of our segments. With accelerating revenue growth and strong new sales, each of them are winning market share. Turning to Slide 14. We returned approximately $650 million to shareholders in the quarter through our increased dividend and share repurchases. Starting in March, we bought back approximately 2.8 million shares at an average price of $143 per share. Beyond this return of capital, we also successfully refinanced a portion of our higher interest rate bonds, which extended our average duration by a year and lower expected interest expense for the year by about $60 million to approximately $230 million. Total debt decreased to $19.4 million -- $19.4 billion for a leverage ratio of 3.6x exiting the quarter, and we remain on track to end the year below 3x leverage. Turning to Slide 15. I’m pleased to be able to raise our full year guidance so early in the year based on our strong first quarter results and second quarter outlook. For the second quarter, we expect organic revenue growth to continue to accelerate to a range of 13% to 14%, consistent with revenue of $3.365 billion to $3.39 billion. As a result of the high contribution margins in our business, we expect adjusted EBITDA margin to expand by more than 400 basis points to approximately 44%. This will result in adjusted EPS of $1.52 to $1.55 per share. For the full year, we now anticipate revenue of $13.65 billion to $13.75 billion or an increase of $100 million at the midpoint as compared to our prior guidance driven primarily by accelerating revenue synergies. We continue to expect to generate adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 45%, equating to an EBITDA range of $6.075 billion to $6.175 billion. With our improved outlook, successful refinancing and share repurchase to date, we are increasing our adjusted EPS guidance to $6.35 to $6.55 per share, representing year-over-year growth of 16% to 20% and an increase of $0.15 at the midpoint above our prior guidance. By all measures, this was a great quarter for FIS. The investments we’re making in driving strong new sales -- are driving strong new sales and accelerating our revenue growth profile. As a result, we remain confident in meeting or exceeding our increased outlook for 2021. I would like to thank our colleagues for their ongoing effort to drive FIS forward and to empower our clients to succeed. Operator, would you please open the line for questions?
Operator: Your first question is from the line of Dave Koning with Baird.
Dave Koning: Yes. Congrats on the momentum.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Dave.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Dave.
Dave Koning: And I guess, first of all, the banking wins continue to be really, really good. And I’m just wondering, how do we think about like the lag from the strong signings to hitting revenue? You’re already getting a lot of momentum from previous wins. But it seems like your pace is so much stronger now than before even. Does the current wins really help ‘22 and beyond or already in the back half? Or how do we think about that? And then is this high single digits a year from now revenue?
Gary Norcross: Yes. I think we’re really confident on what we’re seeing during the sales side. Bruce and his team are doing a fantastic job driving sales. You see us bringing -- he’s bringing a lot of new capabilities to the market. Modern banking platform has been very successful. That’s why we’re very confident that these onboardings are going to continue to accelerate our growth from here throughout 2021 and to 2022. I’ll remind you, a lot of these sales, in fact, almost all of them, are just highly SaaS-enabled solutions in our cloud. So the reality is, as growth and demand grows, as new capabilities roll out on all these wins, you’ll continue to see our revenue growth accelerate here. So we can’t be more pleased with where the banking segment is. We’ve made a huge investment in banking over the last several years with new product, data center consolidation, cloud enablement, et cetera, and seeing the results of that in market now as we speak.
Dave Koning: All right. And then I guess just as a follow-up, in the Merchant segment, Q1, I was just looking at the revenue, it was about 103% of Q1 of ‘19. And I guess I’m wondering, Q2, when you say 30% to 35% growth, do you mean ex the tax shift last year? Because if that’s right, then Q2, there’s momentum to a higher percentage of revenue relative to Q2 of ‘19. I just want to make sure that 30% to 35%, what the base revenue is for that.
Woody Woodall: Yes. Within the 30% to 35%, Dave, you’re right, the tax shift is probably 3 to 4 points of benefit in there. Certainly, we saw April volumes in excess of the 30% to 35%. So we’re trending well there. Obviously, where we’re at, we feel like we’re getting our hands around our ability to project into the future. But there’s still a little bit of uncertainty there. So we feel very confident in the guide that we gave for 2Q that we can meet or exceed that guide. And that’s how we think about the 30% to 35%.
Dave Koning: So is it off the -- 30% to 35% growth off of Q2 last year? Because that puts you a little bit below the 103% that -- of the 2-year ago stack. Is there a reason for that?
Woody Woodall: Yes, it’s off the 2Q number from last year. As we’ve talked about, we’ve got about 3 to 4 points of benefit from that tax shift from last year. And then we’re seeing very good results into April, and we wanted to make sure we produced a guide that we could meet or exceed, Dave.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Great quarter. I also want to go back to sort of the steady drumbeat of large bank wins that you had and ask sort of is the sales cycle shrinking now as prospects realize that they must act with urgency? Can you give us some inside baseball of what these deal discussions look like maybe?
Gary Norcross: Yes, Ashwin, I’ll let Bruce take that one.
Bruce Lowthers: Good morning, Ashwin. When we think about the sales cycle, what I would say is that the actual sales cycle that we have is relatively consistent on the days in the sales cycle to close. What I would say has changed a little bit is that the mindset and the view of where the market’s moving towards. And so you’re seeing a lot more people pre-sales cycle kind of making those determinations on their own, and that’s really accelerating the whole process for us. And so I think you’ll continue to see this. Our pipeline is very robust around this area and look forward to continuing to see this accelerate as we move forward.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it, Bruce. So the second question is on Merchant Solutions. Obviously, you guys mentioned here some strength incrementally going into April. Would that also include the UK given the high rate of vaccinations over there? Is that market opening up and sort of what the sequential benefit of that might perhaps incrementally look like, if you could break that down?
Woody Woodall: Yes. We’re certainly seeing volume growth coming back. April’s benefit was about 40% or so in terms of total transaction and volume growth that we saw, which is in excess of the 30% to 35%. The blend of that, obviously, is a little higher internationally, actually. So as you see some of the openings happening, we believe international and the U.K. will actually be an incremental benefit in Q2 compared to the U.S. But obviously, as restrictions and reopenings continue to move forward, we’re seeing very strong growth across both U.S. and international operations and expectations.
Operator: The next question is from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen.
George Mihalos: Congrats on some very solid results here.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, George.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
George Mihalos: Of course. I just wanted to delve in a little bit on the dynamic between the revenue growth and the volume growth, which, again, you’re sort of getting that positive mix shift on the yield. Just looking at that delta, exiting March, I’m just curious, you had some, obviously, underperforming verticals. That benefit in April, is that really being driven by verticals like hospitality coming back? And just curious how much of a contribution or how much of an improvement are you seeing in, say, a vertical like travel that has been under a lot of duress since 2020?
Woody Woodall: Yes. Travel overall continues to be in duress, still down around 60%. But what we are seeing is retail and restaurants, for example, opening back up. We’re seeing the yield dynamics that we talked about being a tailwind for us continuing into the second quarter and believe will be a tailwind for the full year. We anticipate volumes for the full year to be roughly high single digit to low double digit. And obviously, we’ve guided to revenue growth of mid to high teens. So you’re seeing yield dynamics that will benefit the entire year. The exit rate of plus 5% in the last week of March. The April, what we’ve seen so far, and our expectations for Q2 would be higher, obviously, than that 5% positive yield. And we think that trend will continue over the course of the year.
George Mihalos: Okay. Great. So it sounds, again, like that travel benefit is still very much ahead of you. You really haven’t seen much of any benefit in April. Just as a quick follow-up as it relates to sort of the debit processing business. Just curious, the DOJ suit against Visa, has that changed any of the dynamics for you guys as it relates to NICE and those sort of products? Or is it sort of business as usual from a competitive standpoint?
Gary Norcross: Yes. For us, George, it’s been business as usual from a competitive standpoint at this point. You see what -- our issuing business did extremely well. And I think Woody talked about it being up 10%. I highlighted in my prepared remarks the takeaway on the new PaymentsOne platform. We’re seeing great growth through our NICE network. But I think the team has done a nice job of presenting our value proposition. And so for us, we’re just continuing to compete in the market and take share.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: Nice job on the quarter. When we look at that spread, just to follow up on the revenue and volume print in Merchant, is there any way to give us a sense of what the normalized spread could be going forward longer term, especially with this new mix that we’re seeing with more digital, more e-com? And I guess on that note, I didn’t see a data point on e-com growth specifically this quarter or what it was into April even relative to that very strong rebound or maybe just comment on e-com, integrated some of the other specific channels in Merchant.
Woody Woodall: Yes. I think if you go back historically, you would see roughly about 3 points of benefit from revenue yield over volume historically. I think once everything normalizes out, let’s call that 2022-2023, we would anticipate to continue to see some of that traditional yield over volume dynamic continue as we continue to provide capabilities in market. If you look at e-com itself, e-com growth in the first quarter ex travel and airlines was about 45%; and inclusive of travel and air, was about 25%. So very strong growth in e-com, very good sales. I think Gary mentioned about 80 wins in the quarter. We’re seeing a lot of momentum in that area right now.
Gary Norcross: Yes, Darrin, I mean, the team has done a great job of just retooling the whole go-to-market. Obviously, we had some big programs that we had to get completed with the Worldpay integration, the NAP completion and migrations completely behind us. When you look at everything we’re doing on the gateway and fully launched, and you see how quickly our new gateway is ramping up and with the changes Bruce and his team has made in the go-to-market, I mean, we had great sales not only in e-com, but I mean, we had great sales across our integrated channels, our banking channels, our large enterprise and feel really great about what that’s going to do as far as accelerating revenue growth in that Merchant channel.
Darrin Peller: That’s great to hear. We’ve had pretty good checks on Access Worldpay, too, on our side. When we look at the banking wins, just a quick follow-up, is you’ve invested so much over the past couple of years in terms of engineering and skill set around implementing those new large contracts. And now that you have new big ones like a BMO coming on, what are your expectations in terms of timing for onboarding? Is it -- has it improved now versus what it was, let’s say, last year? And then the margin -- the incremental margin for these coming on, is it a little bit easier to scale?
Gary Norcross: Yes. We’ve talked about this on a lot of calls, Darrin. But I mean, it’s really the complexity of day 1 implementation that’s going to drive time line. So some of our customers that we’re signing are coming on with a new capability or a new product day 1. Obviously, that launch can accelerate very, very quickly. The great news on that is then once you launch that solution, you’ll start bringing additional products on across the deposit side of the retail bank, and then you’ll move into lending, as we’ve talked about in the past. So you think about these large wins, it’s not only what you’re getting in revenue stream on the day 1 launch but how that revenue stream is going to accelerate over the coming years, which is why we’re so excited about it. But the implementation time line still is determined a little bit by the overall complexity of the day 1 launch. And the team has done a remarkable job of automating these new technologies. Historically, where certain things might have taken weeks or months in the past where literally you’ve got them now to days or hours with automation, standing up new environments, et cetera. So the investments, to your point, that we’ve made in these newer technologies, they’ve really put us on a differentiated playing field in the market. And as Bruce talked about earlier, we’re now starting to see the demand get generated from within the client. So now they’re realizing they’ve got to make a move. I mean the environment’s got to change. They have to embrace cloud. They’ve got to embrace cloud-native technologies in order to compete, to get their cost structures in alignment, to compete with the new disruptors. So we’re in a really good position in -- especially in the large bank market.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. If I could just add on to Gary’s comment. To your -- Darrin, to your question about the investment, we have really modernized our infrastructure, our technology infrastructure. We then focused on our applications, and we’ve got a host of award-winning platforms, as Gary has talked about, MBP certainly being one of them. And now as our team kind of pivots and continues to really focus on accelerating everything that we’re doing on the business processes aspect. So when you talk about things of just code deployment, for example, Now when we deploy code, 95% of that is automated versus what it was just a couple of years ago. So the team is really focused on getting faster and accelerating that revenue as we bring clients on board.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI.
David Togut: Good to see the guidance increase and the strong bookings growth.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, David.
David Togut: Yes. Looking at the second half for Merchant Solutions, can you talk through your expectations for U.K. reopening since heritage Worldpay was almost 100% UK-based? And also the return of travel and airline in the back half of this year?
Woody Woodall: Yes. We certainly -- even thinking in Q2, you’ll see some of the U.K. reopenings benefiting that 30% to 35% growth, our expectation around international growth, which would include U.K. is higher, particularly in the second quarter. For the remainder of the year, we have forecasted some improvement in travel and airlines. But I would tell you, we still think it’s going to be diluted compared to where it was in 2019 and do not anticipate that full recovery until sometime into 2022. We lapped a good bit of travel and air this quarter. We’ll lap more of it in the second quarter. And then I actually think we’ll see it return closer to normal, but that will be probably 2022 before we get there, David.
David Togut: Got it. And is most of that travel -- is that mostly domestic? Or is there a good portion of cross-border in there as well?
Woody Woodall: There’s a good portion of cross-border in there, and that’s particularly where the higher yields are.
David Togut: Got it. Just a quick final question. In Capital Markets Solutions, the 3% revenue growth is against your toughest compare since you were up 7%, I believe, in Q1 of 2020. So there seems like there might be some upward potential on the guide, the low- to mid-single-digit organic as the compares get easier and you roll on some of the new bookings. Is that an accurate read?
Woody Woodall: A couple of thoughts there. They have got off to a fast start program. So we saw a little bit of some second quarter activity pulled into the first quarter. We were pleased with that. Beyond that, we do anticipate second quarter to still being in the low to mid-single digits and then the remainder of the year, third and fourth quarter to pace mid-single digits or higher, David, getting us to sort of the higher end of that low to mid-single-digit guide we talked about in my prepared remarks but feel very good about acceleration into the back half of the year this year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jason Kupferberg with the Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: Woody, I just wanted to pick up on your comment that you guys are expecting high single-digit to low double-digit volume growth in the Merchant segment this year. And I guess if I just look at the first 4 months of the year, just trying to piece together the math from the slide in the deck as well as your comments on April, it seems like you’re up maybe about 17% through the first 4 months of the year. So just the high single to low double, especially with some easy comps still ahead of you seems potentially conservative. So I just wanted to check that math and see if you’re just simply taking a prudent approach early in the year in terms of the full year forecast.
Woody Woodall: I think that’s right, Jason. It’s difficult to forecast volumes for the full year in the first quarter particularly in the backdrop that we’re working in. The real comment was around we believe we’ll continue to see positive revenue yield over the course of the year. And then the volumes will be what the volumes are, ultimately. But we’re certainly seeing that improvement. The revenue yield trend that was a headwind last year will be a tailwind the entire year this year and just gives us confidence in our mid- to high-teens revenue growth even this early in the year.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. One of the metrics that really got my attention was that the e-com sales being up 2x year-over-year. And I’m wondering if there’s a material contribution to Merchant revenue growth this year from those sales. Or is that more of a 2022 event?
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. This is Bruce. The team has done a phenomenal job, really kind of accelerating our sales process around that. You can see the e-com business as a whole continues to accelerate. I think when we look at this year, we see growth from our historic CAGR of our growth rate to where we’re going to be this year. So we feel that, that will contribute a little bit this year and into ‘22.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays.
Ramsey El-Assal: Great to see the outperformance this quarter. I wanted to ask about the full year guidance raise. It looks like you raised full year revenue synergies in the year by about $200 million but you raised overall revenue guidance midpoint by just about -- at the midpoint by just about $100 million. So I was just curious how you’re thinking about the contribution from core this year versus revenues and that guidance raise. It feels like conservatism to me but I just wanted to ask if there were any callouts in terms of the contribution from those 2 sources.
Woody Woodall: If you think about the incremental $200 million that we raised today, I would tell you, it does ramp over the course of the year. The in-year impact of that is probably -- our estimate is about $60 million to $75 million from revenue synergies specifically. And then obviously, we’re seeing operating performance that’s helping as well. That’s what allowed us to pull the bottom end of the range up a little higher at the top end of the range up as well to that midpoint of $100 million you described. But it will ramp over the course of the year in terms of revenue synergies, and we call it in-year contribution of $60 million to $75 million, probably towards the higher end of that.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it. Okay. So the ramp is the differential there. I also wanted to ask about the crypto banking effort, which I think is really fascinating. And could you comment a little bit on the demand environment there in terms of your clients looking to offer those types of services? And also maybe comment on whether you are contemplating offering acceptance of crypto on the merchant side of your business at some point.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. So a great question on the crypto. I think as we look at it, this is something that has built a lot of demand in the marketplace, and there’s a lot of interest, and our institutions are inquiring about it and how do they meet the needs of their customers. And so we feel this is a great offering in an emerging space, an emerging asset class. And we feel very good to kind of lead the market in offering this to them. I believe in Gary’s comments, we talked a little bit about on the acquiring space and our lead position there as well in -- around crypto. We have really have gotten out to a great start there and driving a lot of acceptance in crypto, and we would expect that, that will continue to drive a lot of growth for us as we move through the year.
Gary Norcross: Yes, Ramsey, just to build on that. I mean, to be real clear, we’ve seen crypto really move into an asset class, right, which is really, really a lot around investment, et cetera. And so the team has done a great job, I think, of positioning it. They’ll offer it to our financial institutions, and we’ve had, as Bruce just mentioned, a lot of demand there. And then whether it moves truly to a point of presentment currency, that remains to be seen. But to Bruce’s point, it’s just been a home run with these exchanges and where we’re acquiring and converting other currencies into crypto, and it’s really been a nice job by the team of identifying an emerging market and taking advantage of it, and as we highlighted today, finding hyper growth because of it.
Ramsey El-Assal: That’s great. It sounds like it might be a growth driver in capital markets as well at some point.
Gary Norcross: Yes, absolutely.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lisa Ellis with Matt Nathanson.
Lisa Ellis: I wanted to follow up on the comment on international expansion, the 9 new countries since the close of the Worldpay acquisition. That was one of the biggest synergies originally from the deal. Can you just elaborate a little bit more on your progress there, kind of what’s involved, what’s going well, less well than you expected, what’s sort of involved and what type of revenue growth or contribution you’re anticipating? How meaningful is this likely to be now over the next year or 2?
Bruce Lowthers: Yes, Lisa, I’ll jump in here first and let the guys add in. But as we articulated at the time of the deal now going back a couple of years, geographic expansion for us was really part of our strategy. It was part of -- it’s always been part of the strategy for us to accelerate our growth rate, follow our clients around the globe, and we continue to do that and we continue to accelerate our expansion into these geomarkets. I think one of the great things the team has done is really, across our organization, working with our risk team, our legal teams. They’ve really put a playbook together of getting into these markets. And so I would expect to see us continue to move through the geographic expansion, and that will absolutely contribute to the acceleration of our growth. As I kind of just mentioned, when we look at the Merchant business, And we look at the organic growth from a historical CAGR perspective, we absolutely see our organic growth accelerating as we look into ‘21 and going into ‘22.
Gary Norcross: Yes. I’ll just build on a little bit, Lisa. I mean when you look at our raise on the revenue synergies with the Worldpay integration, you see the significant contribution that all of our strategies are producing. And as you mentioned, at the start of this, we really felt confidently that, with the combination of Worldpay, FIS’ expertise in these global countries could allow us to expand quite rapidly, and I think you’re seeing that. And when you look at where we are just even on the e-com business and our new sales, our ability to launch in these new countries, bring e-commerce capabilities as a day 1 stepping point and think about our global nature of our clients in e-com, we talked about on multiple calls the enterprise nature of those customers, they’re seeing that as an opportunity because now we’re opening up new markets for them. And then as they open up those new markets as well, we capture that volume. So it’s really a win-win combination of us absolutely penetrating into those markets but also taking our global companies on an e-com basis into that, and as they grow, we grow. So, it’s certainly a contributor to our revenue synergies. And as you see, we’re raising that again on this call. So feel really good about how all this is coming together.
Lisa Ellis: Okay. Yes, good. And a quick follow-up for me is just on RealNet, the network of networks for real-time payments, pretty exciting. Can you -- and I know this is an area you guys have always been on the forefront of. Could you just describe in more detail like what RealNet will enable you to do that you haven’t been able to do before or that’s differentiated from what others can do around money movement around the world?
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. Lisa. Thank you. I was hoping someone was going to ask, so.
Lisa Ellis: A network of networks. How can we resist?
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. So really excited about this as we look at kind of new opportunities and kind of adjacent markets, things that we really want to expand and grow on. When I look at RealNet, I think of it more in the construct of kind of payments orchestration. So it allows us to really connect different networks, different payment rails on a global basis. And I think this is something that we’re going to be very excited. So, whether it’s connecting to central banks’ real-time payment infrastructures, from country to country to card networks, to different delivery mechanisms for payments, we feel there’s really a need there and an opportunity for us to step in and orchestrate payments in the most optimal way for our clients. And so we’re very excited about this. We think that the use cases are going to be really substantial as we move forward. And I think our team, as you know, has been involved in kind of real-time payments, certainly over the last decade. And we have a lot of expertise in here. But bringing really that concept of payments orchestration to a network of networks is really unique and an exciting opportunity for the company.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho.
Dan Dolev: Guys, great results.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Dan.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Dan.
Dan Dolev: So really quickly, you mentioned April volumes, I think, 40%. Can you maybe give us some sense of the revenue trends in April? And then I have a follow-up.
Woody Woodall: Yes. We hadn’t closed out April from a revenue perspective here is the first of May. But I would think they’re going to continue to flow higher, obviously, than the volume profile. We’re seeing good yield dynamics over the course of April. It will flow all the way through into the second quarter where we think yield dynamics will significantly outpace volumes for the second quarter for sure. But that’s how we’ve been thinking about it. The yield dynamics continue to flow in excess and the overall volume dynamics continue to be robust through April.
Dan Dolev: Great. And then maybe just to touch on that, what is kind of the yield assumption embedded in the second quarter guidance?
Woody Woodall: Yes. I think we’re looking at double-digit yield assumption in the second quarter guide compared to volume.
Bruce Lowthers: As a positive yield.
Woody Woodall: Positive yield.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Craig Maurer with Autonomous Research.
Craig Maurer: Wanted to ask about the gaming space in the U.S. We’re seeing a significant ramp in approvals, states legalizing it. I know Vantiv digital entertainment historically has had a very strong position in that market. So I was curious how you see growth evolving in the domestic market there and how you see the legacy product or what might be a new product comping against what seemed to be at least 2 notable new entrants into the domestic space?
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. So the gaming space is, as you said, it’s one we’ve played in historically and done very well in. And we continue to see that opportunity in front of us is a very good opportunity. When we look at the things that we’re doing around our platform, whether it be the Access Worldpay, we feel that we’re positioned very well. What I would say is the gaming market, as everyone knows, and you alluded to in your question, it has come along slower and it is finally starting to kind of accelerate here domestically. We have a great gaming business internationally. We have a lot of assets to bear there. And so I think we’re prepared well to compete and compete very well here domestically as it starts to unfold.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jamie Friedman with Susquehanna.
Jamie Friedman: Great results here. Gary, I was wondering if you might share any view on bank IT budgets for 2021. Is that not how you look at it? Do you see rising end demand? Or are you kind of making your own weather?
Gary Norcross: No. I think it’s a combination of both. I think we’re catching a tailwind on -- with -- because there is some rising demand, especially in digital enablement and self-service and in modernization. And so we’re in a really good spot in the upper bank market. In the lower end, we continue to see some consolidation but we tend to be the benefactor there as well. But we are seeing growing IT spend as people are coming out of the pandemic. And -- but that IT spend is positioned on where we’ve made investment, which is cloud-native technology. So whether it’s -- we highlighted PaymentsOne and the success, about 300 new financial institutions onboarding that platform in the last year, you look at what we’re doing in Digital One in the movement of customers there and launching the NYDIG arrangement there or you go to monitor banking platform and look at the success and the size and scale of those. So, I think we’re well positioned in an increasing spend but -- because the spend is focused where we’ve made investments over the last 3 to 4 years. So we’ve got really good timing on the market and feel really good about it.
Operator: Your next question is from Kartik Mehta with the North Coaster Research.
Kartik Mehta: Gary and Woody, I just wanted to get your perspective on the Merchant business and FIS as a whole. You’ve obviously made a lot of inroads in 2020. And I’m wondering, as you look at the margin profile for the company as we come out of the pandemic, does that -- is the change from when you originally thought what it was going to be considering all the changes you’ve been able to make?
Woody Woodall: No, I’d say no, not directly. We anticipated to be able to drive really good margins all the way back to the Worldpay combination inclusive of synergies and operating leverage within the business. I think that’s proving out. It’s really around getting our volumes back and continuing to execute on that long-term strategy. So we feel really good about the margin profile and our ability to continue to drive margins on a go-forward basis through operating leverage and new capabilities. So, I wouldn’t say it’s a significant change.
Gary Norcross: Yes. That’s where I was going to go. I mean not only we’re going to hit exactly what we thought or even exceed that where with regards to the combination. I mean, the team is doing a very nice job of now moving into the next round. Bruce talked earlier about how much faster we’re moving, and it’s really all through automation. So as you think about the next chapter of where we’re taking technology, we’re now taking advantage of all those historical investments. So our ability to expand margins even further in the coming years, we’re very comfortable with. And we talked about that on the last call, about pushing our margins even higher in 2022 and beyond just due to all these other automation and AI-type utilizations and new technology. So we feel really good about the positioning and the outcomes.
Kartik Mehta: It seems like the company is really well positioned to drive margins higher. And then just one last question. Have you seen a change at all in the competitive nature on the Merchant side? I didn’t know if the pandemic had created maybe a more competitive environment or if the environment is about the same.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. If I can jump in there. What I would say is the merchant space, over the course of the history, has been always been a very, very competitive space. Just like our banking space, just like capital markets. So what I would say that has kind of emerged has been that pandemic has created a catalyst, if you will, an accelerant to the marketplace. And as we look at it, we look at the subsegments that have kind of emerged within the merchant vertical, and there’s people that have emerged in those subsegments and are competitive in those subsegments. We play exceptionally well in the enterprise commerce space. That’s the large-scale complex stuff that Gary talked about just a moment ago, that is a multi-country type of transactions. We’re playing exceptionally well and very, very competitive in those spaces. There are some of these subsegments that historically, we hadn’t played in that have emerged. And now we’re looking at them, and we view those as TAM expansion opportunities for us. And so we’re very excited about moving into some of these and being competitive and playing in these markets.
Operator: Your final question is from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: I know you’ve covered a lot already. I wanted to ask with -- on the Merchant side, now that you have a new acquiring platform and you finished up the NAP migration, I’m just curious if that allows you to sort of change your sales motion and maybe be a little bit more aggressive or go-to-market a little bit differently here, I’m assuming, at least we’re hearing, that there’s quite a lot of merchant activity or interest in consolidating vendors. So I’d love to get your perspective on that.
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, I think -- I’ll let Bruce build on. But Tien-Tsin, I think it absolutely allows us to lean forward on the balls of our feet more. I mean those were major programs that we had to get complete when we did the Worldpay combination. We knew that. We had to finish building out the NAP acquiring platform. We had to migrate all of the clients. Bruce talked about the success, and I did as well, of Access Worldpay. And now you’re starting to see it in the sales engine. In fact, given the demand that we’re seeing, in our prepared remarks, we talked about adding 300 more salespeople just to the merchant business. And so that could give you the indication or not the demand we’re seeing and the confidence we have in our capabilities to compete and win share. And you’ve seen a great result of that over the last -- not only in Q1 and our sales success going back to Q1 ‘19, but we also saw it ramping in Q4. So I do think more and more large enterprise merchants are consolidating down to single providers. And when you get to our capabilities, our ability for the ease of access, the multicurrency, the multi-country, all on a unified, most modern platform in market, we feel great about where we are.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. The point I would just kind of underscore there that Gary brought out is as the market continues to mature around commerce and having a broad solution set, we play very well in that space. And it’s really a strength for us. So the market is really moving towards us. And so we think there is going to be an acceleration in the sales motion there.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Great. No, that’s encouraging. Just I have to ask also just lastly, Gary, for you on the M&A front. We’ve seen in some -- it seems like bank JV activity is picking up, seeing some consolidation as well and capital raising on the private side, too. So is your appetite here a little bit differently -- different than, say, 90 days ago? Just what’s your thinking here on doing acquisitions?
Gary Norcross: It’s always a great question. We always look at it very hard. As you guys know, M&A is always going to be an important part of our strategy to help drive scale and new capabilities, and we’ve gone through that on every call. Our appetite’s really not changed from where we were last quarter. We still think properties are really pricey in market. We are having great success organically with our sales engine. Woody highlighted the amount of stock buybacks we did in Q1. We still see the our stock price is undervalued. So we think the best company, obviously, to buy right now is ourselves. So -- but we’ll continue to watch the market, and we’ll continue to look for opportunities that can bring us new capabilities or that makes sense financially and the timing works and cultural lines. But -- and as long -- if we can find that, we would still be willing to do some M&A. But I don’t think our viewpoint on it has really changed since Q1 at all, and you’re going to continue to see us lean heavily into paying down our debt, increasing our dividend and buying back shares, all while investing in transformation and as we drive into our growth curve.
Operator: At this time, that is all for questions. I will now turn the conference back to Gary Norcross.
Gary Norcross: Thank you. And I want to provide some closing thoughts as we end the call. We are emerging from the pandemic with an even stronger competitive position than when we entered it. Our ongoing commitment to growth and innovation is unwavering, and we will continue to enhance our value proposition by continuous modernization of our platforms and delivering new capabilities to the market. Our achievements and success are built on the dedication and hard work of our colleagues, clients and communities. We rely on these key stakeholders to continue advancing commerce in the financial world. Together, we will win as one team and deliver on our commitments. In closing, I’d like to thank you for your investment in FIS, and our colleagues who are delivering value to our clients each and every day. We appreciate your support. If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, then please contact our Investor Relations team. Thank you. Stay safe and goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-09 15:16:17) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the FIS Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised, that today's conference is being recorded. .
Nathan Rozof: Thank you. Good morning. And thanks to everyone for joining us today for the FIS fourth quarter and full-year 2020 earnings conference all. The call is being webcasted. Today's news Today's news release, corresponding presentation, and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. Gary Norcross, our Chairman, President and CEO; will discuss our operating performance and share our strategy to continued accelerating revenue growth and maximizing shareholder value. Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial Officer; will then review our financial results, and provide forward guidance. Bruce Lowthers, President of Banking and Merchant Solutions; will also be joining the call today for the Q&A portion. Turning to Slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share and free cash flow. These are very important financial performance measures for the company but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information are presented in our earnings release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Gary, who will begin his remarks on Slide 5.
Gary Norcross: Thank you, Nate. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to announce our fourth quarter and full year results starting on Slide 5. 2020 was an unprecedented year for the world and for FIS. With the COVID-19 pandemic impacting the world on a human as well as on economic level. Despite the extraordinary year, we leveraged our scale and resources to keep the global economy running while delivering solid results. We generated $12.6 billion dollars in revenue as our balanced solution portfolio allowed us to offset weaker consumer spending trends with strong demand for our Banking Capital Market Solutions. As we close out 2020, all three of our business segments ended the year with record annual sales. Continue to improve that our solutions and technologies are winning share around the globe. Our backlog grew 7% organically to $22 billion. This gives us exceptional visibility into our future growth trajectory and drives our confidence in accelerating organic revenue growth for our Banking and Capital Market segments. From a merchant perspective given the accelerating rollout of COVID vaccines globally and improving trends and economic indicators, we are confident we will see strong merchant revenue acceleration throughout 2021. Our team continues to execute at the highest level as demonstrated by our ability to expand adjusted EBITDA margins by 120 basis points for the full year, despite near-term COVID challenges. We also made great progress with the Worldpay integration remaining well ahead of plan and exited the year generating more than $200 million in revenue synergies, and more than $750 million in cost synergies. With this impressive momentum, we are excited to build on our strengths as we look ahead to accelerating organic revenue growth in 2021.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Gary. And thank you all for joining us. Starting on Slide 11, I will touch on our 4th quarter results before transitioning to our forward guidance. We remain excited about the trajectory of our Banking and Capital Market segments and look forward to significantly rebound in growth in our merchant segment as global economies reopen. On a consolidated basis, organic growth was flat during the fourth quarter and adjusted EBITDA margins expanded by 60 basis points to generate adjusted EPS of $1.62. We expect to exit 2021 generated $400 million of run rate revenue synergies based on strong client demand for our premium payback solution, growing distribution with new bank referral partners as well as geographic expansion and cross sell initiatives across the enterprise. These revenue synergies will help supplement our organic revenue growth profile giving us increased confidence in achieving 79% organic revenue growth on a sustained basis. We also have line of sight to execute an additional $100 million of operating cost synergies, bringing net total to $500 million exiting 2021 or 125% of the original OpEx target.
Operator:  Our first question will come from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for sharing some of the Merchant volume data. I think it clearly shows that there is no signs of market share loss here. But I wanted to actually start with the question on the banking segment, obviously it's still your largest segment. And I wanted to just get a sense of your conviction level in the growth acceleration path for Banking during this year, what are the potential risks there and any year-over-year comp issues around termination fees or other dynamics, we should be aware of aside from obviously the lumpiness and the transaction based portion of that business?
Gary Norcross: Yes, Jason. Gary here. That's a great question. We're very confident and accelerating growth in the banking channel. It's clear, when you look at the backlog, you've seen acceleration over the last several quarters, which is a testament to our -- to the sales engine closing a business. So now as we enter into this year, it's really all about implementing that backlog and getting it stood up. I thought it was important to let everybody know that for example, the Modern Banking Platform, we had three deals already go live this year, which is a good testament of that platform. It's now end market processing. Obviously we've got a lot of sales behind that, that are in the implementation cycle and continue to progress. But we feel good about where we are, we're not, it's hard to predict termination fees at this point, but we see no indications that we're going to challenge this with termination fees or growing over a termination fee. So I think it's just going to be good execution on behalf of Banking through the implementation channel. Obviously, we want to continue to have our sales engine, continue to add into that backlog, so that growth acceleration maintains going into 2022, but we feel good about 2021.
Woody Woodall: Jason, to add a little color on the cadence of the year. We anticipate Q1 to continue to accelerate off of Q4 and continue to see solid growth each quarter over the course of 2021.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. And then just for my follow-up, Woody, just maybe two clarifications for you. First off, have you factored any of the share buyback into the EPS guidance for the year, because it looks like the full-year share count outlook is actually up from what you just reported. And then could you just run us through the first quarter segment level growth expectations. Thanks, guys.
Woody Woodall: Yes. We have not factored in share repurchase into the EPS, that's an upside opportunity as we go into market over the course of the year. We think we'll be in market over the entire span of 2021. And we'll continue to pay back debt as well to meet year-end leverage below three turns, but anticipate absolutely driving share repurchase over the course of the year and if not in the EPS guide right now, Jason. Along with the segment guide, you're looking at capital markets, having a difficult comp in Q1 and then seeing significant growth over the remainder of the year, we anticipate merchant revenue to be roughly flat for Q1 this year with accelerating growth, heavy acceleration in Q2 and ongoing acceleration as we lap COVID pandemic comps.
Jason Kupferberg: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from George Mihalos with Cowen. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos: Hey, good morning, guys and thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to start off with sort of high level question maybe for Gary and for Bruce. And that's just when you look at the banking segment and you highlighted cloud-native technology that you're going to market with, maybe you can just kind of explain to us cloud-native versus cloud-enabled, what does that differentiate for you in the eyes of your customers, what are you able to deliver, whether it be faster or more of that would be a differentiator. And then maybe related to that, as you look at the landscape of newer competitors in the market, has that changed at all in terms of the competitive landscape and maybe their ability to sort of move upstream to larger customers?
Gary Norcross: Yes, George. A great question and I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Bruce. I think you're hitting a very important point. We were well ahead of the cloud migration as you remember going back five years ago, where we started moving and enabling our capabilities in the cloud and taking advantage of that. And the advantage in the market was certainly resiliency, availability, speed, etcetera. A big advantage to us was lowering our overall cost. We then started three years ago of building cloud-native applications to sit on the technology framework. And what you're seeing there is a totally different paradigm shift and you are starting to see some start-ups in the market, but I would say we're well ahead, whether it's our Modern Banking Platform, our Code Connect platform, Our Digital One all of those are about enabling speed, lowering overall cost being able to deploy in more componentized architecture and really take advantage of the cloud.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes, I would just add on. I think it's right. It's been an evolution for us over the last few years, as Gary just stated. And the benefit for us has been able to drive more product into market and you can see those new products coming to market are fueling our growth rate.
George Mihalos: That's great color. Just a quick follow-up on the M&A side. Gary, there are a lot of assets out there. Is FIS willing to do sort of a larger acquisition that will accelerate revenue growth, but might be dilutive to earnings over the near term and then just how are you thinking about targets, whether they be on the merchant side or the banking side?
Gary Norcross: Yes, I think it's a great question. And I think Woody tried to address that and some of the capital allocation in the prepared remarks. As you think about it M&A is going to continue to be important pillar in our strategy. We're going to continue to look for things that will accelerate our growth further from where we are today. Large transformational M&A where we think we're extremely good at integrating those kind of companies. You see the success rate we've had now with well over $740 million of cost out of Worldpay and over $200 million in revenue at this point. So, we think there is a way to drive scale and drive complements to that. As we think about it, our aperture can be pretty wide. Our diversification of revenues, an important differentiator for us. You've seen us actually do very well against our peer group in the middle of a COVID, in the middle of the pandemic, which is all due to that diversification of revenue. So opening our aperture and looking for things that may be could drive those kind of benefits, I just described would be important. But we -- also to Bruce's point earlier given our investment in innovation, given our investment in technology, our ability to launch new product and capability, we don't have to do M&A, to continue to grow. But if we could find some that accelerates our growth, brings the necessary scale that we're looking for, additive scale, that's our ability to take out costs integrate that company absolutely we would do another M&A transaction.
George Mihalos: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: All right. Hey, thanks guys. Your margins targets are back to what you said they would be when you pretty much announced the deal with Worldpay at 45%. And so we get a lot of questions on where margin should be given the scale on operating leverage in the business combined with versus investments you're making. So I love to talk through, first of all, the areas of focus of investments you want to make this year. And then going forward, make sure we're still back on track Woody I think he said before or Gary, maybe you said earlier that you'd expand margins in years after. Is it back to that 50 to 100 basis points type model of margin expansion going forward? And then maybe again just really focusing on where you guys plan to layout incremental dollars for investments throughout this year and next?
Woody Woodall: Yes, thanks. I'll touch on the margin profile beyond 2021. You're right, we're seeing significant operating leverage in the business as we anticipated, as we see revenue rebound. Again that's roughly 300 to 350 bps. We are seeing incremental synergies driving us up another 150 basis points with some headwind across the short-term cost actions that we have within the operating leverage component there is some incremental investment there to drive the sustained growth. If you look beyond 2021 I think you're right, we're more back into a roughly 50 to 100 basis points a year of annual margin expansion that we feel good about based on ongoing initiatives operating leverage within the business and continued focus on cost initiatives to take cost out of the business long-term.
Gary Norcross: Yes, and let me add a little color on that, Darren. I mean if you think about our investment strategy, we obviously have concluded data center consolidation, which was very successful and we've talked about that a lot. Now it's our opportunity to really move to the next evolution of our technology. And so as Woody talked about, we'll be investing in our businesses not only a new product that actually Bruce brought up and deploying more new products faster in the market, which is going to be very important. We have a really unique opportunity to now start consolidating our platforms and getting significant cost down. So we're very confident and continue to accelerate that 50 bps and 100 bps beyond this year, all while maintaining what we would view is really industry-leading investment back in innovation and growth. And so we've been able to maintain that balance throughout the data center consolidation and we would expect that to be no different with this next wave, but very comfortable and continued margin expansion on an ongoing basis.
Darrin Peller: Okay. And just one quick follow-up to George's question before take away. When we think about M&A versus capital allocation, you guys obviously moved your thresholds to three turns at the end of the year for that, which gives you more flexibility on buybacks this year. Is that a signal that we're hanging tight a little bit on buybacks -- I'm sorry on M&A rather or I know you mentioned you're looking for potentially both types of growth you're talking, but also large transformational? What would you prefer, Gary, would it really be to do a large transformational given  is good at that or do you have any preference? Thanks, guys.
Gary Norcross: I think our preference would be the one that drives the most shareholder value at the end of the day, right? Something that fills the gap and our capability, brings the necessary scale that we would need in a particular area that we're focused on. I think that can be translated into whether it's tuck-in or large transformational M&A. I also would tell you we also, we've been pretty disciplined in our approach over the years, right. So this is not a company that has to do M&A, in order to continue to grow and accelerate. And you see that with our guide. When we did the Worldpay combination, we got into 79% growth. And this year we're going to be in that range and obviously, we feel comfortable we can maintain in that range going even into 2022 and beyond with margin expansion based on things we've talked about. So, we'll continue to look at things that makes sense for the company. Things that drive scale, things that fill in product, things that we see perhaps that market is moving in a direction where we think doing some type of M&A activity will be faster and thus building it ourselves, all of that will be taken into consideration and making sure that it drives the appropriate shareholder returns.
Darrin Peller: All right, that makes sense. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from David Togut with Evercore ISI.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning, Gary and Woody.
Gary Norcross: Good morning, David.
David Togut: Can you give us a sense of how you expect Q2 to Q4 to play out both in Banking in Merchant Solutions? When we think about the underlying drivers for example in merchant of yield, where you've been a little challenge given the pressure on the smaller merchants. So yield T&E, how that might play out through the year, particularly travel and any other factors for merchant? And then, taking through banking solutions. Can you give us a sense of when some of these big deals might convert by quarter, you called though $100 million in MBP revenue expected, and any thoughts on sort of demand in Banking Solutions on kind of the cross-sell and up-sell side would also be appreciated?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I'll touch on the cadence of the growth there, David. And then, we can touch on the MBP impact as well. We anticipate significant growth, particularly in Merchant, in Q2, as we lap with impacts. We anticipate the mix to flip the other way, as we've talked about before, and we see volumes coming back in the discretionary areas and in travel and airlines to improve. We certainly do not have travel and airlines at the same pre-COVID levels throughout 2021. We think it will take into 2022 before that actually goes back a 100%, but certainly see outsized growth expectations in merchant in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 of 2021. The remainder of the business, banking again we anticipate acceleration of Q4 into Q1 and then continue to see good solid growth in each quarter. And then Capital Markets we anticipate actually to accelerate over the course of the year with a difficult comp in the first quarter. And then second and third quarter to move on. If you think about the cadence of EPS for the year, as we've outlined the information around Q1 versus consensus estimates, obviously we think consensus estimates are a little too high for Q1. We think, Q2 and Q3 are roughly in line and Q3 is a little low. To give you sort of a full cadence of the year -- for -- Q4 were a little low, excuse me; so that's a little bit of there. MBP we have converted three customers that are live now. And we do anticipate it to drive $100 million of revenue in 2021 and we continue to work through the conversions of additional sales that we made throughout 2020.
Gary Norcross: Bruce, why don't you take that?
Bruce Lowthers: Just adding on to Woody's comment from a demand perspective, around the MBP in particular and banking as a whole. We continue to see excellent demand for MBP, as our qualified pipeline is doubled coming out of the year. And so, we really see a lot of activity in this space. Certainly in the large bank category. So, we feel very positive about continuing momentum in MBP. And then on the cross-sell, again I think as Gary mentioned early on in the call, it was a record sales year for the Group in Banking, actually in all three segments. And we are continuing to see a lot of opportunities and a lot of success really driving our synergy numbers as well. So a great pipeline for cross-sell.
Gary Norcross: Yes significant indicator of that, David, was I mentioned in the Top 100 financial institutions. We saw a 23% increase in cross-sell, that's significant for the, for the year. And continuing to see that from a pipeline standpoint. So obviously we've really differentiate ourself in the large end of the market in Banking. And that level of cross-sell given the product, new product capability that Bruce and the team are bringing online is, it continues to be very important indicator.
David Togut: Understood. Thank you very much.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Yes. Hey, guys, thanks so much. And I guess my first question just revenue last quarter, I think in merchant was down mid-single digits, it's kind of on a core normalized basis, and it went to negative 9, but volume actually accelerated from 2% to 4% and like you said that's very much market growth in volume. Why did that gap widen? Was there something in Q4 specifically that just that moved towards high -- away from high yielding merchants. Just kind of accelerated in that quarter?
Gary Norcross: Yes, I think, two things really rolled into the fourth quarter, Dave, where volume in non-discretionary continue to increase, which carries a lower yield as we described in the prepared materials. The combination of lower travel into Q4, which we saw even lower travel into Q4 and the very tight lockdown in the UK, which impacted retail and restaurant in the UK, certainly we saw impact from that in the fourth quarter that continues to show that separation. If you remember, we saw yields in the second quarter, move away from volumes. We saw those come back some in the third quarters as economy reopened. And then as you saw lockdowns go back in place in fourth quarter, we saw yields diverge again. So certainly a trend around that that we're seeing at this point can kind of predict and get some expectations around. I think at the end of the day, it's around when do the economies reopen and certainly either way we are going to lap the COVID items by the end of March this year, regardless. You're going to see easier comps over the remainder of the year. No matter how fast the vaccine.
Dave Koning: Got you. Thanks for that. And then the second question. This is kind of two parts, are both short. But what moved out of Banking and Capital Markets into corporate and then secondly margin by segment this year, our cap markets and banking kind of normal 50 bps to 100 bps of expansion and merchant up like 500 bps, 600 bps, is that kind of how we should think of it?
Woody Woodall: Yes, a couple of things in there. We did move a couple of things that are non-strategic force in the corporate and other. Think about look like in the ATM business, for example, the one area and then markets had a smaller piece that was put over in there. We anticipate either selling or winding down those businesses as they don't fit long-term strategically or structurally not as solid as a reminder of the business. It's about 3% of total revenue. It is anticipated the impact 2021 organic growth, a very small amount less than half a point. With regard to the margins, you're right we anticipate good solid margin growth in both banking and cap markets over the course of the year with obviously outsized margin expansion in the merchant business.
Dave Koning: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thanks so much. Good morning. You covered a lot of stuff here. I just wanted to ask about merchant. As the world reopens here and we see new business formation come back, do you feel confident, they have the right distribution channels to capture the shift in where the merchants are going, seems to be a shift for example to marketplaces and software led sales and integrated payments and that kind of thing. Do you think you have enough muscle in those areas as we reopen?
Gary Norcross: Tien-Tsin, I think it's a great question. I think we actually do have good muscle in that space. We've done a really nice job increasing our direct sales force. We also had a lot of success last year, increasing our partner-led sales. I mean a lot of our partner growth areas were up 4 times and 5 times over the prior years whether that's banking referral or even some of our ISD referral programs which will pay huge dividends to us going into the recovery. But I think we're well positioned to take advantage of it. We also have made a lot of investments in our technology as well, which really allows for more rapid onboarding of merchants. So all of those things would be a great indicators of us being in really good position on the recovery.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay, great. And just a quick follow-up, then just with all the retail trading going on that we've seen recently, any impact to your capital markets business and also just a clarification on the margin side, are we capturing an unusual amount of implementation cost this year on margin that you might get relief from next year, Just want to make sure I caught that, sorry for two quick follow-ups. Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I don't think you're seeing an impact on the trading side of any significance based on recent activity there. And then on the margin side, a number of those implementation dollars get capitalized in the balance sheet and amortize back off over time. So we're not -- we don't anticipate a significant lift up associated with that. It will be more in that normal 50 basis points to 100 basis points a year in ordinary course of operating leverage and focused cost reduction.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hi, thank you. So my question is first of all on overall growth. In 4Q talking about the 7 to 9 expectation, the organic expectation now is 8 to 9. And as I look at it is potential underlying improvements that the 4Q results which result in a two-based mining, there is -- you're excluding I think corporate now from the baseline definition and there is FX. So can you walk through the breakout of what changed? And as for the underlying improvements part of it, maybe perhaps you can even break down what's coming from better synergies versus net new sales?
Gary Norcross: Yes, I think you got a combination of things there Ashwin. First and foremost, the new sales we've been talking about from banking and the growth in the backlog is what's driving us to accelerating growth expectations in that segment into the mid to high single digits. We outlined ad accelerated expectation for Q4 and delivered on that. As I described earlier in the call, we anticipate continued acceleration over the remainder of the year. So that's pretty solid there. We've got a difficult comp in cap markets, but we anticipate accelerating growth into the mid-to-high, -- sorry, low-to-mid single digits in cap markets with accelerating growth over the remainder of the year. I think that is a combination of the SaaS story we've been talking about, where we're seeing more visibility into the revenue and less license sales and ongoing SaaS-based subscription type revenue in the capital markets group. And then merchant, obviously, we're looking at a COVID rebound as we lap comps and we continue to see economies reopen and some of the volumes come back. If you look at the corporate and other component, again, it's about 3% of overall revenue. The impact of that moving in there is less than half a point actually of 2021. So very minuscule impact, but we are going to look to monetize and/or wind down some of those things that just aren't going to be a strategic fit on a go-forward basis.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And then on the merchant piece, are you actually incorporating a second half rebound in travel, retail, restaurants, the discretionary part or is that kind of the upside on the range. And as that comes back, the flip of that question on the margin side is, could you talk a little bit about how we should think about yield progression through the course of the year?
Gary Norcross: Yes, we do anticipate some rebound on some of the discretionary verticals that we mentioned in the material. We do not see travel coming back 100% in 2021. We've got that kind of model back into 2022 being sort of back at pre-COVID levels. We certainly do anticipate restaurant and retail due to come back over the course of the year, with obviously seen Q2 probably with the highest level of growth, because it's the easiest comp based on what happened last year in Q2. So, yes, we have an expectation of it growing in there Ashwin, but I wouldn't say that that's what gets us to the high-end or the low end of the range, but it certainly is an area that we got to continue to monitor over the course of the year. But we do have modeled in obviously rebound from coming into Q2, Q3 and Q4 next year -- this year, excuse me.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Thank you for all the color, this is great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Matt O'Neill with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matt O'Neill: Yes, hi, good morning gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping we could follow-up on David's question a little bit more specifically on the Modern Banking Platform. CF3  that are now live and you're expecting $100 million in revenue for 2021, can you just parse for us, if the $100 million explicitly from those three that are live or does it incorporate additional wins that have been announced, but haven't yet gone live in that number. And then, can you also just give us a little bit of the high level kind of glide path talking about and just remind us again how you kind of get started with the modern banking win. And then what the longer term kind of cross-sell and up-sell opportunities look like, and if there's been any sort of traction with that obviously, understanding or we're only with three live and kind of in the first year here?
Woody Woodall: I'll take the revenue question and then let Gary and Bruce kind of chime in on the -- on model around it. With regard to the $100 million we talked about, certainly includes the three that are live now, but would also include some level of expectation of conversion over the course of the year of previous sales that we made throughout 2020. So there is a ramping, if you will, of the MBP over the course of 2021.
Gary Norcross: Yes, now, I think, that's exactly right. I mean, basically, if you look at the $100 million commitment, what we're seeing is a steady ramp over the year with implementations, well also as Bruce talked about, our backlogs more than doubled on that front. So being able to drive additional sales. The nice thing about the business being reoccurring in nature, you'll grow from there right going into 2022, so it will continue to accelerate with more pipeline being added. From a cross-sell standpoint, you want to take that, Bruce.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes, it's just like all of our core platforms that really is the center of a lot of our cross-sell activity. So MBP will follow that same trend where we have the opportunity to sell digital front-ends to the application and we'll have a whole suite of products. We have over 20 products on average with our core customers today. We expect that we'll be able to continue to drive new product into those MBP clients.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I mean, just to build on that, we talked about it in prior calls, our focus on the lending side over the next several years, we build these solutions in a very agile way as you would expect, being a modern technology being cloud-native. And so, the reality is, we did make our first drop on our unsecured lending. So we're starting to build out those capabilities. So that will also be a cross-sell opportunity in the back half of this year and going into 2022. But to Bruce's point keep in mind that becomes the center of all of our cross-sell to drive our back office services, some of our red-tag  capabilities and the list goes on and on and on. And as you've seen, last year we saw a huge increase once again in our top 100 cross-sells at 23%.
Matt O'Neill: Got it. Thanks very much. As a quick follow-up to that, are these predominantly from banks that had been in-sourced or competitive takeaways or a good mix?
Gary Norcross: Yes, right now early on we consistently see the early adopters and we want to make sure that, everybody understands, we're just getting started on this. Right. So as you start thinking about people really moving the cloud-native core banking, a lot of it has been either on in-house built systems or very, very old legacy technology today. What we're starting to see together in the pipeline is, as we get launch now with some of the customers, you've got another wave of people now really starting to evaluate existing technology there on that would be more, more modern in nature, but still not cloud-native and taking advantage of that. But the early adopters, have been primarily coming off more in-house developed systems are systems that are multiple decades old.
Matt O'Neill: That makes sense. Thanks so much. I'll hop back in the queue.
Gary Norcross: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Timothy Chiodo with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Timothy Chiodo: Thanks a lot for taking the question. We've covered a lot of great ground here. I want to see if we can shift gears over to Premium payback. So clearly that was one of the earlier and larger revenue synergies. It sounds like you're making great progress there. You've announced Walgreens, BP, PayPal. Maybe you could just give us a brief update on how that program is doing? Maybe size the revenue contribution expected for 2021 would appreciate any added context there?
Bruce Lowthers: Yes, this is Bruce. I'll just jump in on the overall program, and I'll leave kind of revenue to Woody, but the program itself continues to see a lot of positive momentum. So we continue to see a very, very strong pipeline. I think the only impact to premium has been through COVID right. So it is a transaction that is driven by retail purchase. So COVID is going to have some impact there. But we expect that product to really rocket forward and continue to move. It's really met as delight right, it's the customer's delight, the retailers delight, and the financial institutions. It's just a positive win for all three. There is very few products that kind of come to market that have that kind of success.
Woody Woodall: We haven't given a specific number around the product related revenue for competitive reasons, but I can tell you, it's built into the confidence level we have in the acceleration of revenue synergies up to $400 million exiting 2021 absolutely.
Timothy Chiodo: All right, great. And the brief follow-up is still related to Premium payback. Could you just talk a little bit about how that mix could evolve in terms of in-store and e-com clearly PayPal being a partner helps with that, but anything you could talk around how we could start to see that show up on websites, a little bit more?
Woody Woodall: Yes. So as we move forward with Premium payback, it really was not designed to be necessarily in store or online. It was really just about, as I said, a kind of a surprising delight for consumer that it shows up at the checkout and allows you to pay for a portion of your transaction through the points that you've aggregated. And it's really bringing financial assets that were hard to get access to and bring those to the consumer, allow them to monetize those assets that they've acquired over time. And so whether it's online through someone like PayPal or some of our e-com clients or in-store at the end of the day, it really doesn't matter. It just shows up at the point of sale or whatever that may be, whether it's your mobile phone or in-store, and again it's really the surprising delight that consumers love about it.
Timothy Chiodo: All right, great. Thank you for that context.
Operator: Thank you. And today's final question will come from Brett Huff with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff: Good morning, Gary, Woody, Bruce and Nate, hope you're all well?
Gary Norcross: Hey, Brett.
Nathan Rozof: Hey, Brett. We're doing great.
Brett Huff: Good. Two questions, one, I just want to make sure and all the commentary on the growth, Woody, that you gave us that kind of mid-point is call it 50 basis points above the long-term growth. I'm trying to sort through the puts and takes. I understand that some has moved into corporate and that may have given us a little benefit of growth. But also I'm trying to figure out where beyond that is the above kind of long-term growth. Is that more an easy comp, from a merchant point of view or is it more confidence in the Banking and Modern Banking Platform? As you guys sat and thought about how do we got, what dodged over the long-term kind of ranges, or mid-point and that's a little higher?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think, first of all, the impact of moving some stuff in the corporate and other was a less than half a point, it's not much at all in terms of our expectation. I would tell you that our confidence level is really in banking and the backlog around banking and seeing it accelerate. We've moved that up to mid-to-high single digits. And you saw 5% in Q4, we anticipate that accelerate into Q1. So I think that moving in the mid-to-high single digit is a good bit of the confidence. Previously too we have talked about cap markets in the low single digits. We've actually kind of moved that up slightly into low-to-mid single digits. So we anticipate cap markets to see better growth than historical this year as well. So, I think those are the two biggest items that have kind of moved our confidence level up from the 7 to 9 to 8 to 9 specific '21 guide versus outsized merchant. Merchant we just anticipate mid-to-upper teens and it could be higher than that if we see rebound faster. We don't anticipate anything below mid-teens out of merchant this year in any scenario that we have.
Brett Huff: Great. Just a bigger picture follow up. You guys talked a little bit about the need to continue investing organically, and Gary, you mentioned over the last few calls that dumping a lot of money into the modern banking platform that new SaaS technology, it seems like the price tag of competing effectively in bank tech and payments is going up. And so there is a bit of an arms race. As you guys think about the capital intensity of the business and that 50 basis points to 100 basis points kind of big picture, margin expansion, how do we balance participating in that arms race and winning an arms race along with still meeting to -- still wanting to drive some of those scale advantages and showing that margin expansion to investors?
Gary Norcross: Well, honestly, Brett. I think it's a great question. I think you know whether it's an arm race or not. I hope, what you're seeing is FIS is leading that. We started our cloud-based deployments five years ago. And at this point in time, we're well in excess of 70% of all of our compute now on the cloud, and that'll trend over 80% whole here over the first half of this year. If you look at our investment Woody highlighted almost $1 billion of capital a year. Keep in mind that is driving 60 new products in market, Modern Banking Platform, retooling our payments one initiatives, Digital One, cloud-native Omnichannel platform on deployment as well as all the things we're doing in Capital Markets in Merchant with our Access Worldpay gateway and others and also NAV conversion. So I think we're balancing it very well and we're doing that because these new technologies not only allow you to compete on the revenue front, they should and will drive cost out, right. If you're start driving true AI into your organization, you're going to eliminate costs. There's no way around it. If you automate, you're going to eliminate cost. And so our balance that we've done over the last several years as we went through the cloud migration that's now complete, we're doing the exact same thing with our platform rationalization as well as the exact same thing with new product launches, all while balancing. But we think we're in a really good position with about 8% of our revenue being deployed back in the Capital. Keep in mind, also as Woody talked about our free cash flow converting. We will have our debt competitive reloaded by the end of this year. No sense paying our debt structure down faster, so that you can give us additional capital to deploy across our strategy, whether it's increasing share buybacks, whether it's increasing M&A or whether it's increasing new product capabilities to continue to drive our organic revenue growth in those upper single digits and then moving from there.
Brett Huff: Great. I appreciate the perspective, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Gary Norcross: Thank you. I want to provide some closing thoughts before we end the call. While the one-year anniversary of the COVID-19 pandemic isn't something we may celebrate with joy, I strongly believe there are reasons to applaud our collective perseverance and our passion for standing up and doing what's right. In this same time period dominated by daily challenges of the virus, we stretched ourselves to evolve, to think, and deliver differently. At FIS, we took these challenges head-on and I firmly believe that we are a stronger, more resilient company from where we were a year ago. As the backbone to the global financial ecosystem, we ensure that transactions and accounts, continue to be processed 24/7, while we re-imagined our system implementation processes, enabling us to implement systems in a 100% virtual environment. We rapidly implemented a real time lending platform for our financial institution clients, streamlining and speeding the processing of more than 225,000 PPP approved loan under the CARES Act. So far in 2021, we've expanded our reach and successfully processed nearly $8 billion of PPP loan applications for more than 68,000 US merchants and small businesses. We also manage to rollout and distribution of expanded EBT benefits under snap and 28 US states and territories helping over 10 million children. Just as important, we double down on our commitments to support our communities by executing global get back programs, to know PP&E equipment and prepaid cards to support our front-line healthcare workers. We also recognize our responsibility to push for sustained social change both domestically and globally. As you have heard us mentioned before, increasing inclusion and diversity financial inclusion and climate change initiatives are important goals for all of us at FIS. Building an environment that enables our colleagues, clients, and communities to thrive demonstrates how we are leveraging our technology and innovation that scale to create lasting change that benefits everyone. To our colleagues, thank you for all your hard work and ongoing commitment to our clients, communities and each other. And for everyone else on the call thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing support. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to our Investor Relationship team. This concludes our Q4 earnings call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Nate Rozof, Head of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Nathan Rozof: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the FIS Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. The call is being webcasted. Today's news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com. Gary Norcross, our Chairman, President and CEO, will discuss our quarterly operating performance and share our strategy for continued accelerating revenue growth. Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial Officer, will then review our financial results, including our balance sheet, cash flow and segment-level trends.  
 Turning to Slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language.  
 Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share. These are very important financial performance measures for the company but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information are presented in our earnings release.  
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Gary, who will begin his remarks on Slide 5. 
Gary Norcross: Thank you, Nate. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I'm extremely proud of our third quarter results, which returned to positive organic growth for the quarter, an impressive results for our team, given the backdrop of a global pandemic. 
 We continue to sell new business, grow the top line, expand margins and generate exceptional free cash flow. Our strong performance demonstrates the durability of our unique business model and underscores our commitment to lifting our clients and communities. While others have been forced to retrench and preserve capital, we continue to invest for growth, bringing new solutions and services to our clients now.  
 This quarter alone, we launched several new solutions, including Access Worldpay, which is now the world's most advanced payments gateway; ClearEdge, a new subscription-based offering that enables community banks to run a highly efficient, modern bank while also benefiting from simplified pricing and contracting; Ethos is our innovative, new data ecosystem that provides clients with a unified view across our enterprise, powering data-driven insights and automating reporting. In addition, we partnered with The Clearing House to launch our new real-time payments managed service, which provides a complete turnkey service for financial institutions to quickly and cost-effectively connect to the United States' real-time payments network.  
 Even with all these new solutions, we continue to look beyond our own current capabilities to see what's next on the horizon for our clients. I'm pleased to announce that we recently completed our fifth annual Fintech Accelerator program, which was just named Best Fintech Accelerator by Finovate, and we launched our new FIS Impact Labs, both of which are focused on accelerating transformative innovation into the market. Now more than ever, our clients are embracing innovative technologies like these and our scalable end-to-end solutions are increasingly in demand.  
 We saw evidence of this demand from our recent InFocus client event, which was heavily attended and expanded its reach virtually this year to nearly 40 countries and which drove a 25%-plus increase in demand for FIS solutions. Our strong new sales performance has increased our backlog by 6% organically during the third quarter. And our pipeline is exceptionally strong, up more than 30% year-over-year as we continue to grow and win new business.  
 We are also adding our new sales opportunities for revenue synergies. As of the end of the third quarter, we are generating $150 million in annual run rate revenue synergies and we have $60 million more currently being implemented with our clients. This puts us in great shape to exceed our $200 million revenue synergy target before the end of the year. We clearly have the momentum to continue accelerating revenue growth through 2021 and to sustain high single-digit top line growth into the future.  
 Our ability to leverage our world-class scale is driving ongoing margin expansion. Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 340 basis points sequentially and 30 basis points year-over-year during the third quarter as we continue to harness the operating leverage inherent in our business. We remain focused on further enhancing our superior cost structure by driving automation, streamlining our organizational structure and generating expense synergies through our proven integration capabilities. 
 Our unique combination of durable revenue growth and persistent operating leverage enables us to generate exceptionally high levels of free cash flow. We will use our free cash flow to invest back into our business, both organically to delivering innovative solutions like the ones that I mentioned a few moments ago, as well as inorganically to expand into new high-growth segments of the market. This, in turn, will reinforce the momentum that we're building to drive continued growth acceleration.  
 Turning to Slide 6. People often ask me what's next for FIS and how their investments allow us to compete with disruptors. In order to answer that question, it's important to understand not only where we've been, but where we are going, what's new and what's next for FIS and most importantly, for our clients. It begins with the pathway to transformation that we started 5 years ago. We consolidated data centers and moved solutions to the cloud. We rearchitected our application stack to be modular and componentized while upgrading and integrating our enterprise tool sets. And we launched a dramatically more client-friendly approach to delivery and service.  
 Now we are leveraging our technology and expertise to leapfrog over inflexible point solutions using cloud-native open architecture to deliver digital omni-channel solutions that are simple to integrate and easy to navigate. In this way, we are helping our clients to quickly adapt to rapidly changing consumer expectations with innovative solutions that are fast, flexible and frictionless.  
 What you can expect to see next from our centers around our unique ability to tailor end-to-end experiences by connecting the global financial ecosystem in ways that only FIS can do. We serve each of our clients as a trusted partner by building new and unique capabilities to better solve their challenges. We then scale these new capabilities across our cloud-based environment for the benefit of all of our clients in a highly efficient and cost-effective manner. 
 This is the advantage of our unique business model. And we're just getting started. By investing approximately $1 billion annually in new product development and R&D, we are bringing tomorrow's innovation forward now. And by using our one-to-many model, we can continue to grow faster than the market, support our clients' needs and sustain their technology leadership.  
 I'll give you a few examples of how we are bringing together capabilities from across the business to create new and exciting growth opportunities on Slide 7. Case New Holland is a global leader in agriculture and industrial equipment. They have been a valued client with our capital markets business for the past 3 years, leveraging our auto and equipment finance solutions to deliver a robust and automated digital experience for its customers. They recently asked us to help them to drive data and insights as well as improved acceptance across their network of more than 900 dealerships. Now we're bringing capital markets together with merchant by partnering to drive frictionless payments.  
 Another great example is our Premium Payback solution, which enables consumers to pay for purchases with reward points. Demand is very strong from both our banking and merchant clients as there is a compelling value proposition for each of them as well as for the consumer. Thousands of financial institutions, representing more than 7,000 card loyalty programs, are enrolled in the FIS Premium Payback ecosystem. In this quarter, we added one of the largest issuers in the world to our points bank, further driving adoption. 
 In addition, we announced this quarter that Walgreens is now one of the growing number of merchants to offer its customers our Premium Payback service, joining companies like PayPal, Shell and BP. The ability to use loyalty points is becoming an increasingly important factor in consumer decisions on where to shop. Highlighting the type of next-generation value that we are offering to our clients now.  
 Another area where we are driving phenomenal value is with our merchant bank referral network. When we signed the Worldpay deal, we thought that we would be able to sign 3 to 4 new bank referral agreements per year. As it turns out, we have signed more than 15 significant new bank relationships, adding well over 1,000 branches to our partner distribution network in the first year.  
 Lastly, it's gratifying to see one of the key benefits of the deal come to fruition as we expand our global reach. We're leveraging our combined scale to enable our merchant business to enter new countries and markets. Our e-com business remains a global leader and continues to be a partner of choice for multinational companies and leading global brands. We're expanding into 6 new countries this year, including Argentina, which we announced most recently.  
 With our new domestic acquiring licenses, Worldpay from FIS can deliver advanced payment technology to both merchants and global companies operating in these countries around the world. I'm also happy to announce that we have successfully expanded our integrated payments business into Europe. We signed more than 30 partners there already and are finalizing agreements with several more. Winning these new partners gives us access to distribution that will drive accelerated growth through 2021 and beyond. With recent investments in the U.S. as well, new wins are up significantly within our integrated payments despite the pandemic.  
 Before I turn the call over to Woody to discuss the financials, I do want to highlight a couple of marquee wins that we had this quarter on Slide 8. In banking, we added another top 30 financial services firm to our growing roster of large client wins. They will use our Modern Banking Platform to power their online bank and chose FIS because of our cutting-edge technology and omni-channel capabilities. We are also seeing strong success with our digital and mobile banking solutions. This quarter, we signed an agreement with a top 50 bank, who chose us because our Digital One and mobile banking solutions will enable them to rapidly innovate, further differentiate their consumer user experience and increase their speed to market for new products.  
 In merchant, we signed a top 100 luxury retailer, who chose to partner with us because of our end-to-end capabilities, including our debit routing, e-commerce and differentiated omni-channel technology. Sticking with the omni-channel theme for a moment, I'm very pleased to announce that Walmart, the world's largest retailer, recently began processing e-commerce transactions with us, further expanding our existing relationship. It's a testament to our superior client value proposition and omni-channel capabilities that we continue to win share of wallet with our largest global clients. In integrated payments, we signed 2 of the world's leading dealer management system software providers, 1 in the U.S. and 1 in the U.K. Between the 2, it will provide us with distribution to thousands of dealerships through these leading ISVs.  
 Turning to capital markets. Demand for our end-to-end, SaaS-based solution remains robust. I'm excited to announce that we signed a deal with a leading global technology company to power their complex multinational treasury function as well as to modernize their B2B payment operations. The company selected FIS because of our cloud-based technology, flexible deployment and simple integration. We also signed a significant new deal with a large Japanese bank to provide a middle- and back-office post-trade derivative clearing solutions. The bank chose us in order to leverage our new API-driven technology stack to drive efficiencies and reduce operational risk.  
 I'll conclude my prepared remarks back where I started. We clearly have the momentum to continue accelerating revenue growth through 2021 and to sustain high single-digit top line growth into the future based on our new solutions, our unique ability to combine our knowledge and expertise from across our business and new ways to solve our clients' challenges and due to our continued sales success with marquee clients.  
 I'll now turn the call over to Woody to discuss the financials. Woody? 
James Woodall: Thanks, Gary, and thank you for joining us this morning. As Gary highlighted, we're excited about the momentum that we are building in the business. Our pipelines are full with more than 30% in banking and capital markets and remain the largest that I've ever seen. Our cloud-based end-to-end solutions are clearly resonating in the market right now.  
 Transaction and volume growth continue to improve in our merchant segment. And we are seeing positive trends in our revenue yields as well. And with our backlog consistently growing in the mid- to upper single digits for multiple quarters in a row, I feel really good about our ability to accelerate revenue growth next year, consistent with the 7% to 9% range we have been messaging.  
 But let's start with our third quarter results beginning on Slide 10. We delivered a strong set of financial results with significantly improving trends. On a consolidated basis, revenue increased 13% to $3.2 billion, up 1% organically, which represents a marked improvement from the 7% decline that we experienced last quarter. Improving revenue growth was primarily driven by 2 things: stronger recurring revenue in both banking and capital markets as well as improving trends throughout the quarter within our merchant business.  
 Adjusted EBITDA increased to $1.4 billion with margins expanding 340 basis points sequentially and 30 basis points year-over-year to 42%. We continue to expect margins to expand sequentially again in the fourth quarter as consumer spending trends continue to improve, driving margin expansion for the full year as compared to 2019. As a result of our improving revenue growth and profitability, we achieved adjusted EPS of $1.42 for the third quarter.  
 Touching on our Worldpay integration. We are more than 2 years ahead of schedule. We have achieved $150 million in revenue synergies as we continue to see really strong traction with our Premium Payback solution. And we are significantly outperforming our initial expectations for merchant bank referrals. We have also achieved cost synergies of over $700 million, including $385 million in operating expense savings, contributing to our adjusted EBITDA margin expansion.  
 I'll expand more around our segments with Slide 11. Banking Solutions revenue increased 3% organically to $1.5 billion. This includes a 3 percentage point headwind related to COVID as well as an exceptionally large license comparison in the prior year period. Excluding these, organic revenue growth was closer to 6% for banking, which is more consistent with our strong growth in recurring revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $653 million for banking, representing 220 basis points of sequential margin expansion to 43%. This is a very good result as the team drove effective cost management to overcome the large margin headwind associated with last year's license comparison.  
 Our merchant segment also saw a significant rebound in the quarter. Revenue was flat on an organic basis at $1 billion. This represents 14 points of improvement over 2Q when normalizing for the U.S. tax deadline shift as we continue to win market share, particularly in our e-commerce, integrated payments and merchant bank referral channels. Adjusted EBITDA in the segment was $487 million, representing over 700 basis points of sequential margin improvement as we saw a material rebound in our higher-margin transaction processing revenue.  
 Capital markets revenue has increased 3% year-to-date on an organic basis, demonstrating more than 1 point of acceleration compared to the prior year period. We continue to see good progress in transitioning this business to a SaaS-based recurring revenue model and away from license sales. Capital markets declined 1% in organic revenue growth for the third quarter and was primarily due to quarterly differences in the timing of license renewals. And we expect quarterly variability of this segment to continue to improve as we complete the transition to SaaS.  
 Recurring revenue continues to grow strongly and new sales for our SaaS-based recurring revenue solutions increased by nearly 50% during the third quarter, reinforcing our confidence for continued acceleration in revenue growth during 2021 and beyond. Adjusted EBITDA was $286 million, representing a consistent 46% margin with last quarter, as capital markets teams continue to manage cost and execute at a very high level.  
 Turning to Slide 12 for an overview of our recent merchant volume and transaction trends. We continue to see improvement throughout the third quarter with volume and transaction growth exiting the quarter at 6% and 3%, respectively. Trends have consistently improved since April. And this is especially notable for our revenue yields. Historically, merchant revenue growth has been highly correlated with transaction and volumes. But the severe impact of the COVID pandemic on cross-border and SMB caused revenue growth to fall by more than volume growth last quarter.  
 This quarter, as expected, we saw that spread narrowing as yields continued to improve, primarily with improving SMB trends. E-commerce transactions increased 30% in the quarter, excluding travel and airlines. While the global pandemic continues to affect us all, we believe this is a critical time to continue to invest in our solution suite to empower our merchants into an accelerating digital economy. As Gary mentioned, we have rolled out significant enhancements within our merchant segment, all of which continue to position FIS as the premier provider of global e-commerce and integrated payments.  
 Turning to Slide 13. I wanted to provide some color on the strength of our balance sheet, cash flows and liquidity position. We ended the quarter with a total debt balance of about $20 billion and a weighted average interest rate of 1.6%. Our debt balance is up slightly quarter-over-quarter, primarily due to FX translation, as we carry significant euro- and pound-denominated balances. 
 We continue to generate high levels of free cash flow. This quarter, we generated $866 million, representing a 27% conversion of revenue. Capital expenditures were $263 million or 8% of revenue. As a result, liquidity increased again to $4.2 billion, up by more than $700 million quarter-over-quarter. Our business model remains durable and our strategy is clearly working to help us win market share.  
 Before I conclude, I'd like to acknowledge the dedication and expertise of our colleagues, who have done a tremendous job to continue to empower clients, giving back to our communities and supporting one another through this pandemic. Thank you for all that you've done. 
 Operator, now we'd like to open the line for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: So yes, good results and wins. You've got a nice backlog of large deals that you've built up here over the last few quarters. I was just curious if you can just give us an update on timing of when some of these deals will convert and how impactful they might be for '21 revenue as well as margin, assuming there might be some start-up costs with the deals. 
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, we appreciate the compliment. I think the team did execute well. We continue to build the backlog out. As you're seeing, the implementations have been going very well on the Modern Banking Platform, installs as well as across a number of our other new products that we've launched. You'll start seeing some of our modern banking wins start to come online towards the very end of this year through some friends and family rollout but primarily will ramp up throughout next year. 
 As we've talked about on prior calls, Tien-Tsin, I mean, these are these are really big contracts measured in tens and in several instances, well over $100 million. And so as they start launching up, you'll see that growth accelerate through 2021 and contribute to that.  
 From a margin perspective, you're right, there are some start-up costs. But you'll also see well ahead of where we thought we would be on cost, so very comfortable as we look towards margins into next year and continue to expand those. And that's really just, given the durability of our business model, we're able to offset some of those start-up costs through other margin acceleration in other areas. So we're very comfortable where we are there. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: All right. That's great, Gary. Just if you don't mind, just one follow-up. I like your comments around end-to-end solutions and how it compares to some of the point solutions out there. And I'm always debating this depth versus breadth sort of debate and the strength there. It seems like breadth is where you're going. Do you see sort of demand changing for that whole depth versus breadth? I mean is it -- are people looking for more diversified solutions from one vendor? I'm just trying to better understand how that pendulum is swinging. 
Gary Norcross: Yes. I would actually put a little spin on what you just said. I would say depth and breadth are required in this industry is what we're seeing. We're starting to -- you need the depth in order to drive the scale to be able to be at a total cost of ownership to drive value to the end customer. You need the breadth because frankly, especially what we're seeing in some of these large signings that we've had over the last 9 months, is people are looking to leverage more of their buying power with a single solution provider, frankly eliminate the need for custom code and carrying cost and uniqueness. 
 And even with the openness of like Code Connect and our open API framework, our ability to leverage that and drive value into the customer is differentiated compared to the customer then having to manage now on a new third party, et cetera. So I think breadth and depth are important. And we're continuing to see that expand in the sales cycle. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens Inc. 
Brett Huff: Congrats on a nice quarter. 
Gary Norcross: Thank, Brett. 
James Woodall: Thanks, Brett. 
Brett Huff: I wanted to follow up on the new gateway, Gary. I think you led with that. I think we all know, and I know you guys see it's a competitive market out there in the multinational kind of gateway, big merchant space. What does that new gateway get us specifically in terms of enhancing competitive position? And what's the initial feedback specifically? And any kind of win that, that has driven so far? 
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, look, I think that's very important for us. We talked a lot about it. We're really excited about getting that end market. We've actually been testing it with a series of our new customers. What it gets us is really speed of implementation. Our ability now to bring people into and gain access to all of our various payment types and all of our various currencies that we transact business on a global nature is really second to none. And so if you look, it's a ground-up build that really is a next-generation innovation that gives our new customers, these large global merchants an opportunity to bring in their developers into a DevOps environment to quickly and expeditiously test in real-time and onboard. 
 So you see speed of onboarding, you see flexibility and gain of access to all of our back-end systems all through a very simple, easily utilized deployment mechanism. So we're excited about this. This will clearly be the single gateway for us for the future going forward. And obviously, over time, we'll move our other remaining gateways to this over the next 12 to 18 months, so real excited about this development coming online. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. 
David Koning: Yes. And I guess, first of all, in banking, I mean, it's pretty remarkable that you talk about normalized growth, I think, excluding some license headwinds and maybe some one-off COVID impacts of about 6%, which is better really than probably any point in the last several years. And it sounds like the pipeline with the wins, maybe you can talk about, a, what's different right now that's happening either in the market or what you're doing that's different than the last few years and if next year grows even faster as all those big wins pile on. 
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, I think it's a great comment, Dave. I mean, obviously, you've got to go back to almost 5 years ago, when we really put the company through just a huge pivot towards next-generation technology and transformation. We invested heavily in cloud-based computing. We then brought on our application stack and start investing heavily there to take advantage of the cloud. And so now if you look, what's different is we're really at a really differentiated level at this point in time. We've lowered our availability times now to, in some instances, 10 minutes or less, where a lot of the industry is still at 24 hours. We've brought on new capabilities. The speed at which we're able to drive new capabilities in market have accelerated dramatically. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we're really just getting started. 
 And all of that is really translating into our sales engagement. So kind of to the comment Tien-Tsin made about breadth, what we're really starting to see is people are looking not for just what's the next-generation status on our FIS Modern Banking Platform, but that's just one of many solutions we're bringing to market. But what we're seeing in banking is people are looking for that. They're looking for an open API layer. They're looking for a differentiated digital experience. They're looking for back-office services to augment some of theirs. They're looking for advanced automation around data and decisioning. And all of that is now coming together in solutions. 
 So we're pretty pleased with what we're seeing in the sales channel at this point and really seeing the results accelerate through the growth curve in banking. And as you said, if it wasn't for the license grow-overs, which you guys look at the license fees every quarter, that's consistently declined every quarter this year. And so it really just shows the power of the company through driving long-term, scalable, reoccurring revenue to offset that as we transition through that. So yes, banking had a great quarter. 
David Koning: Okay. Great. And I guess just one follow-up. When we look at EBITDA, it grew modestly year-over-year. And then revenue, I think, was up just a touch year-over-year, too, give or take. And I know you have a lot of synergies. But why wasn't EBITDA up a little more? Is it a mix of business? And is it investments in all the new products and stuff? Is it those 2 factors really that aren't unlocking kind of that just big synergy growth or that big EBITDA growth? 
James Woodall: I'll take that one, Dave. I think it is a combination of 2 things. It's, one, the revenue and volumes from merchants that have extremely high contribution margin there. Plus to your point, we have not pulled back on our investment in the current year. We think it's the right answer to continue to drive acceleration into 2021 and to continue to build the business for the long term. But it's a combination of those 2 items is why, if there's an expectation of higher margin, why you're not necessarily seeing it. Again, those merchant volumes come on and go off at very high contribution margins. 
David Koning: Yes. Well, great job on the sales. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. 
Darrin Peller: It's good to see some of these wins keep going. But I guess before we get into the magnitude of the wins, just given the noise in the market, can you give us a quick update on? Are there any other kind of, say, one-time grow-overs or items in the next 1 or 2 quarters we should be aware of when we think about modeling out each of the 3 main segments, it's tough comps, licensees? 
 And then really, just bigger picture now, when we think about the magnitude of some of these banking wins coming on, you mentioned some of them could be over $100 million in size. And so the work is being done now. So just remind us, the magnitude of what that could mean for that segment's growth rate and the uplift not only in revenue growth potential for that segment. But really, I mean, you're doing a lot of the work now. So could the cost that you're working on start to flow through with much better margins in '21? 
James Woodall: Yes. I'll take that one, Gary. I thought, well, I'm not providing specific guidance this morning, but I'll just give you some color on revenue growth expectations by segment for the fourth quarter. We expect banking to reaccelerate in 4Q towards the mid-single digits. We also expect it to be the highest growth quarter of the year. To your point around comps, we have a fairly difficult comp in capital markets but do expect modest acceleration in the fourth quarter over Q3. And then merchant trends continue to improve. Merchants' growth dynamics do have uncertainty around the pandemic, potential fiscal stimulus and some of their impact on holiday spending. But certainly, those are some thoughts and color around how we think about revenue growth in the fourth quarter. 
 On the larger wins in banking, we certainly do anticipate it continue to be a component of our confidence in accelerating growth in 7% to 9% for 2021 as these large Modern Banking Platform wins come online and flow through. The cost associated with them are hung on the balance sheet until we actually get the client converted. And then ultimately, we'll amortize back through to create a more normalized margin profile on a go-forward basis. So that's some color around that. But they are sizable wins. If you go all the way back to a little over a year ago, it was one of the areas that we felt like we could accelerate banking's growth beyond maybe what the market was expecting. And I think we're seeing that right now in sales, in backlog, in pipeline. And as we start in the fourth quarter, you'll see it in the actual revenue organic growth rate as well. 
Darrin Peller: Okay. All right. That's helpful. My quick follow-up just on the e-com side of the business, I mean, Access Worldpay was pretty big headlines. And I'm just wondering what that could mean for you guys. We used to hear a lot of big e-com wins for the Worldpay opportunity. Is that something you're seeing as a big deal still? 
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, look, I think Access Worldpay, and honestly, just our current position in global e-com puts us at a very competitive advantage to compete and continue to win share. We highlighted a new win of bringing on some Walmart volume in e-com. So as you look, we're really differentiated in that space, continue to be the leader in global e-commerce. And we continue to feel very bullish on where we are going with our sales wins. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. 
Jason Kupferberg: I wanted to just start on the merchant segment. I know you talked about a narrowing of the spread there. Can you just quantify what that was? I think you were at a 12% spread last quarter ex the tax filing timing. So  if we ex that out again in Q3, what does that spread look like? 
James Woodall: Yes. If you think about Q2, there was about a 12 point spread there between volume and revenue growth. It was about 9 points this quarter. If you normalize for all the tax, where volumes were up roughly 4% for the quarter and then absent the tax shift was -- revenue was down about 5%. So it's about a 9 point differential. We're seeing it in a combination of SMB improvements is the primary driver as you're seeing yields on those SMB clients higher than some of the other verticals that we've talked about before. And we've even seen some improvement in travel and airline. While it's still soft, it certainly improved over 2Q levels. And the yields in that vertical tend to be a little higher for us as well. So yes, as expected, we did see the correlation between volumes and revenue narrowing. And we anticipate that to continue to narrow as we go forward. 
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Understood. And then for Q4, just two things. I know you were walking through the segments. What did you say specifically on merchant? And then can you give us just a little bit more color on margin? I know you said that you'll be up year-over-year on a full year basis. But with just a couple of months left in the year, I wanted to see if we can narrow it down a little bit just in terms of whether you want to think about it quarter-over-quarter versus Q3 or just the magnitude of full year, year-over-year improvement. 
James Woodall: Sure, Jason. We did anticipate and see trends in merchant continuing to improve. Again, the growth dynamics in the fourth quarter for merchant are really around the pandemic status, potential fiscal stimulus and ultimately their impact on holiday spending, which is the wildcard for us right now. But we do continue to see improving trends, obviously exiting September at 6% in terms of volume growth, helping us in terms of the merchant outlook for the fourth quarter. On the margin profile, we do expect sequential margin improvement for 4Q and full year margin expansion. To be very clear, based on current expectations and trends that we see, we expect fourth quarter margins to be about 45% or roughly flat with last year, Jason. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Good stuff here. Congratulations. I want to actually start with a segment that gets less focus, capital markets. Could you quantify the impact of the SaaS transition on growth? And are there other facts to consider? And then when you layer in that 50% growth in new sales for end-to-end Saas, which is -- it seems quite impressive, do those SaaS sales convert to revenue faster and carry perhaps higher margins as well? I mean what's a good way to kind of frame the forward rev growth and margin profile in this segment? 
James Woodall: Yes. Thanks, Ashwin. For the quarter specifically, I would tell you license and renewals was about a 3 point headwind or said a different way, cap markets would have grown about 2% versus minus 1%. If you think about it going forward, we've been talking about this transition to Saas. I think it will continue to take the recurring revenue rate up from roughly 70%, where it is today, up into the 80% or more over time. We will see those dollars start converting as most of the sales, a majority of the sales, if you will, are coming on from SaaS-based revenues. And we do anticipate margins to drive forward with that and removing some of the lumpiness around the quarterly impacts of license but looking at yearly trends that could drive margins up in that business longer term. 
 If you look at cap markets specifically, we've been beginning to message that cap markets would move from the low single-digit growth towards low to mid-single-digit growth. That is our current expectation for 2021 as we see these SaaS revenues and contracts begin to convert into revenue. So we certainly anticipate acceleration into 2021 based on the backlog and the sales that we've experienced and booked to date. So that's how we're thinking about the revenue profile on cap markets going into '21. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And then the other question I had was with regards to the commentary in the banking segment with the -- obviously, the tough comp license and the COVID impact, if you can, I might have missed this, break down the relative size of those. And when you say COVID impact, is that essentially fewer in-branch transactions? Or are there other factors kind of looking for sort of timing of when that goes away? Is there a technology solution to the COVID impact? I know you mentioned a snapback in 4Q. But I just want to get into that a little bit more. 
James Woodall: Yes. The 3 points of delta between organic at 3% and sort of normalized at 6%, roughly 1 point of that is around the difficult license compare, specifically around a $20 million kind of anomalous license. If you remember, license is a relatively low number for us in the banking organization. The 2 points that's generally COVID-related, it is really around issuer payment volumes between network, debit/credit, et cetera, on the issuer side and the overall payment volumes being lower than they were last year. And that's the real delta there, Ashwin. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. 
David Togut: Looking at the Banking Solutions business, when we talk to your customers about spending intentions, they do consistently highlight payments now as a top 3 IT spending priority. I'm just curious in looking at those 5 MBP  wins with top 30 banks over the last 4 quarters, on what percentage of those big transactions was payments a significant component of the contract? 
Gary Norcross: Well, look, I mean, as I described earlier, I mean, every contract is a little different. But what we are seeing is a broad breadth of additional services being wrapped around these modern banking wins. So in all -- in some instances, those customers were already doing issuer payments on the debit side, for example, with those customers. In some instances, we've expanded payments into those spaces. In other instances, we've had to leverage Code Connect in order for them to gain access into their existing payments provider. So it's really been a combination of all of the above, David, as we've worked through that. 
 It's a real interesting dynamic as we see these customers. We talked about several quarters ago, would we see a top 30 institution really go through a core transformation? Well, now we've answered that question resoundly, which is yes. We've had several. But what's really interesting is more and more now are expanding more of what they're taking from us, which starts to making them look much more like a regional or even a community bank in how they're thinking about their next-generation total cost of ownership to deploy retail banking. So it's a long-winded answer to a little bit of all of the above. 
David Togut: Got it. Just as a quick follow-up. On capital allocation priorities, I see the goal of hitting 2.7x net debt-to-EBITDA next year. But your weighted average cost of debt is 1.6%, which is exceptionally low. So I'm just curious how you weigh deleveraging, given such a low interest rate, versus committing capital, let's say, to M&A, dividend growth and so forth. 
James Woodall: Yes. I'll start and maybe, Gary, you can add on if you'd like. We've been very committed to both the equity capital markets and the debt capital markets in terms of commitments that we've made and delivering on those commitments. We're very focused on continuing to delever the balance sheet. And we'll be focused on delevering the balance sheet into 2021. And at that point in time, Dave, we've got more flexibility to utilize capital in a different way to continue to drive incremental shareholder returns, whether that be M&A, which is our preference to be candid, or through potentially share buyback longer term. 
 But we are still focused on delevering back to roughly 2.7x and living up to those commitments on the debt capital markets. I think living up to those commitments long term has given us a lot of credibility with the agencies and has allowed us to ultimately utilize debt capital and very cheap debt capital by living up to those commitments long term. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho. 
Dan Dolev: So I'm sorry to harp on this, but can we go back into the merchant acquiring segment? Last quarter, your volumes were roughly in line with Visa. You're at 4% growth now, which is nice. But Visa was a little higher. Can you maybe help us -- give some more -- shed some more light on what is happening with the SMBs? How much -- I would imagine that's the drag on volumes because those are more profitable, too. But anything that you can shed more light on sort of how the SMBs are trending, because we know e-comm and we sort of know travel, that would be really helpful. 
James Woodall: Yes. Sure. We did see volumes increase in September at about 6% as we described on the chart or 4% for the quarter. We continue to generally trend in line with the networks. I would tell you, in the third quarter, we were a little closer to Visa with U.S. volume growth at about 7% and double-digit growth in debit. I believe a good bit of that was continued improvement in SMB. I think that's why you continue to see the yields from our revenue and the gap narrowing around the correlation between volume and revenues. So we do continue to see SMB recovery, particularly in the U.S. right now. 
 As you mentioned, travel and airlines continue to be soft. But it actually improved as well, particularly over Q2 levels. And then e-com ex travel and air continues to be really strong at 30% growth for the quarter. So different moving parts within the verticals, but with the SMB specifically, we certainly continue to see incremental levels of improvement there driving improvement in our revenue yield. 
Dan Dolev: So that's really good news. So just to make sure I got it, so in the U.S., your volumes are tracking Visa. Is that a correct statement? 
James Woodall: That's goes very true for the third quarter, closer to 7%. And I think Visa's was 7.5% or so. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Davis with Raymond James. 
John Davis: Woody, I just wanted to start with your comments on '21 revenue growth. I think you said you feel comfortable with 7% to 9%. Just curious if there anything should be thinking about why wouldn't be above that, given you're going to comp plus or minus flat this year going into next year. And maybe if you can give any color by segments, that would be super helpful. 
James Woodall: Yes. I think it's really around 3 key fundamentals for not only growth in '21 but sustaining that growth. New sales are building our backlog. Backlog was up 6% this quarter and it's consistently up mid- to upper single digits over the past several quarters. Second, we've got revenue synergies that continue to outpace our original expectations, both in timing and quantum. So that's driving our confidence level. And then the third would be, as Gary talked about last quarter, our Chief Growth Officer office continues to drive incremental product. We tried to highlight that as part of some of the incremental innovations that we're getting in the marketplace. Pushing new product into the market faster is not only going to help us into 2021 but will help us sustain that growth once we get through the revenue synergy timelines. 
 If you look at banking specifically, we got large signings coming online as well as very good sales that we've been talking about that will help us continue to accelerate growth in that mid- to upper single-digit area that we've been talking about. Merchant, to your point, we currently believe the impact of COVID will obviously at least anniversary at some level and should drive incremental growth. The question is ultimately how much. And we continue to take share in those key verticals. And then cap markets, as I mentioned a little bit earlier before, continues to benefit from the transition to SaaS including some higher normal renewals in 2021. And we believe that will move us towards mid-single-digit growth. The combination of all those items is what's giving us confidence in the 7% to 9% organic growth, not only for 2021, but we've been messaging that for several years to come. So that's some color around the revenue outlook and really the fundamentals in how we believe it builds up from 2021 forward. 
John Davis: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up on the margin, I think it was up 30 basis points year-over-year, been down modestly on a pro forma basis. And you called out incremental investments and obviously the negative revenue mix shift from merchant. Just as we kind of think about next year, how much of that can you parse out? How much of that is incremental investment versus revenue mix shift? Because assuming transactions come back, that revenue mix shift should also come back next year. 
James Woodall: I think that's right. And we're not going to provide specific 2021 margin today. It is November. We are in the planning process. And we're in a pretty uncertain backdrop as everybody knows. That said, I can give you some color around the building blocks for 2021. We'll continue to see operating leverage in the base business. You've seen that year in and year out since Gary and I have been at the helm. We have also outperformed on our cost synergies and we'll see that benefit flowing through 2021. 
 The majority of our short-term cost actions will reverse, primarily bonus compensation. We'll hold the line on the rest of it or try to hold the line on the rest of it, understanding some of it's travel-related. And we believe some of that will return later next year. And then ultimately, based on the demand in the pipeline, we could be looking at some potential incremental investment to further accelerate growth. Again, not giving a specific guide today, but when we do provide guidance in February, I'll give you guys a bridge with all these building blocks and on how margin rate builds up from 2020 into 2021. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen. 
Georgios Mihalos: And congrats on the sales momentum. I guess my first question is it certainly doesn't seem to be impacting sales at all, particularly on the banking side. But Gary, just curious, as we're seeing more bank consolidation in Europe, internationally specifically, and the potential for that to kind of pick up going forward, how do you see that impacting or for that matter, not impacting the business, both around kind of pricing and the ability to sign new deals? 
Gary Norcross: Yes. I think it's a great question, George. I mean what we're -- what we've consistently seen, obviously, we've actually seen a slowdown during the pandemic with M&A activity across our various clients. But I'll just go back to historically and remind you, especially in the banking business, we tend to be in the larger side of the market, right? So the largest regionals, super regionals, national and global institutions. And because of that, our customers tend to be the acquirers. And over the last several years, what we've really seen, even when they're not, most of the time when our customers being acquired, given our scale in the large side of the market, we've been very fortunate in not only being able to retain the business but actually grow the business through moving the acquirer onto our platforms. 
 And so we think that trend is going to continue. We do see continued -- the strength in the sales channel frankly is based on some comments I've made in prior calls. I think a number of the larger global institutions and a number of the larger institutions frankly have just held on too long to make technology investments, especially around core banking, especially around modernization, digital enablement, openness, et cetera. And I think you're seeing that now translate just into a really strong not only pipeline, sales success and obviously increasing backlog. 
 I want to thank you for your questions, for your participation in today's call. We'll conclude with Slide 15. While we are excited about the momentum that's building within our business and the growth prospects for FIS, I do want to reinforce our continued commitment to helping our colleagues, clients and communities thrive by advancing the way the world pays, banks and invests. We continue to invest in innovation to drive top and bottom line benefits for FIS and our clients, but we haven't achieved success through investments alone. 
 Our colleagues remain key stakeholders in our business, and we are becoming the fintech employer of choice by maintaining an inclusive and diverse environment while fostering a culture of innovation and growth. I sincerely want to thank each of you for your continued efforts. We would not be where we are without you. For our clients, we will continue to deliver tailored end-to-end experiences by leveraging differentiated technology and unique expertise. Together, we will exceed consumers' rising expectations with solutions that are fast, flexible and frictionless. And lastly, for our communities, we will continue to get back, not only during these challenging times but always in order to have a positive impact on the places where we live and work. Together, we will continue to win as one team and deliver on our commitments. 
 In closing, I'd like to thank you for your investment in FIS. We appreciate your support. Thank you, stay safe, and goodbye. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Head of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Mr. Nathan Rozof. Please go ahead.
Nathan Rozof: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today for the FIS second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. The call is being webcasted. Today's news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are available on our Web site at fisglobal.com. Gary Norcross, our Chairman, President and CEO, will discuss our quarter operating performance and business strategy, as well as the trends we are seeing with COVID-19. Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial Officer, will then review our financial results and the trends we are seeing within our segments. Turning to Slide 3, today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, and adjusted net earnings per share. These are important financial performance measures for the company, but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information are presented in an earnings release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Gary who will begin his remarks on Slide 5.
Gary Norcross: Thank you, Nate. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. The COVID-19 pandemic will be viewed as one of the most challenging times for our country and the world. However, I couldn’t be prouder of our response and the execution of our more than 55,000 employees in delivering a very strong quarter despite all the challenges. The pandemic has been a catalyst driving us to achieve outstanding results, all while maintaining our implementation, processing and product development commitments to our clients and prospects. This is very important given our strong multi-core sales success in converting these wins to revenues quickly as possible. COVID-19 has spurred changing consumer behaviors and reinforce the many benefits of automation, artificial intelligence and cloud native technologies, and a through omnichannel experience. Our conversations with clients who wish to adopt our next-generation suite of solutions are gaining momentum, and that continues to show through our strong quarterly sales results that we will discuss later. These trends and results drive our competence in the company's ability to accelerate growth. Turning to Slide 7. I’d like to discuss our strong second quarter. Our revenues grew 40% to almost $3 billion. This exceptional growth was achieved despite the impacts of this historic pandemic’s impact. Given shelter-in-place restrictions around the globe, revenue decreased 7% on an organic basis. While revenue faced headwinds, we expanded margins by 150 basis points as we continue to drive down our cost structures through the Worldpay integration initiatives as well as ongoing benefits from investments in technology and automation. We generated a $1.15 in EPS and over $650 million in free cash flow, reflecting the durability of our business model. Given the ongoing strength in our sales channel, our sole backlog increased 7% organically to $21 billion, giving us clear line of sight to continued acceleration of revenue growth. Given these results, it is clear our resilient business model ensures we can deliver strong results given our breath and diversity of our solutions. Turning to Slide 8. Last week marked the one-year anniversary of our acquisition of Worldpay. It was a significant milestone for our company and the industry as two of the preeminent teams and financial technology came together. Worldpay brought us world-class merchant acquiring with its high-value global e-commerce and integrated payment capabilities. In banking, we have continued our investment in the new products and services that are transforming the market, including Modern Banking Platform, Code Connect and Digital One. And in capital markets, we’ve brought investments in technology to enable us to be more agile with the movement of money across the world. We certainly have a track record of success when it comes to advancing the way the world pays banks and invests. We’re thrilled with the traction that we've seen over the past year by creating a company that is significantly differentiated in the market. The subset list of accomplishments that we have achieved on Slide 9 since last July is extensive and covers every aspect of the new combined company. When we closed the Worldpay acquisition, the teams on both sides immediately came together in very collaborative ways with the focus of creating something unique in the industry. We continue to outpace expectations on our synergy goals and are well ahead of schedule to meet our aggressive three-year synergy targets. At the end of the quarter, our teams have achieved more than $700 million in annual cost synergies and $115 million in annual revenue synergies. We have an additional $60 million in revenue synergies that we are in the process of implementing now, and we have a growing pipeline of cross-sell opportunities that will continue to drive additional growth. Our ability to exceed our synergy goals so early is a testament to the value our colleagues are creating by winning as one team. On Slide 10, we recognized early the changing dynamics of the industry and decided to pivot the company to growth by investing in next-generation technology that would allow us to successfully compete for the next 10 to 15 years. We launched our journey over four years ago by investing in data center consolidation and network modernization to position us to be the leader in cloud-based technology. Fast forward to today, we have a significantly smaller data center network footprint. We will reduce over $250 million in cost and have 80% of our total compute in the cloud by the middle of next year. Next, we invest in our application stack which is based on a modular componentized architecture with open APIs that provide our clients the flexibility to innovate at their own pace. These investments included our Modern Banking Platform, Code Connect, Digital One, Post Trading Derivatives Solutions and Next-Generation Syndicated Lending. Together, these new products are propelling our growth in our banking capital market segments. Simultaneously, Worldpay was also investing in next-generation technologies. They launched the NAP platform, Access Worldpay, advanced e-comm capabilities and innovative often fraud solutions. This has been the primary growth catalyst for our payment segment and what makes the combination of FIS and Worldpay so powerful. Next, we moved on to differentiate ourselves to building on our industry-leading client experience. For example, we proactively committed to groundbreaking 15 minutes service level agreements for many of our cloud-based solutions in sharp contrast to the typical industry-standard of 24 to 48 hours. And we simplified our pricing and contracting models for smaller financial institutions in order to make it even easier to do business with FIS. These enhancements to how we support our clients are resonating in the market. Finally, we upgraded and integrated our internal enterprise toolsets, significantly improving our communication and collaboration capabilities and further enabling our colleagues to better support our clients. We began this journey to prepare for the future. While the pandemic has accelerated changing consumer and enterprise behaviors in ways that none of us could have predicted, it demonstrates that the strategic investments we've made in our technology transformation have paid off. As shown on Slide 11, our strategic blueprint to ensure FIS’ continued success revolves around three simple pillars. The first pillar centers around our ongoing investments in technology and innovation. The increasing client demand that we are experiencing for our differentiated next-generation solutions will continue to power accelerating revenue growth trends for FIS. Second, our relentless focus on driving efficiency and scalability is a key component of driving meaningful operational results. As we continue to integrate strategic acquisitions, we will further build or scale on operational efficiencies, allowing us to lead our peers with best-in-class margins. Lastly, we have a strong track record of strategically allocating capital to maximize shareholder value. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation includes investing in both high-growth acquisition targets as well as our organic investments in product, technology and innovation. Turning back to the quarter and a focus on sales results on Slide 12. Our clients are embracing our cutting edge solutions which empower them to better compete in a world where technology is changing at record speed. In banking, I’m pleased to announce that we extended our streak of consecutive quarters with double-digit year-over-year new sales growth, which now spans more than two years. Our new sales delivered over $1 billion in total contract value during the second quarter, despite shelter-in-place ordinances. Client demand for our modern banking platform remains robust as clients seek new ways to transform their legacy technology to a frictionless digital experience. We signed another top 30 U.S. bank on our Modern Banking Platform, Code Connect and Digital One omnichannel solutions. They chose FIS because of our product suites cloud ready modular architecture and due to our ability to implement complex solutions. We look forward to supporting the bank's goal to leapfrog from legacy technologies to the future of digital banking. This marks our ninth Modern Banking Platform win, including four of the top 30 U.S. banks. Our speedy implementation to real-time lending services for many financial institutions allowed us to streamline and process funding under the Paycheck Protection Program, supporting U.S. small businesses and families throughout the pandemic. We also aided several U.S. states by quickly ramping up operations to support prepaid and Pandemic EBT card processing during this challenging period. Turning now to merchant. Client adoption of our Premium Payback solution remains strong and we continue to identify and close multiple cross-sell opportunities. For example, we entered into a strategic agreement with a top U.S. pharmacy to improve their loyalty program with our Premium Payback solution at its nearly 10,000 locations. Real-time redemption at point-of-sale will drive foot traffic, increased spend and lower the pharmacy’s cost of payment acceptance. We also recently signed an exclusive merchant referral partnership with a regional bank of over 500 branches. We will convert their existing portfolio of 15,000 merchants to FIS and we’ll provide all processing and back-office support functions for the bank. Additionally, the largest independent gas station operator in the UK chose FIS to enable payment technology at 900 fuels stations because of our in-store payment technology and our robust fraud solution. Finally, I’m pleased to announce that we are increasing investments in our integrated payments channel. Together with several strategic partners, we are developing a creative new go-to-market solution and have commitments to migrate over 20,000 new merchants by year-end. Turning to capital markets. Demand for our SaaS-based solution remains robust. Clients are embracing our differentiated end-to-end solution to expand the front, middle and back office as well as our innovative RegTech solutions. We signed a deal with a top German bank that will enable them to increase operational efficiencies by consolidating three existing competitor point solutions on their end-to-end solutions suite. In addition, we signed a deal with a nonprofit finance cooperative with nearly 27 billion in assets to power their commercial lending suite. As you can tell, this was a very busy and highly successful quarter on many fronts. I'll now turn the call over to Woody to discuss the financials in more detail. Woody?
Woody Woodall: Thank you, Gary, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I’d like to thank our colleagues who have done exceptional work to empower our clients, giving back to our communities and support one another through a very difficult time. While the global pandemic has had a significant impact of our quarterly financials, our second quarter results exceeded our expectations across the board. I’ll begin with our financial results before transitioning to our merchant transaction trends, then I’ll finish with an update on our balance sheet, liquidity position and cash flows. This quarter demonstrated the durability of our business model as we continue to provide mission-critical technology to our clients. We remain confident in our long-term fundamentals, competitive position and overall investment thesis. Turning to Slide 14 for highlights and accomplishments in the quarter. On a consolidated basis, revenue decreased 7% organically, or 6% excluding corporate and other, exceeding our expectation from a few months ago. Organic growth is also inclusive of a 2 point headwind primarily associated with a shift in the U.S. tax filing deadline. Each of our segments performed better-than-expected, driven by strong execution and durability in banking and capital markets as well as improving consumer volumes in our merchant segment. While we remain in uncertain times, we firmly believe that FIS will be even stronger coming out of this pandemic as we leverage our global scale, robust cash flows and commitment to invest in innovation. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $1.2 billion during the quarter and our margins expanded 150 basis points to 39%, as high margin transaction volumes improved in May and June. We are reiterating our commitment to 300 million in annualized short-term cost savings in response to the pandemic. Our integration remains ahead of schedule as we see our ongoing traction in the bank deferral channel as well as continued cross-sell wins through our Premium Payback solution. In the quarter, we achieved $115 million in annual run rate revenue synergies, well ahead of our initial expectations, which is especially impressive considering the multiple headwinds caused by the COVID pandemic. We also achieved cost synergies in excess of $700 million, including $350 million of operating expenses. As a reminder, we originally targeted $400 million in operating cost synergies by the end of 2022. At this pace, we are on track to reach our initial target by the end of this year, a full two years ahead of schedule. In addition to operating expense savings, we also permanently eliminated $90 million in annual maintenance CapEx this quarter by consolidating legacy technology platforms, which will manifest itself in the form of reduced D&A on our income statement. Our sales performance continues to benefit from long-term SaaS-based agreements and we continue to have meaningful dialogue with our clients around digital banking, continuity of operations and increasing their e-commerce presence. This increased demand is driven by our clients looking to effectively manage their operations through the pandemic and transform their business for a post-COVID environment. The pipeline continues to remain strong, giving us confidence that the investments we have made are paying dividends and we’ll continue to win market share in attractive verticals. Turning to Slide 15 to review our segments. Banking solutions increased 4% organically or 5% excluding a 1 point headwind associated with a decline in transaction-related revenue caused by shelter-in-place orders and other impacts associated with the pandemic. Ongoing investment in our banking segment continues to drive recurring revenue as we leverage our cloud-based solutions to drive value to our clients. Banking adjusted EBITDA was $608 million, representing 40 basis points of margin expansion to 41%. Our merchant segment performed significantly better than anticipated as transaction trends improved during May and June from April lows. The delay in the U.S. tax filing deadline contributed to a 6 point headwind during the quarter as approximately $60 million of revenue pushed out of the second quarter and into the third quarter of 2020. Excluding this impact, merchant revenue was down 19%. While significant, this headwind came in approximately $30 million better-than-expected as some consumers elected to pay their taxes early ahead of the delayed July 15 deadline. Merchant adjusted EBITDA was $331 million, representing significant margin expansion to 41% over the prior year period, primarily due to the Worldpay acquisition. Capital markets grew 3% organically in the quarter, driven by balanced demand across our buy-side and sell-side verticals as our innovative end-to-end solutions drove continuous strength in recurring revenue. Adjusted EBITDA was $287 million, representing margin expansion to 46%. Turning to Slide 16 for an overview of our recent merchant volume and transaction trends. Given our size and scale, we’ve seen improving trends throughout the quarter and continuing into July consistent with the major networks. Merchant volumes returned to growth by the end of the quarter, increasing 4% in June while transaction trends exited the quarter approximately flat. Trends improved in both U.S. and international with particular strength in global e-commerce, which has experienced strong transaction growth of approximately 30% when excluding travel and airlines. COVID is dramatically accelerating the speed of adoption for e-commerce and we will continue to invest in our next-generation Access Worldpay gateway as well as accelerate our global expansion in order to capture new sources of growth in addressable market. While we are pleased with the improving transaction trends, I will not be providing formal guidance for 2020 due to the dynamic and unpredictable outcomes associated with the ongoing pandemic. Turning to Slide 17. I want to provide some color on our balance sheet, cash flows and liquidity position. Our total debt’s about $20 billion yielding a 3.5x leverage ratio with a weighted average interest rate of 1.7%. In the quarter, we generated $655 million of free cash flow or 22% of revenue, an increase from 18% in the first quarter of 2020. We paid down $544 million in debt and issued dividends of $217 million. Capital expenditures were $243 million or 8% of revenue in the core. We remain highly committed to investing internally in organic growth with no reduction in our 2020 capital budget. Liquidity remains strong at $3.5 billion having further increased by approximately $500 million during the second quarter. This robust cash flow, strong balance sheet and ample liquidity allows us to continue to invest heavily in technology and innovation even as others are retrenching due to the pandemic. While the second quarter was clearly challenging for all of us, I couldn't be prouder of how our team responded. The strength of our financial results demonstrates the unique durability and resiliency of our business model increasing my confidence in the future of FIS. I’d now like to turn the call back to Gary for some closing remarks before we open the line up for questions. Gary?
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Woody. I want to conclude our prepared remarks with Slide 18 by stating our continued commitment to growth and innovation is unwavering. We’re focused on continuing to keep our colleagues safe, while simultaneously pushing forward to become the FinTech employer of choice. We truly cannot be successful if we don't maximize our talent. Inclusion and diversity is very important to me both personally and professionally, as well as it is to all of us here at FIS. Recent social unrest in the U.S. underscores the prevalence of systemic racism in our country and around the world. To that end, we recognize our responsibility to strive for sustained social change both domestically and globally. We are setting significant goals for our company, including to double the representation of Black and Latin mix leaders at FIS. We are also rolling out further programs to help our colleagues with the increasing problem related to student loan debt for incoming U.S. college program participants. For our clients, we will continue to deliver innovative solutions and support you during these difficult times. We will leverage our scale and global reach to provide best-in-class service and quality. For our communities, we are continuing to work on integrating environmental, social and governance factors into every aspect of our business. We recently launched our first-ever Global Sustainability report, which I encourage you to download from our Web site. As we maintain our commitment to ESG described in our report, I am proud of how we are operating our company with integrity and the highest ethics promoting diversity and inclusion and preserving our natural resources. Further, we will continue to contribute to our communities by donating both dollars and volunteer hours to organizations that support financial literacy and inclusion. We will invest $30 million in minority-owned FinTech startups and double our supplier spend with minority-owned businesses by 2023. Creating an environment that enables our colleagues, clients and communities to thrive demonstrates how we are leveraging our technology and innovation at scale to reinforce FIS global leadership position and to drive above market growth. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Hi. Good morning, guys. Nice results here. I wanted to start with a top line-related question. You’ve now secured seven large next-gen core banking wins over the past three quarters. So wanted to see if you can help us roughly size how much revenue they could contribute in aggregate next year as they start to go live? And maybe as part of that, can you just comment on the 7% to 9% organic revenue growth target you guys had pre-COVID and your confidence level in that range as we move into 2021 and 2022?
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Jason. If you step back about a year ago, one of the things we talked about was banking being able to accelerate its revenue growth profile to get us into that 7% to 9% time zone of growth. I think these MBP wins and the timing of the revenue that will come on will certainly give us more confidence, if you will, and that being to drive into that 7% to 9% range in a pre-COVID world or a post-COVID world is where we are today. The revenue comes on with these MBP clients about a year after the signing. So as we’ve talked about in the last couple of quarters, we should start seeing some revenue very late in 2020 but really more of that revenue starting to flow into 2021. I don’t think we’re going to give a dollar amount of where those MBP revenues are at this point, but certainly gives us incremental confidence in being able to deliver 7% to 9% on a go-forward basis.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Let me just add a little color to that. When you look at the size in these contracts compared to our traditional core banking deals done across community banks, order of magnitude these are hands down very, very significant and large contracts compared to anything else you would do in core banking. The other thing that's important to know, not only have we signed seven as we described but keep in mind in the Modern Banking Platform wins, those are really deposits only at this point. So we have an opportunity as we launch their deposit portfolios and bring their deposit products online in this newer technology, then to move in to their lending portfolios and other areas of the traditional core bank. So we're real excited about this potential. Not only is – we’ve talked about for years penetrating the top 30 with really transformation on core, we’ve got an opportunity to grow these core relationships with successful launches on deposits. So it a really good indicator, as Woody said, to push that banking business above mid-single digits into a more upper single-digit kind of growth rate over time, and makes us very confident to the 7% and 9%, as we discussed earlier.
Jason Kupferberg: Terrific. Maybe just another question on the margin front. I know last quarter you gave us a guidepost for second quarter EBITDA margins. So wanted to see how we should think about Q3 margins on a year-over-year basis. I know it was kind of a sub period in last year’s Q3. And then maybe as part of that, I know last quarter you had said that full year EBITDA margins will increase year-over-year. So now that we’re halfway through the year, any thoughts on kind of magnitude of potential year-over-year improvement from a full year perspective?
Gary Norcross: Yes. I think as we go back a quarter, we try to give you guys some of the low watermark back in – where we thought we would be. Certainly have seen improving trends over that time as we tried to highlight in the prepared materials. If you think about the third quarter really and the fourth quarter, I would expect to see sequential margin expansion in both Q3 and Q4, Jason. I know the question’s coming, so I just thought I’d go ahead and just address it. We've also taken a look at consensus revenue for the third quarter and it’s reasonably in line with my expectations, even though we’re not a formal guide. With respect to margins, I think about margins for the third quarter. If you look back to 2019, margin was about 43%. We’ve got two tailwinds and one headwind going into the third quarter from a margin perspective. The first tailwind is about $90 million in operating expense synergies associated with the Worldpay acquisition. The second is a tailwind of about 100 million in those short-term cost actions that we've taken in response to the pandemic. And finally, we’ve got a headwind due to COVID impacting our transaction revenues which have close to a 90% contribution margin. And just as a reminder, as those revenues come back in a post-COVID world, we would anticipate them to return as similarly high contribution margins. So as you think about third quarter, that’s how we’re thinking about kind of the revenue outlook and the margin profile.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. I appreciate all the color, guys. Thanks, again.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: All right. Thanks, guys. Nice results.
Gary Norcross: Hi, Darrin.
Darrin Peller: Let me just ask. It was great to see the reacceleration on the banking segment and the capital markets segments to positive territory. Can you talk about the drivers that really, really inflected and what changed in this quarter versus last? I’m assuming a lot of that transactional revenue that hit you in March, April has gone back to positive or closer to positive category. And then when we talk about the digital transformation work we’re seeing and giving the pandemic, I guess, Gary, can you give us examples of where structurally you guys are coming out stronger because your products are meeting the incremental demand given the digital transformation needed across probably mostly in banking but maybe across the segments?
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, it’s really across all key areas, Darrin. It’s a great question. The banking business and the capital market business has both performed very well. We did see some return in our issuer transaction volumes just like you would expect as the acquiring volumes started increasing. So we see that flowing to our issuer cards. But honestly, the base business really performed because of all the investments we’ve made over the last four years in newer technology. And if you look at the success of the sales channel we highlighted today, we really had now two years of double-digit sales growth. And so what you’re really seeing is that sales growth coming on board 12 months later and starting to see good solid performance in the banking business and that’s going to continue to trend up. We’re seeing those sales come across our next-generation digital platforms, our next-generation Code Connect platforms which is when you hear people talking about open agile APIs or micro-services, Code Connect is our solution for that. We’ve been in market now for about four years with that. It really extends the openness of all of our banking systems and we’re seeing tremendous growth in that area. And then we’ve also seen very, very strong wins in core banking in the top 100, which is really a new trend that we’ve talked about that was being accelerated by the next generation of technology but now I think it’s being further accelerated by the pandemic. If you look over in capital markets, once again another really strong quarter by that team. We’ve made a lot of investment in product over the last several years and also in the technology platforms, the data center consolidation. And when we looked at product, we started building out a lot more robust digital enablement. We really started looking at solutions that go across the front, middle and back office. We also pushed hard several years ago into open APIs and micro-services. And as you look at that, now the market is starting to transform that. So we really think we’re just getting the advantage of a strategic pivot that we started four years ago and is ongoing of this rapid investment in next-generation technologies. And as the market’s breaking that direction, we’re seeing the benefit of that in the growth curve.
Darrin Peller: All right, that’s really helpful. A very quick follow up, just the e-comm business in merchant is always something that we honed in on a lot. I think it was 30%, right, the actual volume? Can you talk about the inbound new bookings you’re seeing just given it still seems like there’s only a handful of companies that could really handle cross-border e-comm. In this environment, I would expect that to be strong. Thanks, guys.
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, I absolutely agree with you. I think that was actually the crown jewel that came out of the Worldpay combination, we’ve been real excited. When you really look at global e-commerce and dealing with the complexity that comes from that, you really continue to see us being the kind of destination of choice in some of these large complex deals. And so very focused on pushing that strong demand. We had some nice wins already this year. As Woody highlighted, very strong growth in our existing clients, up 30% minus travel and airlines. It’s important to make sure we carve that out when you’re looking at really the underlying health of this business, and so very pleased at our position. I think Woody commented in his prepared remarks, we’re really leaning in to some of the next-generation capabilities there with Access Worldpay and also doing a number of other things around our processing platform. So we really feel great about our position in payments and in merchant specifically. You saw us highlight a number of other wins. And so post-COVID, this is really a good solid double-digit grower for FIS.
Darrin Peller: Great. Thanks, guys.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Darrin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Togut from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning, Gary and Woody.
Gary Norcross: Hi, David.
Woody Woodall: Hi, David.
David Togut: Woody, you called out achieving your 400 million OpEx savings target on the Worldpay acquisition two years early by the end of this year. How are you thinking about that target beyond the end of this year or is that a number that can move up substantially or would you anticipate reinvesting the excess in the business?
Woody Woodall: Yes, that’s a great question, David. I think we’re always focused on continuing to drive margin expansion and look for efficiencies. I think looking back over both Gary and my career here at FIS, we’ve always had a focus on that and we’ll continue to have a focus on that. I will say, if we continue to see the amount of sales growth and delivery need that we’ll have to go make these implementations, we’ll continue to invest some of that savings back into the business to drive top line growth, David.
Gary Norcross: Yes. When you look, David – you looked at this quarter, we had 150 basis points of margin expansion, we actually invested heavily in our delivery capabilities because as you’re ramping on this kind of sales growth, it’s important that we’ve got the necessary staff to be able to deploy these complex solutions. So we want to make sure that we continue to balance it between innovation and driving modernization and transformation and also make sure that we continue to have margin expansion. But beyond the end of this year, there are a lot more levers that we have to continue to drive operating efficiencies, whether it’s increased automation using artificial intelligence which we’re doing a lot with today and really investing heavily there or whether you look at leveraging our COO organization and drive more in functional alignment to get more leverage and scale across some of our existing capabilities. But I’m very confident that you’ll continue to see margin expansion for years with FIS.
David Togut: Understood. And then the capital market solutions business, you’ve talked in the last few quarter about transitioning that to a higher growth SaaS model, perhaps more mid-single-digit plus organic. How far along are you in that transition and when might we expect that higher growth rate to start coming through? It’s been very resilient certainly.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I’ll start, David. Our recurring revenue within the capital markets group has grown to a little over 70% now. We anticipate that to continue to grow as we see more and more staff sales versus license sales. Licenses were down in the quarter from the capital markets group. So I would anticipate starting to see that. You’re seen more resiliency in the growth rate right now in the capital markets group but I don’t anticipate starting to see some acceleration of that into 2021 and beyond.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I’ll just build on that. The team’s doing an excellent job of really leaning into the market and selling into the opportunities that we’re seeing with regards to SaaS. Every quarter, Woody would really look at it with regards to how many SaaS sales compared to license sales. And once again, this quarter was no different. We saw lot more SaaS sales come in than what we did on the license side. We’ve talked a lot about banking and they had double-digit sales success this quarter. Capital markets was equally very strong on sales. They had one large anonymous license fee last year. But when you really look at the fundamental underlying growth of the sales engine, it’s just a phenomenal quarter. And you saw the resiliency of it in its growth rate. So those two businesses are proving to be in very good shape at the right time in the market as you see the market breaking towards some of these new technologies. So I couldn’t be happier with what the teams are doing here.
David Togut: Understood. Congrats on the strong results in a touch environment.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, David.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. A lot of encouraging trends here. Just a follow up on some of the questions asked, just on the banking side. Who are you taking share from? How complex are these transitions going to be? And just thinking about the delivery cost of it, if there’s anything unusual to consider with so much in the backlog?
Gary Norcross: Yes. Look, it’s a great question. Our big competitors here are typically in-house developed software over decades augmented by typically some form of consulting or off-shoring firm is typically who we’re running into. As you would suspect, these are very complex implementations of this size. And one of the reasons why not only do we have compelling technology that really competes very well in the industry, really the only proven company that can do these kind of large scale complex transformations and with prove points over the years around the globe. So as Woody talked about, they run anywhere from 12 to 18 months. We’ve got some of our customers that were literally moving off technologies that were installed in the early '70s and we have some that are moving off technologies that were installed in the last 15 years. But there’s a lot of complexity in this. It takes a large program effort to manage through that. At this point, you would expect I’m very close to these implementations as well as the rest of our leaders in the company and every one of these implementations are in green status at this point. So we feel very good at how the teams are working together. These customers have not been – or these clients have not been through this kind of transformation in decades, so they’re very excited about the opportunity of what this is going to drive for them to help them compete in market. And so there’s a real sense of energy of not only getting these right but getting these installed on time. If anything, they’d love to see us pull them early. So we’re real pleased at where we are. As I mentioned with David, we’re certainly focused on investing in our implementation pipeline. We understand we don’t want our operating units to be the bottleneck for growth. So we’re making sure that we’re investing there to be able to accelerate and meet our implementation demand as the sales team brings these contracts into the company.
Tien-tsin Huang: Yes, owning the tech and owning the deliveries should be an advantage, so got it. That’s helpful to hear. My follow up, if you don’t mind just a quick one --
Gary Norcross: Sure.
Tien-tsin Huang: I’m just trying to understand. I know you’re a large debt processor with both sides; Worldpay and legacy FIS. Debit has been outperforming. We’ve been getting questions on how much of this is secular versus stimulus. So I figured I’d ask you for your thoughts on that? And maybe if overall you can remind us of your exposure to debt in any way? Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Yes. I’ll give you some color as we’ve messaged before and continue to message, we think our overall debit trends will max those that have been disclosed by a lot of groups in the marketplace. We continue to see growth there. I think the movement of cash out of the system more and more will continue to drive more debt transactions there, Tien-tsin. Don’t know that we disclosed the specific exposure on debit in the past, but we certainly are seeing incremental growth there and feel really good about we’re positioned there for the long term.
Gary Norcross: Yes. As we were talking about this yesterday, as you think about how much cash has actually come out of the global economy, we’re very bullish on all of our payment offerings. And as we think about how much does that naturally come back post-COVID, we think there’s a real opportunity to really see a significant jump to electronic, a lot of it moving to card not present, all of that paying significant benefits to us not only in the acquiring side but also back into the issuing side. So we’re very bullish on these businesses at the moment.
Tien-tsin Huang: Agreed. Thanks for the update, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Chiodo from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Timothy Chiodo: Thanks. Thank you for taking the question. A little bit of a follow up there on the related matter, so just a broader update on the top 100 banks. I believe last fall, you mentioned about 30 of those had been penetrated in terms of outsourcing and clearly signed a good handful since then. When we think about that other two-thirds or so that’s remaining, you talked about some of them using sort of in-house developed software that’s been augmented over the years. But to what extent are some of those banks already FIS customers may be paying maintenance fees on something that was purchased on a license basis years ago and you might already have a little bit of a foothold or a relationship there? And then a quick follow up after related to the original Worldpay-Vantiv e-comm synergies.
Gary Norcross: Yes. It’s a great insightful question. We’ve got a number of those customers – a substantial number of those customers that are running in-house on our legacy technology or even outsourced on some of our legacy technology. And so it’s a real opportunity for us to cross-sell the Modern Banking Platform. Frankly, a lot of those customers are watching how a number of these top 30 institutions are going to transition and their success with the technology. But it really – not only do we have an opportunity to bring on our lending assets on top of Modern Banking Platform, but we have a huge amount of runway through the rest of the top 100 and frankly through the entire regional bank market. So just a lot of opportunity in the U.S. with this new technology. We also are seeing similar demands outside the U.S. But given all the movement right now in the U.S. markets, the sales teams are pretty focused there for now. But we think there is – as I’ve said in my prepared remarks, easily 10-plus-years of runway with this next-generation core banking transformation.
Timothy Chiodo: Great. That’s helpful color. Thank you. And the follow up is a quick one. I know you’re not formally providing updates on the prior Worldpay-Vantiv e-commerce synergies, but I believe the original target was roughly 100 million in run rate revs by the end of Q4 of this year and I just wanted to see if there were any comments or updates you could provide around that?
Gary Norcross: Honestly as we’ve integrated the company, it’s almost getting too complex to breakout synergies related to what deal or this deal. So we’ve really been just focusing on the go forward. Clearly, the Vantiv-Worldpay combination was very successful. And I think given our synergy results, you’re seeing the success come out of the FIS-Worldpay combination. But we’ve talked about this in the past on calls. We integrate these companies so tightly it gets difficult to actually track what is the synergy and what’s just operating execution and what’s sales execution at some point in time? And so really we kind of moved on beyond trying to track Vantiv-Worldpay and just really focused on the FIS-Worldpay going forward. But I feel great about where we are in synergies. Revenue side already being at 115 million is significant. You can go back on what our original estimation was which was just 100 million by the end of this year. Already at 115 million, we’ve got 60 million more in the implementation cycle with a really strong pipeline. So feel great about that execution. As Woody highlighted, we’ll have the operating expense side of this completely done at 400 million this year. So just a lot of really positive results coming out of the teams.
Timothy Chiodo: That’s all really great color. Thank you so much.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead.
David Koning: Yes. Hi, guys. Thanks. Great job.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Dave.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Dave.
David Koning: I guess my first question, just when we think about the gap between merchant – kind of core revenue decline in merchant of 19% and then some of the volume and transaction metrics that were maybe 10% or so give or take better than the revenue, which is because of the SMB, I get all that. But as volume and transaction trends get better, does that gap shrink? Meaning could we have a closer tie between revenue and some of those other metrics as things progress?
Woody Woodall: It certainly should, Dave. You’ve got some mix issues flowing, as you described there with the SMB versus, let’s call it, grocery and drug as an example. But as you see those volumes return, you should certainly see the associated convergence of the transaction trends on the revenues.
David Koning: Okay. And do you get the full 6% back from the tax impact in Q2 or do you get the full 6% back in Q3?
Woody Woodall: We would certainly anticipate that, yes.
David Koning: Okay. And then I guess my follow-up question, adjusted EBITDA on a pro forma basis I think was down almost 200 million year-over-year in Q2, revenues were down a little over 200 million. So they actually matched pretty closely even with the synergies coming in. Why didn’t EBITDA decline less than that just given the synergies?
Woody Woodall: Yes. The synergies are certainly flowing through as we talked about. I think you got the high contribution margin associated with the revenue themselves also impacting you there. And then we’ve tried to manage our costs as rapidly as we could in reaction to declining volumes, Dave. So the three of those together are really the impact.
David Koning: Okay, great. Thank you. Great job.
Woody Woodall: The other thing, Dave, I’d just highlight too. Based on some of the results that we saw through the second quarter and based on some of our outlook, we actually re-put in some bonus adjustment back into our results and that may be the other component that you might be missing as you’re bridging there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O’Neill from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew O’Neill: Yes. Hi. Thank you guys for taking my question. A number have been asked and answered, however, I was curious at a higher level on the core banking side if as a result of the pandemic you guys are seeing a repositioning of investment dollars from your bank customers specifically around mobile and digital? It sounds like as a result of the double-digit sales trends in the quarter that that trend is likely underway, but I was just wondering if there’s any incremental color there sort of from the customer perspective? And then I had a quick follow up. Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Yes. We clearly are seeing that repositioning and you’ve seen strong double-digit sales growth for the last two years every quarter coming out of the banking group. And when we talk about sales growth, that’s new TCV. That’s not renewal. So that’s now – we don’t disclose that. We had very, very high retention rates. But really focusing on new business coming into FIS. And you’re exactly right that the banking industry and we talked about it on last quarter’s call, if you look at what’s happened, they continued to invest in digital over the years. The problem is given their legacy technology that’s underlying their digital framework, they just can’t move fast enough. They don’t have enough agility in deployment and they just can’t get their cost down because of this foundational issue. And so we’re now seeing people lean in heavily on Modern Banking Platform, they’re leaning in heavily into micro-services and they’re leaning into next-generation digital to take advantage of all of that, and just really seeing strong growth across the pipeline. And then when you augment all of that with a lot of back office services that banks are continuing to push on all about trying to just lower their total cost of ownership. So a lot of people have asked given the interest rate environment and given the pandemic, why aren’t we seeing spend decline? The reality is, most of our customers have just held on too long. And I think at this point, they realize they’re going to have to transform and spend their way out of this issue this have in order to be able to compete in the future. And so we’re certainly seeing the benefit of that through our sales success.
Matthew O’Neill: Thanks. That makes a lot of sense. And then just as a follow up to the last question, I know this has been talked about a little bit. But just on the merchant yield, I was curious around how impactful the underlying mix of transactions kind of away from travel, for example, and presumably a shift more towards things like big box and grocery and things like that that are maybe lower yield. Is that underpinning some of the trends that we saw in the quarter?
Gary Norcross: That is certainly a component for the mix of the customer base and where the volumes come off and where they came back, that’s certainly a component of what’s going on with yield there.
Matthew O’Neill: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hi, guys. Hi, Gary. Hi, Woody.
Gary Norcross: Hi, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hi. Solid results here. Congratulations to you and the team and good to hear from you.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: So achieving your synergy goals two years in advance is impressive. A quick clarification there. Is that even though you’ve had obviously certain volume-related headwinds with EBITDA flow through? In other words, without that you will be taking up the number. And more broadly as you kind of learn to operate in this current environment, can you call out factors that you noticed or you said, why don’t we make this change permanent? So what might your cost structure look like next year? Can you talk about people, product development, real estate footprint, things like that?
Woody Woodall: Yes. I think if you think about what we did, we had more permanent long-term synergies that we’ve talked about at 700 plus, 400 of that operating by the end of the year. We also took about a $300 million set of actions that were more short-term in nature, Ashwin, in response to declining volumes. Can some of those be permanent? Probably so. We haven’t gotten through exactly where we’re at. Some of that will be permanent in terms of like short-term bonus, in terms of some of the travel that may return in the process. But we’re working through how much of that can we keep out of the cost structure permanently. That’s ongoing right now as we speak, very live in terms of facilities rationalization, in terms of other things that we think we can do and reduce our cost structure permanently and it will flow into 2021 as part of the longer term module expansion opportunities.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Some examples of that, Ashwin, you actually – you said in your question, we’re looking really hard at global real estate. We’re successfully operating from home today. We’re taking a real hard look on whether we even reopen those offices. We’re also looking at some of the basis of some of our travel that we had done historically and really taking a hard look at that. We’re also bringing a lot more leverage through our toolsets and technology, as I mentioned, and all of these things are good short-term levers but as Woody pointed out there will be a number of things that we don’t think we’ll spend in the reopen. And so that will then push into next year. We also have growing efficiencies around some of these large programs, multiyear programs we’ve been running. The NAP program is ramping up. Our data center consolidation program we’re wrapping up. So all of these things will also push into our margins next year as well.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Okay. And some pretty good sales announcements there. It seems like you might have cracked the code on how to sell or at least close deals in this remote environment. Can you talk broadly about how the bank spending environment is evolving? You kind of mentioned obviously some category changes that are receiving from a more digital, more mobile, less branch work obvious – kind of some of the puts and takes around how the offering is changing, on how the selling process is changing, a little more detail would be great?
Gary Norcross: Yes. We’re really seeing spend increase in the areas that we started focusing on about four years ago. So where are people spending? Let’s first start with where they’re not spending. They’re not spending for on-premise type deployments. They're not spending in legacy technology today. Those are areas they're not spending on, which is where traditionally they were spending in many instances over the last three, four, five years. What we’re seeing is that really high accelerated spend. How do we take advantage of the massive deployment of cloud technology that FIS has done over the last four years? It certainly raises their availability to any – to nothing the industry is seeing. Frankly lowers their overall total cost of ownership. So really taking advantage of our cloud investments has been very important. They’re leaning in hard on our open API frameworks and spending a lot of money in that area. One, it gives them flexibility to modernize their more componentized approach. So instead of trying to do something big bang, they’re going to focus on the individual components. That then leads into seeing a lot of spend around our next generation componentized architecture, whether it’s digital enablement. So as you think about our Digital One platform, that really is truly a new omnichannel platform where no matter where the interaction with the consumer or the business occurs, no matter what channel, it goes through a unique platform. So there is a consistency and literally someone can start in one channel and end the interaction in a totally different channel. And we’re seeing that not only in banking; we’re seeing the same thing in capital markets, frankly seeing the same thing over in our Merchant business as well. So you’re right. They’re definitely moving spend from the traditional legacy. They’re putting a lot of those solutions more in a maintenance mode and then really trying to move and spend in next-generation digital engagement.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: That’s great. I might have missed whether you mentioned something on whether the pipeline increased.
Gary Norcross: Yes. The pipeline is very strong. We’re very pleased with what we’re seeing going on in our pipeline. It continues to grow. We traditionally have run our pipelines at about 2x of what we’re looking to generate in any given quarter in sales. And I would say our pipelines are running higher than that today. So we’re real pleased with where – not only our sales success, but the sales team is doing a very nice job of going out and building transaction momentum through pipeline. And obviously not everything in your pipeline closes. We’ve talked about that a lot over the years that I’ve been CEO. But we’re seeing very healthy activity in the pipeline as well, seeing a lot of deal flow coming in and going all the way through the decisions. So at this point in time, I think Q3 is shaping up to be another strong quarter in sales for us.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: That’s great. Thank you.
Operator: And your final question today comes from the line of George Mihalos from Cowen. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos: Hi. Congrats guys on very solid results and encouraging trends.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, George.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, George.
George Mihalos: I just wanted to circle back to your commentary on volumes within the merchant segment, I think up 4% or so in June and getting better. Just a point of clarification, when we compare that to the networks, that would seem to just suggest an acceleration to kind of the high-single digits, 7%-ish range or something like that. Just want to make sure I’m thinking about that correctly. And then related to that, it sounds like e-comm clearly getting better, more momentum there. Are you continuing to see improvement though in the U.S. SMB channel or has that started to kind of flatten off in terms of improvements in July?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I’ll touch base on the volumes and sales. We continue to see and continue to message that we are seeing volumes and trends right in line with the networks, as they continue to drive information in the marketplace out by week, by month. We continue to be right on top of those trends overall. So I think that’s absolutely the case and we would continue to expect that, given the scale and size of the business and our exposure across the globe similar to the networks. On the e-comm side, could you repeat the question on the e-comm side? I couldn’t hear you exactly, George.
George Mihalos: The e-comm side sounds like it’s showing additional momentum, but just curious about U.S. SMB. Is that continuing to improve as well or has that started to flatten out?
Woody Woodall: No. I think it would continue to improve as well as we go forward here. Demand for e-comm continues to be robust across the board. But I think that trend will continue for quite a long time, given the environment that we’re in.
George Mihalos: Okay, great. And just a quick follow up as it relates to the e-comm side competitively. The demise of Wirecard in Germany, is that an opportunity for you guys or is that something that could be helpful from a new business win perspective?
Gary Norcross: Yes. As we look at it, we certainly – some of the customers that were utilizing or some of the merchants that were utilizing Wirecard, we see that as an opportunity for organic sales. We’ve already had some success in signing some of those customers and we’ll continue to focus on it. Obviously, they’ve got to clear our standards around risk tolerance and other things, but we see a really continued good sales opportunity across the board through our organic approaches with our go-to markets in the various markets.
George Mihalos: Thanks, guys. Nice job.
Gary Norcross: Thank you. Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest and investment in FIS. I would also like to thank our clients for the trust they place in us to keep their businesses up and running every day. I’d also like to send my sincerest thanks to our more than 55,000 employees worldwide who without their efforts, we could not accomplish these results. If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, then please contact our Investor Relations team. Thank you. Be safe and goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for the FIS First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. The call is being webcasted this time. Today's news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at FIS Global, we promise. Gary Norcross, our Chairman, President and CEO will provide a business update, including our response to COVID-19. Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial Officer will then review FIS’s financial results and describe the recent trends that we are seeing within our segments.Turning to Slide 3, today's remarks will contain forward looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Also, throughout the conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings, and adjusted net earnings per share. These are important financial performance measures for the company, but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information are presented in an earnings release.With that, I'll turn the call over to Gary, who will begin his remarks with Slide 5.
Gary Norcross: Good morning and thank you again for joining us today. We're currently living in unprecedented times with the COVID-19 pandemic impacting the world on acumen, as well as an economic level, our hearts go out to all those who have been impacted by the virus. When we last got together to discuss our 2019 results, we never imagined what the next few months would bring. While we are here today to announce our first quarter results, I feel it's important to start by sharing what we're doing to protect our employees, as well as to support our clients and communities during this time.I will then discuss our strategy and investments, which will allow us to emerge from this pandemic and an even stronger competitive position, before turning the call over to Woody to review our first quarter financial performance. As a member of the President's Great Revival Industry Group and the Business Roundtable, I'm in regular dialogue with government and industry leaders around the world to chart a path toward economic recovery.While we are clearly in uncharted waters with this global spread of COVID-19, I strongly believe that FIS is well-positioned to navigate these challenging times. At FIS our immediate priorities are to keep our colleagues safe, to get back to our communities, and to support our clients.Early on, we executed company-wide crisis management measures to protect our colleagues’ health and safety. This included transitioning over 95% of our employees to work from home, expanding our employee benefits to include extended sick leave related to COVID-19, and enhancing our telemedicine benefits globally.We also broadened FIS Cares. Our employee funded charity to benefit our more than 55,000 employees around the globe in this time of critical need. Additionally, we are doing our part to help our communities on a broad scale. We have contributed supplies and personal protection equipment to the communities we serve and we have donated thousands of pre-paid cards to military families in the U.S. and abroad.In the U.K., we partnered with the Government Banking Service to provide healthcare workers with grocery and other supplies. We are also being nimble by leveraging our innovative technology in software development capabilities to quickly deploy new offerings and upgrades for our clients in this rapidly changing environment.For example, we swiftly implemented our real time lending service for many of our financial institution clients to enable them to streamline and speed the processing of the paycheck protection program under the U.S. Cares Act. To date, this service has driven much needed funding to more than 140,000 small businesses throughout the U.S.We also assisted several U.S. States to enable online purchasing of food for benefit recipients and we issued additional prepaid EBT cards to move critical government funds into the hands of the people and families who need it most. We're providing free Virtual Terminal access for merchants and retailers to enable them to easily accept secure online and contactless transactions.We continue to support the world's commerce that extends to providing payment processing to the U.S. and UK’s largest grocery and drugstores, as well as ensuring several well-known streaming services, enabling the world during this difficult time. In addition, in our capital markets group, we quickly increased our capacity to support three times normal trading volumes, which contributed to this quarter's positive results.And finally, through our newly created FIS Ventures program, we committed to invest $150 million over the next three years and promising FinTech companies, keeping us at the forefront of innovative technologies and digital transformation. We continue to serve our clients with strength and stability as the backbone to the global financial ecosystem, ensuring the transactions and accounts continue to be processed 24/7. I'm very proud of the way our employees have responded to shelter-in-place restrictions, while maintaining our client first and community giving spirit that forms the culture of FIS.Turning to Slide 6, our durable business model positions us well to navigate uncertainty. Our highly reoccurring revenue model coupled with our leading position in resilient markets, including financial services, e-commerce, and non-discretionary verticals, provide predictable revenue streams and lessen our exposure to volatility.As Woody will describe in a few moments, we have multiple levers to reduce our overall expense and protect our margins near term. Many of these reductions will benefit us now and into the future. Given our strong balance sheet, robust cash flow generation and liquidity, we have ample capacity to continue to invest throughout the duration of the pandemic.Moving to Slide 7, I want to reinforce that while these are extraordinary times our long-term strategy remains unchanged. We're committed to supporting our clients by advancing the way the world pays banks and invest. Our strategy is to accelerate organic growth by aggressively investing in innovative technologies and capabilities within our core business and executing large scale M&A to expand into secular high growth markets. This truly sets us apart from our competitors.We will build on our differentiation by developing cutting edge solutions through our modernization and innovation investments and continue to accelerate the integration of Worldpay. As you are aware, we embarked on a transformational modernization journey several years ago, beginning an ambitious new software development cycle to re-architect our solutions to be open, modular, and cloud-based.We did this because we believe that the financial services industry was moving towards its own transformation, and we wanted to be able to empower clients and the greater industry to change. Fast forward to today and clearly given our consistent sales success, FIS is leading the transformation of future ready innovations like automation, cloud native technologies, and digital omni-channel.As you think about this strategy that was implemented multiple years ago, COVID-19 will only accelerate this transformation. Going forward, we're excited to increase our commitment to this strategy and to continue powering the digital economy by providing your clients with access to innovation, world class scale, and data and insights. Our business is strong and has a long runway for growth. We're not slowing down and our priorities remain consistent.First, we will continue to invest in innovation, sales, and delivery to capitalize on our growing new sales pipelines. We had some exceptional wins in the quarter that I'll take you through in just a moment. Second, we will continue to execute on integration initiatives to accelerate synergy achievement. Third, we will scale in secular high growth markets and invest in disruptive technologies to reinforce the durability of our business model. Finally, we will drive efficiency through continued technology investments and by further streamlining our functional model.Moving on to Slide 8, our clients are clearly responding to our strategy. Our overall sales for the company was up 15% year-over-year led by continued strength in our banking segment. Due to the strength of our sales our overall company backlog increased by 6%. In banking, I'm excited to announce that we signed another three modern banking platform wins. First, Opel Bank is the first European-based bank to choose our new modern banking platform, demonstrating its global capability.Second, we're empowering one of the world's premier investment banks to help them enhance their retail operations by leveraging our modern banking platform in our private cloud. This will be a new launch for this powerhouse as they begin to offer retail checking accounts and other services. Third, one of the largest Canadian banks chose FIS to modernize our broad U.S. business by leveraging our Modern Banking Platform and Digital One Solutions.All three new wins cited the superior advanced platform architecture, which will ease their path to innovation and drive increased openness across their institutions as reasons why they chose FIS. Combined with the three Top 30 bank wins that we announced last quarter, this signifies six strategic wins in back-to-back corners. These are significant for many reasons, but the most important one is the growing movement of large financial institutions to sunset legacy on premise systems and invest in FIS new next gen and cloud-based solutions to enable their future success. Even in the pandemic, these clients are not stopping their investments necessary to transform.Turning to our Merchant segment, although we are seeing significant near-term impact from the ongoing pandemic, our impressive scale and advanced suite of services has enabled us to continue to win new deals. For example, a large global retailer will consolidate relationships with approximately 40 different providers around the world, exclusively to FIS. This reinforces our ability to leverage our differentiated global reach to win share of wallet across large multinationals and global brands.In addition, we want to deal with a growing specialty retailer and the healthcare vertical to implement our payment technology at their over 600 U.S. locations. The merchant chose FIS because our unique technology and scale advantages continue to create significant value relative to the competition. In capital markets, client demand continues for our end-to-end solutions delivered through a SaaS model.We signed a deal with a leading financial services company to provide a cloud-enabled commercial lending solution that will allow them to meet new U.S. regulatory requirements. Additionally, a large financial institution chose our cloud-based platform to manage credit and market risk. This significant win is another great indicator of our cross-selling abilities as this continues to be our large banking solutions plan. These wins further reinforce that our unique strategy remains compelling to our clients and is helping them progress their transformation during these uncertain times.As we look to the future in our increasing implementation backlog, now more than ever, remote capabilities have become essential. So, we've taken our cloud-based remote service model to the next level to provide the most robust, uninterrupted support available. Our remote delivery capabilities are proving invaluable.During the last six weeks, we have moved the fully remote implementations within banking and have increased professional services to 90% remote delivery within capital markets. This includes the implementation of our three new pivotal Top 30 bank wins that we announced last quarter, which all remain on track.I continue to be proud of the role we play at the center of the global financial ecosystem at a time when we are needed most. Thanks to all of our colleagues for your hard work and perseverance.I will now turn the call over to Woody to discuss our financial results. Woody?
Woody Woodall: Thank you, Gary. I would also like to welcome everyone to today's call and wish you and your families well. This morning I will review our first quarter results and provide an integration update before transitioning into the COVID-19 impact on our segment revenue. I'll then discuss our margin profile, which continues to be positively impacted by our achievement of cost synergies. We are also pulling short term costs levers that we traditionally use in response to macro headwinds, in order to support near term profitability. I will wrap-up with our strong balance sheet and liquidity position.All of our remarks substantiate that we will have the financial strength and wherewithal to support our clients through the pandemic. We will use this time to invest in new products and advanced technology, as well as to accelerate the integration of Worldpay. This will position us to emerge from this challenging environment in an even stronger competitive position as Gary mentioned a moment ago.Turning to Slide 10. The majority of our recurring revenue is expected to see little or no impact from COVID-19. We did however see impact to transaction related revenues across our merchant and banking segments this quarter, particularly in March, as government actions and lockdown orders became widespread. On a consolidated basis, organic revenue growth was 2%, including a 1 percentage point headwind associated with a previously discussed one-time benefit received during the same period in 2019. On a like-for-like basis, growth would have been 3%.Adjusted EBITDA increased to $1.2 billion during the quarter, and our margins expanded 510 basis points to 40.5%. Margin expansion was driven by accelerated Worldpay synergies, as well as the proactive expense levers we pulled in response to COVID-19. Adjusted EPS increased 10% to $1.28 per share, primarily due to the cost discipline I just mentioned.Turning to our segments. Banking Solutions revenue increase 1% organically overcoming two-points of one time benefits received in the prior year period. On a like-for-like basis, banking solutions would have grown 3%. Revenue growth was driven by new sale wins, as we've described over the past several quarters. Banking adjusted EBITDA was $614 million, representing 140 basis points of margin expansion to 42%.Merchant solutions reported flat organic revenue growth. Prior to the spread of COVID-19 performance in this segment was robust, maintaining the accelerating double-digit growth trends that we reported in the fourth quarter. The pandemic significantly impacted transaction volumes in the second half of the quarter. However, we have recently seen improving trends in some areas.Merchant adjusted EBITDA was $422 million representing significant margin expansion to 45%, primarily due to the Worldpay acquisition. Our capital markets segment showed great resilience growing 7% organically. This exceptional performance was primarily driven by continued growth in recurring revenue, following several quarters of strong new sales, as well as strong quarter of license renewals.Capital markets adjusted EBITDA was $280 million representing 260 basis points of expansion to 44%. As we have done in the past, FIS continues to optimize our portfolio of assets by positioning certain non-strategic businesses for either closure or sale. As a result, certain assets were reclassified from banking and merchant into the corporate and other segment. These operations represent less than 2% of first quarter revenue.Turning to Slide 11. Revenue synergies increased 25% sequentially to $100 million on an annualized run rate basis. We continue to see strength in our premium payback initiatives, bank referral agreements, as well as optimization of our portfolio and debit card routing. We had several key wins this quarter, which reinforce the power of our combination.First, another leading U.S. retailer will implement our innovative premium payback solution. Demand for this product is strong and growing. The combination of our innovative technology development capabilities with Worldpay stellar reputation among the world's leading merchants is clearly paying dividends. Second, we signed two new referral agreements with leading financial institutions adding hundreds of branches to our distribution network.Third, we developed an innovative healthcare solution with a leading benefits provider. The transactions are acquired by Worldpay as the merchant processor and approved by FIS using our own authorization engine. Even in the face of COVID-19. We are confident in our ability to achieve our 2020 and 2022 revenue synergy targets based on these impressive new wins and our rapid progress to date.Turning to cost synergies. These also increased 25% sequentially to $580 million on an annualized run rate basis. We continue to make significant progress in consolidating our merchant and issuer platforms and reducing duplicative corporate costs. In addition, we are rationalizing our facility footprint and driving functional alignment within our organization to accelerate our attainment of cost synergies. In total, we now have line of sight to at least $700 million in cost synergies on an annualized run rate basis by the end of this year.Turning to Slide 12. Given the current macro environment, I wanted to provide some additional transparency on the areas of our business which I’ve seen impact from the pandemic. On a consolidated basis, the majority of our revenues are expected to see little or no impact from COVID-19. Most of our business is supported by recurring revenue, which gives us comfort in our ability to weather extremely challenging periods.In our Banking Solution segment, financial institutions rely on our mission critical infrastructure to continue moving money and fuel the economy. More than 80% of this business is based on recurring revenue model, which is resilient and predictable. We anticipate this portion of Banking Solutions to remain fairly insulated from COVID-19. As Gary discussed, new sales have been strong and our pipeline continues to build with a heightened demand for next generation technologies and outsourcing.Approximately 13% of the Banking Segments recurring revenue mix is transaction related and has more exposure to changes in the macro environment. For example, debit, credit and network volumes declined as shelter-in-place orders expanded around the globe. While banking also has professional services revenue, our teams have done an excellent job modifying our processes to provide these services remotely.Based on these rapid innovations, I expect modest impact in the short-term and actually long term benefit as we implement these new remote processes. While our banking business is highly resilient, impacts from the ongoing pandemic push revenue growth trends to flat to slightly down in April. And we would expect this growth trajectory to sustain in the short-term.In our Merchant Solutions segment, we are a leading acquirer globally and we are differentiated by our technology enabled solutions and a diversity of our portfolio, which includes sophisticated multinational clients, leading global brands, innovative startups, and everything in between. This business is based on transactional revenue, primarily driven by consumer spending. Although COVID-19 caused acquiring volumes to deteriorate, we expect to see these volumes to start to return as locked down orders are eased, and businesses begin to reopen.Looking at merchant solution trends during the quarter, organic revenue growth was 10% in January. Beginning in February, our travel and airlines vertical started seeing a drop in volume, initially in Asia. These verticals eventually reached 90% plus volume declines, following the adoption and travel restrictions by various countries before stabilizing at these low levels.As global social distancing policies, lock down and shelter-in-place orders became increasingly widespread. We began to see the impact spread across many of our traditional point-of-sale verticals, including retail and restaurant with volume stabilizing down approximately 30% year-over-year in April. There's some bright spots. Non-discretionary verticals such as grocery and drug are resilient during recessionary periods, and have recently experienced strong consumer demand growing nearly 20%.In addition, we are seeing strength in e-commerce. Excluding travel and airlines with transactions increasing more than 30% in April, primarily driven by strong growth in digital and online retail. In total, consumer spending trends are depressed with merchant solutions volumes declining approximately 30% year-over-year, and organic revenue growth trending down about 40% for the second quarter based on April volumes.The [10-point delta] between volumes and revenue is primarily caused by the delay of the U.S. tax filing deadline from April 15 to July 15. We process millions of consumer tax payments with our biller direct solution, pushing the associated revenue out of the second quarter and into the third quarter. Based on our current analysis of trends, we believe April should be the low watermark.We have seen signs of stabilization across the segment, and even some improvement in traditional point-of-sale volumes during the last few weeks. We anticipate further improvement in transaction volumes and shelter-in-place, and lockdown ordinances are relaxed.Finally, capital markets were shielded from the impact of COVID-19 during the quarter, primarily due to our large and growing recurring revenue base. In April, capital markets organic revenue growth was relatively flat. As professional services and license sales began to see impact and we expect this growth trajectory to sustain in the short-term. We are confident in the long-term growth trajectory of our business, which is positioned to resume accelerating growth in 2021 and 2022, as the global economy recovers from this pandemic.Turning to Slide 13, we are maintaining our commitment to invest for the future as we continue to drive the accelerating growth profile of our business for the long-term. Our capital spending plans remain unchanged in 2020 enabling us to use this time to further invest in innovation and next gen technology, while others are retrenching. We will continue to invest in our global sales force to capture the market demand for our solutions, as well as enhancing our implementation and delivery capabilities to convert our impressive new wins into revenue without disruption.We've identified more than $1 billion in total cost savings initiatives that we will execute by the end of 2020. In addition to accelerating permanent cost actions that will enable us to achieve at least $700 million in Worldpay cost synergies by the end of the year we are also taking additional proactive expense reduction measures to protect our earnings and cash flow. These actions are generating more than $300 million in short-term savings through a significant reduction in short-term bonuses, restricting travel expenditures, and reducing hiring of non-revenue generating roles and third party expenses.These actions are designed to minimize the impact of employees and future growth. While these initiatives have an immediate and material impact to our second quarter and full-year 2020 margin profile, they will not fully offset the loss of significant transaction related revenue as these revenue streams carry a very high contribution margin.Given the impacts today, we would anticipate margin contraction in the second quarter. However, based on the strength of our business model, synergy attainment and other expense actions, we continue to anticipate margin expansion for full year 2020 over 2019 levels.Turning to Slide 14, we have ample liquidity of $3 billion as of March 31, which includes cash and cash equivalents of 1.4 billion and 1.6 billion of available revolver capacity. We don't have any bond maturities in 2020 with our next maturity of 500 million euros during the first quarter of 2021. We also generated 539 million of free cash flow, compared to 249 million in the prior period representing an increase of more than 100% year-over-year.Our board of directors approved an approximately $216 million dividend that will be paid on June 26. Our capital allocation priorities remain focused on de-leveraging the balance sheet. As a result of the pandemic, our 2.7 times leverage ratio target is now expected to extend into 2021. We are focused on free cash flow generation, which will allow us to continue debt repayment and make ongoing investments in innovation and delivery.As Gary described, we remain committed to our strategy and will continue to invest for growth. Our strong execution and the resiliency of our durable business model gives me confidence in FIS now and into the future. This concludes our prepared remarks.Operator, you may open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will go to Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Alright, thanks, guys. Just one question on the merchant business and then a quick structural question on the banking side, but first on the merchant business, and by the way, I'm glad everybody sounds like they're doing okay through this. Guy's, you know, the mix between e-com and brick-and-mortar and what the trends you're seeing there in terms of digital versus brick-and-mortar spending either now, and you know, recent weeks, but probably more importantly, can you talk to how that structurally sets you up that combined with your tech solutions, integrated payments, for the other side of this pandemic, in terms of market share opportunities, so recent trends and market share there. And then, I mean, it's really good to see the six wins now on the banking side. I'd be curious to hear your thoughts on your position in the FinTech side around the digital banking, and if you're seeing a lot of in-bound demand? Thanks guys.
Woody Woodall: I thought I might give some color on the April volumes again, just specifically, and then Gary can kind of touch on market positioning and the wins and sales. You know, we had really three different buckets things that were negatively impacted significantly. I would say that was primarily travel and airlines, which were down roughly 90% in April. Our traditional or normal pick point-of-sale volumes were down roughly in-line with Visa and MasterCard results from last week were about 30%.The bright spots in the business were a couple of things. As we talked about grocery and drug, they were up about 20%. E-com ex travel and airlines was up 30%, cross border ex travel and airlines was up 30%, and digital which was mostly in support of streaming and gaming was up roughly 80% in the month of April. So that gives you some – just some incremental color on what was positively impacted. What was moderately impacted to the negative and what was significantly impacted to the negative. And I'll let Gary kind of touch on the market positioning in the sales side.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, look Darrin, we've had extremely strong quarters in sales. We highlighted several in our merchant business, which is just really our global nature and scale coming to play with our strong technology. We think that'll benefit us greatly where obviously we think we'll see a further acceleration from cash to electronic transactions, which will play very strong to our strengths across the board and merchant, but especially on e-com, and also on our integrated platform.So, we're excited about us being able to take share as we come out of this, when you look at the banking, you know, we really have had exceptionally strong results in banking in the sales for consistently every quarter. This quarter by far banking was the leader in our overall sales to help propel us to 15% year-over-year. So, obviously, they were north of that. We are highlighting the significant wins in modern banking, because we've talked about a number of years on this call about when do we think we'll see this trend formation of all this pent-up legacy on-premise capability in very large financial institutions?When do we think we'll start seeing them pull this trigger to start moving to more digital open banking frameworks? And certainly we're seeing that now with these six wins and back-to-back quarters with some really significant ones with three of them being in the Top 30 last quarter alone. As we think about FinTech, you know, one of the reasons that we see them as a competitive front; at this point in time we started our investment two years ago on next generation technology.We're a leader in cloud-based deployment and our systems have performed exceptionally well. We're highlighting the wins and not only modern banking platform, but in our digital channels like Digital One. So, we think that's going to play give us a huge competitive advantage going forward, but with that being said, you know, we also announced this quarter our FIS ventures and 150 million investment that we are going to do in FinTech companies just to make sure that, you know if there's something that we can take advantage of, we will, but there's a lot going on. And we certainly believe that COVID-19 if anything will accelerate this transformation.We have a lot of our customers now, trying to understand how do I get to the cloud? How do I get to automation? How do I get to an open banking platform? Because these legacy systems are very cumbersome, especially during times of crisis like this when you're trying to push people to work from home. We've seen our digital channels, we've seen volume and Woody talked about the 80% growth in digital and e-com. We've seen the similar front on digital across our banking business and even into our capital markets group.So, you know, the demand for consumers to get access to their capabilities in these times of crisis get very high and that that obviously accelerates your need for openness and digital deployment. So, we think this will further accelerate the transformation. We're seeing our pipeline, not only are we having record sales quarter-in quarter-out, we're also seeing a pipeline grow very dramatically. So, we're excited about the position we're in and certainly, we think our team is executing well against it.
Darrin Peller: That's great. And you guys have the capability to implement through this time and get all these deals actually up and running in the timing as you would hope for?
Gary Norcross: Yeah, you know, look, we highlighted that in the call. If you would have told me, you know look, a lot of things that we're doing is just unprecedented in this time of crisis. If you would have told me four months ago, we could go to fully remote implementations and banking, I would have said, we're still years away from that. Fast forward, and in the last six weeks, we're at 100%. And I'm involved as you would imagine, at the CEO level with a lot of these large key accounts and we really have not – the team’s just done a phenomenal job I've not missed a beat.Even our capital markets group, which was traditionally on-prem for professional services or a huge percentage of it, we've been able to move that to 90%. So got a little more work to do in capital markets. The team is certainly rallying around that, and the customers are as well, but at this point in time, six weeks in at 100%, remote implementation and banking, that's outstanding, and we feel very good about it. You know, we highlighted the three top 30 wins from last quarter and the three this quarter, but as you imagine, we sign hundreds and hundreds of transactions a quarter in banking. And so the reality is all of those require implementations and really get that 100%. It says a lot about the company and where we've made investments, but also says a lot about our talent here and what they're doing to serve our customers.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. Stay safe.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Darrin.
Operator: We'll go to Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America Berg. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey, good morning, guys. Hope you're doing well. I just wanted to ask on the cost synergies side, I didn't see an update on the three year target there. I think where we left off last quarter, we were at 675, of which 275 was interest expense. And now I know that you're adding 100 million to the 2020 cost synergy target. So, can you clarify where we stand for the exiting 2022 target?
Woody Woodall: Yeah, you know, we have 425 of our operating synergies exiting in 2020 along with the 275 gets you to the 700 we were discussing in terms of exiting 2020. We have not updated a 2022 number, other than we're going to be above the original target on OpEx by this year. And we'll continue to drive efficiencies out of the process, but I think it allows as Jason to some level get very focused on driving revenue synergies and accelerating our growth profile.We're very pleased with the accelerated cost actions that we've done to be able to get those costs out rapidly. And, you know, we feel very good about where we're at, but probably not going to update a 2022 cost target at this point.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, you know, Jason, like we've done in the past, just from my position, it's all about getting this – the integration done as quickly as possible. Frankly, getting your balance sheet reloaded. The faster we can move on integration, whether it's cost or revenue, the better for us as a company because we pull our teams together in a much more galvanized way. Our clients, we, you know, don't see any disruption through the process. So, the fact that we're already going to be well ahead of our targets by the end of this year, I couldn't be more pleased to have a team and if you look at the revenue side as well, Woody gave a lot of input into the kinds of signings that we're seeing in the revenue synergy, and how that's on-boarding, and there's just, you know we're going to continue to lean in on that, but like always, even once we get the cost integration behind us, what you've seen us do at FIS for years is we're always focusing on how to further drive operating efficiencies.Woody highlighted the need to drive more functional organization deployment. We're well down the path. Through the integration of Worldpay that's going to continue reevaluating our real estate as part of COVID-19 as a backdrop we’re so successful at working from home. We're going to really take a hard look at that. So, there's just a lot more, labors who will continue to pull that'll drive benefits into the future, but at some point in time, we'll want to declare victory on the integration. And it's just more about moving on and running the business then.
Jason Kupferberg: Yeah, well, it's great to see two years ahead of schedule along on that target. Just as a quick follow up, going back to the chart on Slide 10, and I guess it was or 12, sorry, with the verticals, or the segments, I should say, can you just help us on the banking side with that chart there? You have the three pieces of banking solution revenue, can you just give us a sense of what the growth rates for those three pieces look like in Q1 and in April?
Woody Woodall: Yeah, you know, we've talked about banking overall being at 83%, 17% non-recurring, you know, banking would have grown roughly 3% without the headwind. Certainly that that small sliver or 13% of the transaction related was the one driving that growth rate down compared to maybe mid single digits, which is where we're anticipating guided to originally in the plan. The balance of the 17% was roughly in line with plan and then the remaining you know, 70% that's not transaction right. It was roughly in line with plan Jason.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, terrific. Thanks guys. Stay safe.
Gary Norcross: Thanks.
Operator: Pardon me, we will go to David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning and good to hear your voices, Gary, Woody and Nate. Gary, you had 6% backlog growth in the first quarter of this year, and then at the end of 2019, you had 20%, backlog growth, how should we think about these big wins? Especially the three Top 30 wins in the fourth quarter, starting to layer into revenue for banking solutions in 2020 and 2021?
Gary Norcross: Yeah, no, it's I just couldn't be prouder. David, it's great to hear your voice as well. I'm glad you're doing well. And – but as you think about, I couldn't be prouder of where the sales teams have been in executing in this transformation, and what we're seeing is just a lot of continuous demand. As we've talked in the past, some of these deals have been really long term sales processes. And some of them, you know, when you start getting in the Top 30, some of them are greater than 12 months to implement.So, we've got a really kind of two scenarios. We've got some of our signings on modern banking platform are going to launch with a single product, right to get to market as quickly as possible kind of land and then expand and displace their legacy. Some are looking to big bang displace their legacy in a wholesale broader asset class, and so, for example, moving all of their deposit operations at one time as an example. And so depending on the scope of the implementation also depends on how rapidly you'll start seeing revenues contribute to the banking business.We will with that as a backdrop, though, be driving revenue through the implementation process through professional services. So, you're already seeing some acceleration at growth. Woody talked about banking, really performing well in line with our plan. You know, had you stripped out COVID-19, we were teed up in banking actually.Overdrive this year, given everything that we've signed and given how successful those implementations are going, but implementation typically to answer your question run anywhere similar to the sales cycle about 12 months before you really start seeing real processing revenue dropped at the top and bottom line, and in average across all of our wins in banking. That's, that's consistently what you're seeing.So, you'll notice banking has been very consistent accelerating their growth rates over the last year. That's because of the historical success of sales. So, you have – we had a great quarter six quarters ago, 12 months later, roughly, you're starting to see that on-boarding and vice versa, and you kind of get that momentum. And so, we're really bullish on what's going on in the banking business, similar on the merchant business as well. When you look at what – you look at where they were targeted, Woody highlighted the growth rates that we were seeing on a merchant through January.We saw a little earlier impact and some just due to our Asia exposure with COVID, but just a phenomenal business for us, and really high growth sector markets. And then capital markets just had a phenomenal quarter. That team continues to do an excellent job managing through that transition from license sales, to SaaS reoccurring, and so, really all three segments are performing at a very high level right now for FIS.
David Togut: Appreciate that. And just as a follow up woody in your prepared remarks he talked about a return to growth in 2021 and 2022, is there any way to start to dimension what that growth might look like?
Woody Woodall: I would say very difficult because the comps are difficult for 2021 in terms of what 2020 lands at David, but the point would be back to the original sort of sans COVID outlook, we were accelerating in the lineup that we had originally through the Worldpay acquisition because you’ve seen us going, you know, closer to 7% this year, and then moving forward without it into [seven to nine] in the go-forward year. So, I think the overall strategy that we talked about in terms of trying to accelerate our overall growth profile sans COVID-19 was playing out exactly as we anticipated.
David Togut: Understood, thanks so much. Stay safe.
Operator: We will go to Tien-tsin Huang of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Thanks so much. That was really impressive that you guys are fully remote with the implementations and those are all on track, and there's a lot of hard work to get there. So, I'm curious longer-term implications of this, does this change your delivery costs? And maybe how you bill for that relative to terms you would normally agree to as an SLA? And I'm thinking here, could it lower the total cost of ownership for clients that might be considering an upgrade here in any way?
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, I think you're bringing up an interesting point. We talk about it almost daily, you know, in our daily debriefs and how we're thinking about the pandemic and the impact it's going to have, obviously, short-term, but also long-term and do I think that remote implementations are going to be the new norm going forward? You know depending on how long this goes, the duration, I think, these practices could get really burned in. You know, do I think they'll say at 100%?You know there's always a time where someone wants to be in the same room, but I do think it will materially change the way we do business with regards to implementation. I think travel and those expenses associated with travel are always a high number with implementations, and certainly, a way for our clients and prospects to lower their total cost of ownership on delivery and implementation. But I do think we'll see a long-term impact where more and more of this will get remote.From a pricing standpoint, I don't see impact there for us. I mean I think whether they're remote or on-prem, the cost of resources – the cost of the resource and the way we price for that, we're not expecting any impact whatsoever, but I do think the ability to do much more of this on a remote basis. I think a lot of our travel, where we were aggressive over the years as all companies were on travel, I think, you'll see that, just in general, come down as well because we've all gotten very successful at video conferencing and working through this new medium as we deliver service.
Tien-tsin Huang: Yes, good stuff. My follow-up, if you don't mind, just on the merchant side, how is the – I know you said the pipeline for digital is strong, do you think that you're able to backfill some of this lost travel business relatively quickly with some new e-com business as merchants adapt to a more digital world? Just trying to think about how that interplay of pull forward versus, you know, maybe a return to normal how that might play out? And then also, just because some people are asking me, on Slide 12, the Merchant Solutions, the wheel chart, where you show the percentages there, is that – just to clarify, that's a revenue percentage contribution of each and – because I'm sure the volume contribution is quite different? Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Right. Correct. That is a revenue contribution. You know, I do think we'll be able to offset some of the travel and airlines. You've already got a digital business. It's already larger on a percentage basis of revenue than our travel and airlines business, you've already got that percentage, as Woody highlighted, growing 80%, so they were in. We’re also successfully taking share.So, as you think about it, I do think there's an opportunity here. If you look back historically over the last 12 months, our digital sales have performed very nicely over the last four quarters. And so, I expect that to continue. So quick answer is yes, I do expect that we'll be able to fill in some of that gap. And we also expect to see our travel and airline business start showing some recovery later this year.
Tien-tsin Huang: Terrific. Thanks for the update.
Operator: Now, we'll go to Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Hi guys. Hi Woody, I’m glad you’re well. Thank you for all the details.
Woody Woodall: Hi, Ashwin. How are you?
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hey. Yes, good to hear voices. Questions on – I guess the first question is on expense levers that you have you can quantify some of the things that are getting you the incremental synergies, the cost savings, the clarification of the incremental $300 million, you know, to get to the cost savings of $1 billion, is that incremental to the cost synergies that you laid out and independent of it?
Gary Norcross: Yes.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: And on the flipside, your shrinkage, as you think of it, when you have shrinkage, is the 65% to 70% sort of a good marker for negative operating leverage?
Gary Norcross: I'm sorry, if you repeat your last question…
Woody Woodall: Last question, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Oh, so you mentioned that there is going to be shrinkage obviously, right, in parts of the business. As we think of shrinkage and the impact on margins, is it 65%, 70% a good marker for how to think of decremental margins?
Woody Woodall: Got it.
Gary Norcross: Got it, yes.
Woody Woodall: I'll touch based on both of those and then, Gary’s can add any color. If you look at the $300 million incremental short-term cost levers that we talked about, most of those are shorter-term in nature. Some of those will be permanent, but most of them will be shorter-term in nature really around short-term bonus reduction, it will be travel reduction, as Gary mentioned earlier. We'll also have some reduction in consulting costs.We've got, you know, a hiring freeze connected to non-revenue generating positions, so all of those things – we can turn those levers off really quickly, but it's more – a little more short term in nature. We're also looking at incremental facilities, but those are separate and distinct from the $700 million of cost synergies that we identified in the prepared remarks and in the pages themselves. When you look at contribution margin, I would tell you, the last payment processing revenues come along a very high contribution margin, call it 75% plus.So, it's certainly impacting the margin profile, but we're doing, you know, everything we can in terms of trying to protect short-term margins, while one, trying to minimize impact on employees and minimize the impact of future growth because we do believe we'll come out of this very strong.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I would just – to build on that, Ashwin, what we really wanted to focus on was our employees, our colleagues around the world. We wanted to make sure that, you know, we maintained – unlike the 2008, 2009 crisis, this isn’t a financial crisis, and so for us, it's a health crisis, and we want to make sure that we maintain our colleagues. We want to maintain that we're focusing on our clients and implementation. And so, the short-term levers are not unlike what we pulled in 2008, 2009. And if you'll remember, coming out of 2008, 2009, we actually saw 200% plus of margin expansion.Now, what I would tell you is based on April results and where we're seeing us arrive at a low watermark there, honestly, Woody and I both and the whole leadership team are very confident that we'll get margin expansion for the – few years. But several of these cost levers obviously will come back, right, as – into next year as we start returning to our normal. Some, which will be counted outside of the synergy, will actually have long-term ramifications. As we look at real estate, you know, we're taking a real hard look at our real – our global real estate footprint to start challenging ourselves on, you know, we're so effectively working from home, do you need that real estate going forward? So, there will be some of these levers on hold and we’ll actually have long-term recurring benefit to FIS.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And the follow-on, I mean, both of you mentioned the phrase coming out of this strong, which is something obviously we believe in as well. The question really is, as you look at the segments and look at competition across three segments, what are sort of the elements that competitive advantage that you think you can exercise, you know, the most and quickest in order to sort of demonstrate that strength that you mentioned?
Gary Norcross: Well, I think we're seeing it in our sales, and we're seeing in our accelerating growth rates across all three segments. We made such a conscious decision over about four years ago to really start investing heavily in next generation technologies like the cloud. We leveraged our data center consolidation program, which, as you know, was focused on taking 250 million of cost down annually. All of that investment has allowed us to pivot very, very quickly, to not only work from home, but to drive new capabilities into the market, whether it's through mass enablement of product.You know, we deployed our real time lending solution to more than 80 financial institutions in a week's period of time. I mean, that's just unprecedented and we were able to do that because of the next generation of technology. So, whether that plays in banking, whether that plays in capital markets, whether that plays in merchant, on all three fronts, we've been making those investments and it's really starting to differentiate. We highlighted the large multi-national and literally combining 40 different providers to just FIS globally.If you want an example of where we differentiate, that's the perfect example where we literally can take out 40 different competitors, 40 different solution providers, and really drive a unique omni-channel experience for that single customer in our merchant portfolio. So, we really do think that that investment that we started is really paying huge dividends for us, and look, it's a very competitive market. So, we see a lot of competition out there. We just feel really good about our ability to compete on a number of these fronts.So whether it's availability, we've got industry leading availability across all of our technology stacks; whether it's next generation innovation, and you know, we talked about it on multiple calls, we're bringing new innovations to market that we've been working on. We continue to functionalize a lot of our operation, which really helps us to be much more nimble. We've now pulled all of engineering together on banking and payments, which really allows us to accelerate those kind of investments. So, there's just a lot of things going very well right now at FIS. So, I would say across all three segments, those are the things that really differentiate us.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: That's a really great summary, appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Now we'll go to Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Oh, yes. Hey guys. Thank you, and excited to hear you guys.
Gary Norcross: Hey.
Dave Koning: Yes, hey, there. So I guess my first question just on the merchant segment, you know, historically, we kind of thought about it between the tech solutions, and then, the kind of legacy merchant businesses, and, you know, often the first group would grow kind of high teens and the second group could grow kind of low-to-mid. I know right now you mentioned e-com, you know, is challenged by some of the airline stuff, but maybe if you could just give us the growth rates between those two, and you know, how they move in a market like this?
Woody Woodall: Yes. We're trying to give you some color almost breaking down pieces within the e-com, between e-com, ex-travel and traveling airlines, plus 30, cross border ex-travel airlines, plus 30, and then, the digital plus 80, with airlines going down roughly 90%. If you're looking at integrated, integrated certainly had some more negative impact because of its connectivity to small and medium sized merchants, which has obviously had some down.So, we try to give you some different views of color this time and break those segments down incrementally. We didn't highlight necessarily the old way of looking at it how Worldpay did with the tech stack because of the different profile between small business on integrated and the different underlying dynamics going on in e-com, some very positive, some relatively negative being travel and airlines, Dave.
Dave Koning: Okay. No, that's helpful. And then, I guess the same thing on the legacy, way we looked at FIS just between GFS and IFS, it seems like you're winning a lot in GFS, but maybe how does the current situation kind of impact the bigger versus smaller banks?
Gary Norcross: You know, honestly, we feel great about what's going on across our entire market. So, we don't even really – there's really no way to break down GFS, IFS vernacular. We're having tremendous sales success not only in the large financial institutions, but also in community markets. We've continued to do exceptionally well with some of our – with a lot of our investments that we've made around cloud, our investments around digital, and all of those are contributing and grow.So, when we think about where we are in banking today, we really think about a U.S. centric focus on the U.S. centric portion of banking. We really think of it as larger institutions, a larger community banks into the largest in the country, and then, obviously, we think about banking globally in the various regions, whether it's Europe, whether it's Asia-Pacific or LatAm, but we really feel good about where the banking business is stacking up given – and it really does date back to just the significant investments that the team started making in next generation technologies and it's far more than just modern banking platform.If you look at Digital One, for example, our next generation digital omni-channel experience, that’s ubiquitous across all of our markets and across all of our platforms and even plays globally. So, the team's done a really excellent job with next generation design, development and delivery.
Dave Koning: Great. Well, hey, thanks, guys.
Operator: And we’ll go to Timothy Chiodo with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Timothy Chiodo: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I think I echo some of the earlier comments, thank you for Slide Number 12, it's extremely helpful. Just given the near term and potentially the longer term mix shifts in the business towards digital, e-com, etcetera, we've been getting a lot of questions and hopefully you can help us just clarify some of the varying economics across the various channels, whether it's cross card-present to card-not-present, cross border versus domestic transactions, or maybe protect any highlights by vertical, anything you can comment in terms of – within the acquiring segment, what the economics are, how they differ, potential to sell additional ancillary services, anything along those lines would be very helpful?
Woody Woodall: We have spent a lot of time detailing out dynamics there, but overall, I'd say, you know, cross border tends to have a little better economics. You know, grocery and drugs have a little less. And then, you know, e-commerce is better than point-of-sale, cross border being the top, e-com being a little better than point-of-sale, but those are kind of at least some of the dynamics we're thinking about in the economics within those individual components.
Timothy Chiodo: Okay, great. That's very helpful. And then also, I apologize for circling back, and my apologies if you’ve mentioned this already, but could you just dig in a little bit to the Q2 Merchant disconnect, the 30 versus the 40 and the push out of revenue into Q3 that you mentioned with a little more color, that would be greatly appreciated?
Woody Woodall: Yes, it's very specific. Our merchant volumes in April were roughly down 30% in the aggregate, generally in line with kind of the Visa, MasterCard information that came out last week. If you look at that compared to our expectation of revenue down roughly 40% in April, we do a lot of tax payment calculations or tax payments for the government and our consumers are filing their taxes, that tax deadline moved from April 15, which is a Q2 item when we normally see the revenue, to July 15 where we'll see that revenue in the third quarter of this year. So, you’ve just got a little swing between the second and third quarter between tax payments just based on moving the tax filing deadline.
Timothy Chiodo: Alright, great. That's extremely helpful. Thanks a lot.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: And our last question will come from George Mihalos with Cowen. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos: Hey, thanks, guys. Glad you’re doing well and thanks for squeezing me in.
Gary Norcross: Hey, George.
George Mihalos: Two quick questions, if I may, I guess first, Woody, just to circle back on the trends in April, I think you said volume overall was down, call it about 30%. I'm just curious if you could talk a little bit about maybe what the exit rate in April was compared to the beginning of the month? I would assume it's gotten somewhat better as the month has gone on?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I would agree. It has gotten a little bit better and even into, you know, May 7 now, we are seeing the trends improve a little bit. I wouldn't say it's a rapid bounce back, but we are certainly seeing the trend starting to improve to your point, both at the end of April, and into even early May.
Gary Norcross: Yes, just – George as you would expect, as state start lessening, right, their stay-at-home policies and start opening up the states, right, as you would expect, we're starting to see not only those volumes bottomed out, but improvements as those decisions are making and being made.
George Mihalos: Okay, that's very helpful. And just a quick follow-up, and I think you – Woody, you sort of touched on this on with Ashwin’s question, but if we look at sort of the $300 million of temporary cost savings, cost cuts that you've implemented, is there a portion or should we think about a portion of that that may end up being permanent? And then, you know, exactly what are you looking for to reinstitute some of those expenses? Is that a return to grow with a specific, you know, historic growth rate? Any color around that would be helpful. Thank you, guys.
Woody Woodall: Yes, that's right. Within the $300 million, certainly, some of it will be permanent in nature. I think it will be aligned with a return to more normalized growth coming on the outside of this. You know we had positions that needed to be filled, but because they're not revenue generating in the short-term…
Gary Norcross: That’s right.
Woody Woodall: …we're having it frozen versus trying to impact current employees, for example. So, we're definitely going to see some of those costs come back, but some of them will be more permanent as we try to reduce third-party expenses, reduce travel permanently.
Gary Norcross: Yes.
Woody Woodall: And reduce consulting costs on a more permanent basis here. So, some will be permanent, some will be short-term in nature.
Gary Norcross: Yes. I mean, look, George, we've talked a little bit about that and another one, but, you know, as you think about real estate, you know, I think we'll make some real estate decisions that will be permanent in nature. You know, as you think about travel, we know – we think that will be very slow to recover on certain things, especially a lot – any kind of discretionary travel. As you think about contractors, as you think about some of those things, and we really – we already had those on target.You know that's a really good opportunity for us to move some of these functions internally to FIS at much lower dollars and we had a lot of that teed up anyway, but that's just all part of the things that we consistently do in running the company. So, I do think some of these – some of those savings will be long term in nature. What we wanted to do as a team is just rally around the need to make sure that we keep our investments going through this pandemic, because obviously, we want to maximize our growth coming out of this.We think there's a real opportunity, given the strength as a company that we can focus on these things and actually make some moves during this time, that'll be beneficial, and obviously to Woody's point we’re really going to focus on our global colleagues, and minimize any impact we can hear just due to the nature of the crisis. So…
George Mihalos: Appreciate the color. Thanks guys. Be safe.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Thanks.
Gary Norcross: Well, thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. In closing, I'd like to thank our clients for the trust they placed in us to keep their businesses up and running through these unique and unplanned times. Their support and heartfelt thanks to our many employees supporting their businesses has been well received and valued by our employees and leadership team.I'd also like to send my sincerest thanks to our more than 55,000 employees worldwide who have remained focused on their health and safety first, while also having a clear understanding of our role as a critical infrastructure provider, knowing that commerce and the financial world relies on us to facilitate the transactions and move the money that fuels the economy. Our employees’ unwavering focus on our clients and their need to stay operational has been remarkable and is a true testament to our lead with integrity FIS culture. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the FIS Fourth Quarter 2019 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Nathan Rozof. Please go ahead.
Nathan Rozof: Thank you. Good morning and thanks to everyone for joining us today for the FIS fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. This call is being webcasted. And today's news release, corresponding presentation as well as webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com.Gary Norcross, our Chairman, President and CEO, will discuss our recent business trends and describe our quarterly operating performance. Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial Officer, will then review FIS' financial results and provides first quarter and full-year 2020 guidance.Turning to Slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language.Also throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share. These are important financial performance measures for the company, but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information are presented in our earnings release.With that, I'll turn the call over to Gary, who'll begin his remarks on Slide 5.
Gary Norcross: Thanks Nate. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased to be able to announce our fourth quarter and full year results. 2019 was a transformational year for FIS. We successfully closed and are well down the path on integrating the largest financial technology transactions in our industry. This, along with outstanding sales production, delivered strong organic revenue growth of 6% for the full year. All three segments performed exceptionally well for the year as well as the quarter. Our record sales and integration activities positioned us for an even stronger 2020. Later, I'll talk about our strategy and monetization, and how that is led to some very large noble wins that exemplify how our strategy is working, as well as driving increasing demand for our solution suite. This includes signing three of the largest banks in the country this quarter on our core banking solutions.In the fourth quarter, our organic growth rate accelerated to 7% resulting in $3.3 billion in revenue. Our new sales results were the largest quarter and year in our history, resulting in an increase in more than 20% in new sales for the year. Our installation backlog as well as pipeline continued to expand.Adjusted EBITDA margins expanded by 470 basis points, primarily driven by the high contribution margins resulting from the installation of our new sales, growing transaction volumes as well as the outstanding execution of our team to overdrive performance of cost and revenue synergies.As we think about integration synergies, we exited the quarter generating $80 million in revenue and $465 million in cost synergies on an annualized run rate basis. When including interest expense savings, we have already exceeded our initial cost synergy target. As a result of our strong performance, we are increasing our future expectations for both revenue and cost synergies, which we will detail later. With our impressive momentum heading into 2020, we expect continued acceleration in organic revenue growth and ramping earnings accretion.Turning to Slide 6. I want to talk about our strong sales results and client value propositions. Several years ago, we embarked on a transformational modernization journey. We began an ambitious new software development cycle, re-architected our solutions to be open, modular and cloud-based. And we also began modernizing and consolidating our technology delivery platforms. We did this because we believe that the financial services industry was moving towards its own transformation, and we wanted to be able to empower our clients in the broader industry to change. Disruptive technologies and new business models are forcing the industry to evolve by embracing future ready innovations like automation, artificial intelligence and machine learning, cloud-native technologies and digital omni-channel.Client demand as evidenced by our new sales results, demonstrate that our thesis about the industry is correct. The investments we've made over the past several years are yielding results for our clients as well as FIS.In our Banking segment, I'm very excited to announce that three of the largest banks in the country were combined total assets of more than $600 billion had embarked on the journey to transform their legacy core banking environment with FIS. This includes a top 10, a top 20 and a top 30 bank. MUFG Union Bank, a top 20 bank that we recently announced as well as a top 10 bank both selected our Modern Banking Platform for their transformations. They selected us because of our ability to deliver an innovative, personalized and next-generation solution as well as our ability to consistently execute large scale complex implementations.The Modern Banking Platform is entirely new and built from the ground up. It was developed with state of the art containers, digital first capability, open APIs and cloud-based delivery through a SaaS model. This next-generation highly flexible platform enables the innovative financial institutions to transform the future of banking, and clearly represents a significant milestone for the industry.I'm also pleased to announce that we signed an agreement with First Republic, a top 30 bank, to power its modernization program with our IBS core banking platform, including our industry leading open API framework Code Connect.IVS continues to prove why it's the leading SaaS core banking platform for large regionals throughout the US. First Republic is known for its strong growth and outstanding client experience. They chose FIS over the incumbent provider because of our open scalable platform, which will better serve the needs of the bank's existing client base, as well as allow them to continue to expand and meet their growing consumer and business clients. These three pivotal wins are the start of what we believe will be a decade-long global transition of core banking systems from legacy in-house applications to cloud-native open banking deployments.Turning to our Merchant segment. We are winning due to our superior client value proposition, strong integrated systems and continued flexibility on deployment. For example, one of our marquee clients, a top global search engine, continues to shift shared us after developing a proprietary routing engine that evaluates their processors for authorization and fraud rates, as well as cost of acceptance. We consistently demonstrate exceptional results across these categories leading the client to choose FIS for additional volumes across many of their U.S. businesses. In addition, a large global retailer who is number one in their category selected FIS to deploy omni-channel payment technology across Europe, covering both in-store and online payments. The company was looking to consolidate multiple acquirers and turn to FIS because of our unique capabilities and global reach.In our Capital Markets segment, our ability to simplify clients’ complex needs with our end to end solution suite is driving demand. Our modernization strategy has resulted in a very strong sales year, and we saw exceptionally strong growth in the fourth quarter.We continue to see increasing demand for SaaS deployment, and the team is doing an outstanding job balancing that demand with our on-premise license business. For example, we entered into a SaaS agreement, one of the world's largest asset managers. In this instance, we will be providing a bundled investment solution with the next generation digital offering and data visualization tools. I'm also excited to announce that one of our premium payback clients, a large oil and gas company, is expanding their relationship with us include our cloud-based solution for their corporate treasury, cash, liquidity and risk management needs. This further proves that our ability to cross-sell and up-sell large enterprise customers to help their business on numerous levels.Turning to Slide 7. In addition to these new wins, we are also accelerating our achievement of revenue synergies. While initially expecting to reach $100 million of annualized revenue synergies by the end of 2020, we have already achieved $80 million in annual run rate synergies in the first five months after closing. As a result, we're increasing our revenue synergy targets to $200 million exiting 2020, and $550 million exiting 2022. This reflects the faster than expected ramping of our multiple cross-sell opportunities.During the fourth quarter we continue to see meaningful volumes ramp across our debit networks as well as ongoing traction for a premium payback solution. We signed two very large premium payback clients during the fourth quarter as we're experiencing significant demand for this innovative solution.First, we will be partnering with PayPal to enable millions of online consumers to redeem earned rewards at checkout by allowing them to pay with points from thousands of U.S. banks. Second, I'm excited to announce that we entered into agreement with the top 3 U.S. retailer to help innovate its customer loyalty program with our premium payback solution. Together, we're enabling this client to deepen its relationships with millions of consumers across its 3000 locations.We also signed another large merchant referral agreement during the quarter. We continue to be very pleased with our ability to take share from incumbent providers across our midsized and regional bank clients. In the first five months, we are well ahead of our expectations regarding merchant referral sales agreements, our pipeline and sales activities continue to grow. And we think this sales opportunity will continue to exceed our initial plans.Now that we are well into our integration execution, we continue to discover new opportunities to cross-sell and bundle offerings as we go-to-market, giving a strong confidence in our newly-raised targets. For example, our joint prepaid solutions have emerged as a new cross-selling opportunity into the Worldpay client base. We've already signed a partnership with the global solutions provider to develop re-loadable fair cards for transit systems. Together, this partnership has already won our first large metro client and expect more to follow.With our very successful achievement of expense as well as revenue synergies, we are running a full 12 months ahead of our original integration schedule. Due to this accelerated timeline, we are also taking earlier steps to further streamline our organization to drive a much more functional operating model. Some of the changes we've recently implement will allow us to better leverage our go-to-market strategies between our Banking and Merchant segments. We believe this will not only further accelerate our revenue synergies, but also allow us to drive innovation into these markets.We have also consolidated technology development for our Merchant and Banking businesses within our combined Chief Operating Officer organization. This alignment will allow us to increase suite of development and deployment in this highly dynamic industry, creating what we believe will be a best-in-class software engineering organization. As you can see, we feel great about how the companies have come together. And this momentum and success gives us great confidence for an even stronger 2020.Moving to Slide 8. We have a highly resilient business model that is differentiated by our market-leading solutions across our segments. In Merchant Solutions, we're clearly a leader in global e-commerce and integrated payments. As we continue to grow, these channels have expanded by approximately 45% of our merchant business mix, up from 37% of Worldpay in 2017. Due to the high secular growth trends in these markets, we expect them to maintain their high rates of growth and continue increasing as a percentage of our revenue mix, reinforcing the durability of our organic growth profile. In Banking Solutions, we're differentiated by our comprehensive portfolio of next-generation solutions. These uniquely position us to help large global financial institutions as well as community banks and credit unions to transform their business models and to provide seamless customer experiences. Therefore, as the financial services industry continues to evolve, we will be the primary beneficiary of the growing momentum towards outsourced cloud-based technology from legacy in-house software.Finally, in Capital Markets, our investments in Advanced Technology and RegTech are paying dividends. We develop bundled offerings to enable our clients to simplify their complex front-, middle- and back-office processes with an end-to-end automated workflow that is helping us to win market share.In addition, by using the SaaS delivery based model, we have an opportunity to further increase our revenue growth profile by driving an increasing mix of predictable recurring revenue streams.In order to reinforce our reporting segments and drive increasing rates of organic growth, our priorities for 2020 are as follows. First, we will continue to invest in sales, innovation and delivery to capitalize on our growing new sales pipelines. Clearly, our investments over the past 5 years are driving the landmark new wins, and we're going to continue to lean into the strategy in 2020. Second, we will seamlessly execute the Worldpay integration in order to achieve our revenue and cost synergy goals. We are already well-ahead of schedule and will look to further accelerate our momentum in 2020. Third, we will continue to drive efficiency through our data center consolidation program. Last, we will continue scale on our high growth sector of the markets in order to reinforce the durability of our revenue growth profile.As you can tell by our exciting wins and accelerated synergy realization, 2019 was a transformational year, and we have line of sight to achieving even more in 2020.I'll now turn the call over to Woody to round up the financial discussion before he opens the call to questions. Woody?
Woody Woodall: Thank you, Gary. I would also like to welcome everyone to today's call. This morning, I'll cover our 2019 financial results and 2020 outlook. But before I take you through this, I would like to recap some of the financial highlights that we achieved in 2019, beginning with Slide 10.During 2019, we transformed our company and positioned it for continued acceleration and revenue growth and ongoing margin expansion with an eye toward creating superior shareholder returns both now and into the future. First, we accelerated our organic growth profile by executing the most significant and transformational acquisition in our company's history. We also reinforced the durability of our growth profile with record new sales and notable client wins like the ones Gary mentioned earlier. These reflect the outcome of our investments in innovation and technology that we made to benefit our clients. Given our success, we will continue to make these investments. Second, we expanded margins by aggressively driving cost synergies through our integration efforts, as well as ongoing internal expense initiatives that were in place well before the Worldpay acquisition. Third, we enhanced these operating savings with disciplined management of our below the line items. For example, we generated $275 million of annualized interest expense savings by strategically managing our capital structure. Finally, we generated $2.1 billion in free cash flow according to 20% of revenue. We anticipate free cash flow generation to accelerate and expect approximately 24% to 26% conversion to revenue in 2020. We used our phone free cash flow generation to not only pay down $1.4 billion in debt since the transaction close, but also the fund investments in innovation and integration as well as to continue to pay our dividend.For example, we recently acquired a majority of stake in Virtus Partners. Virtus is a small, but strategic tuck-in acquisition within our capital market segment. It provides high value, managed services and technology solutions focused on the credit and loan markets, which is an area of rapid growth. While it's too small to have a material impact on our consolidated results, it will further reinforce the capital market segments accelerating growth profile.Looking forward, we will continue to prioritize debt repayment in order to reach our 2.7 times leverage target by the end of 2020. Our strong cash will allow us to continue investing in technology and innovation to drive new sales and to make strategic tuck-in acquisitions even as we delever. As we move into 2021 and beyond, our capital allocation priority will shift toward reviewing strategic M&A opportunities that will increase our scale in secular, high growth markets. Absent M&A opportunities, we will return capital to shareholders through ongoing dividends and resuming buybacks.As you can see, based on our accomplishments in 2019, we are doing what we said we would do and even more. First, we initially expected the Worldpay transaction to be modestly diluted in 2020, before turning accretive in 2021. Today, we announced our formal adjusted EPS guidance for 2020, and the entire range is now accretive. Second, our initial revenue synergy target was $500 million. Today, we increased our revenue synergy target about 10% to $550 million. Further, we increased our 2020 revenue synergy target by 33% to $200 million. Third, we initially expected cost synergy is $400 million, which we raised again today to $675 million. Finally, we continue to see accelerating revenue growth in 2020 and beyond. These accomplishments demonstrate the hard work of the team and further increase my confidence and our strong outlook for 2020.Turning to our results on Slide 11. We finished the year on a high note exceeding our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance. In the fourth quarter, revenue increased 7% an organic basis to $3.3 billion with strong top-line performance across all three of our segments, which I'll summarize in a moment. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $1.5 billion during the quarter and our margins expanded by 470 basis points to 45%. Reflecting our strong operating results, adjusted EPS was $1.57 per share.I'll now provide some color on our segment results on Slide 12. Merchant Solutions’ organic growth accelerated sequentially to 10% as expected, and e-commerce and integrated payments saw continued strong growth in the mid to high teens. The segment generated EBITDA of $584 million in quarter, representing a 52% margin. As we look at 2020, we expect this segment to grow in the low-double digits as underlying business trends remain robust, and we expect revenue synergies to ramp throughout the year.Our Banking Solutions segment generated 5% organic growth for the quarter and 6% for the year, primarily driven by continued demand for our market leading solutions. This segment generated $682 million and adjusted EBITDA for a 44% margin. We expect Banking to continue to generate strong mid-single digit growth in 2020, and our impressive new wins provide increase confidence in the recent trends.Capital Markets’ organic revenue growth was very strong, accelerating the 6% when excluding a onetime item that drove approximately two percentage points of growth during the fourth quarter. This segment generated $339 million in adjusted EBITDA, representing a 51% margin. For 2020, we project capital markets to show modest acceleration over 2019 and improvement from our firm messaging, as we continue to drive growth in recurring revenue.Turning to Slide 13, we have made significant progress on our cost synergies as our integration of Wordpay is running ahead of schedule. We exited the fourth quarter generating $465 million in annual run-rate cost synergies, including $275 million of interest expense savings, and $190 million in reduced operating expenses. We're making substantial progress in reducing duplicative corporate costs, as well as consolidating our merchant and issuer platforms to generate the operating expense savings, which are also running well ahead of plan.With all of the progress that we've achieved already, we are increasing our 2020 cost synergy target to $600 million in annual run-rate cost savings. We are approaching hard to accelerate costs synergy attainment and complete our integration plans as fast as possible. By completing these efforts along with deleveraging our balance sheet in 2020, we'll be able to focus even more of our energy and driving revenue growth, and be ready to execute strategic M&A as we enter next year.Before I provide the details of our 2020 guidance, I would like to set the stage on Slide 14. We have significantly accelerated our organic revenue growth profile and expanded our adjusted with our adjusted EBITDA margins over the past three years. Revenue topped $10 billion for the first time in our company's history in 2019. And we are highly confident in our ability to further accelerate organic revenue growth in 2020 and beyond. Over the past three years, organic revenue growth increased from 2% in 2017 to 3% in 2018, and now 6% in 2019. With the multiple revenue synergy opportunities and accelerating sales momentum that Gary described earlier, we have significant visibility into the year and are increasingly confident in our expectation for organic revenue growth to approach 7% in 2020 before moving higher in the out years.Turning to margins. We have expanded adjusted EBITDA margins by more than 700 basis points over the past 3 years and we project another 300 points of expansion in 2020. This consists of ongoing initiatives and synergy achievement to generate approximately 400 to 450 points of underlying margin expansion, which will be partially offset by 100 to 150 basis points of additional investments. We are re-investing a portion of our below-the-line interest expense savings back into the business as increased investment in innovation, sales and delivery. All of these investments are targeted at driving continued acceleration of revenue growth. We are making these investments in order to capitalize on a significant momentum that we are seeing in the market right now. Our new sales pipeline is the largest I've ever seen, and I want to make sure we are positioned to win. In addition, we have a largest implementation backlog I’ve even seen, as you would expect following record new sales capped up with the big wins that we announced this quarter. Therefore, I also want to invest and delivery so we get our clients utilizing these new capabilities faster and start converting those big wins into revenue.Finally, I'd like to provide details of our first quarter and full year guidance on Slide 15. Based on current business trends, we expect revenue of $13.55 billion to $13.675 billion, and adjusted EPS $6.17 to $6.35 per share for full year 2020. This represents organic revenue growth of 6% to 7% and adjusted EPS growth of 10% to 13%. We expect to increase our adjusted EBITDA margins to approximately 44% for the full year, and we will provide more planning assumptions on the bottom of the slide. Our new sales momentum, substantial backlog and multiple cross-selling opportunities provide significant visibility, which gives me high confidence in achieving our guidance ranges.Turning to our first quarter guidance. We expect revenue of $3.180 billion to $3.210 billion and adjusted EPS of $1.30 to $1.34 per share. This represents organic revenue growth of 5% to 6% and adjusted EPS growth of 12% to 16%. As a reminder, we faced a tough comp during the first quarter after receiving about a point of one-time benefits during the first quarter of 2019, which we'll have to grow over in 2020. After the first quarter, we then expect revenue growth to ramp toward the upper end of our 6% to 7% range for the remainder of the year.Before we open the line up for questions, I'll wrap up our prepared remarks with the following. We are well-positioned to continue delivering substantial shareholder value in 2020 and beyond, as we continue to increase revenue momentum, expand margins and generate significant free cash flow. 2019 was a transformational year, and I'm looking forward to even stronger financial performance in 2020.This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we do have something from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey. Good morning guys. Really nice results here in the quarter. So, I just wanted to refer the 2020 EPS guidance a little bit further. It looks like share count may be a little bit higher than the stream is estimating which kind of is what it is. But on the margin front, you talked about that 100 to 150 bip of additional reinvestment. Woody, I just wanted to see if you can elaborate a little bit further, maybe by segment, where you're going to be concentrating some of those reinvestment dollars?
Woody Woodall: Yeah, I thought it might be even helpful to walk you through the margin bridge we expect for 2020. We closed out 2019 with about a 41% margin. We are seeing synergies both revenue and OpEx driving a little greater than 200 basis points of improvement. We've got normal operating efficiency and scale in the business driving roughly 50 to 100 basis points of improvement. The data center consolidation efforts are driving about 50 basis points of improvement. And then the impact of having Worldpay in the business for the full year is driving about 100 basis points of improvement. That aggregates to about 400 to 450 basis points. Then we talked about the investments, roughly 100 to 150 basis points offsetting that to get you to about 300 basis points of expansion or an expectation of about 44% for 2020. When you specifically think about the investments, I think a lot of its being driven towards delivery. Those are -- those big wins Gary talked about are significant dollars of revenue sitting in the implementation backlog that we want to get those capabilities in there faster and get the wins turning into revenue. They would flow across both Banking and Merchant, primarily in terms of the incremental investment with incremental sales flowing in Banking and Merchant as well, as we see a very, very robust pipeline, particularly in some large opportunities in the marketplace right now.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Understood. And just as a follow-up, the $250 million increase in the run rate of cost synergies for 2020. Is that mostly all OpEx? Or is there a little bit more interest expense in there too? I think you had that incremental refined in December.
Woody Woodall: We expected it to be almost every dollar OpEx related.
Gary Norcross: Absolutely.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we will go to line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Hey. Thanks guys. Nice results. Look, we saw strong revenue trends of about 7%. I think it was really driven by Merchant at 10, and Capital Markets really strong at 8. When we look at these synergies rolling out and notwithstanding the tough comp in first quarter, can you just touch on the range the 6 to 7 versus the fourth quarter run rate? Notwithstanding the first quarter tough comp, it seems like there should be a trend towards the better end of that seven, if not higher. And then, maybe if you just give us some scenarios that would be at the high-end and the low-end that you could see playing out through the year? Thanks.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think, I even called it out in my prepared remarks. After the first quarter, we anticipate to be at the high end of our growth guidance for the remainder of the year. Again, consolidate you are placing about a point of growth that's where the 5% to 6% came from. Beyond that, we would expect to be towards the high end of that range.
Darrin Peller: Okay. I guess what I'm wondering is if like what specific scenarios could run you to the end or potentially in the low end, beyond, just the timing and the cadence, timing on synergies, perhaps. Maybe just some examples of how revenue synergies are going? What led you to raise the revenue synergy targets?
Gary Norcross: Yeah, no, we raised – it’s great question, Darren. We raised the revenue synergy guidance just because of our actual cross-sell wins. What propels us to the upper end of that will clearly be the timely on-boarding of these large implementations that Woody discussed. And as you see, like we have in the past, we’re accelerating some investment into this growth curve as the growth curve accelerates and our backlog builds. Obviously, we want to make sure that we have the personnel necessary to install the solutions. But the response to our solution capabilities is just really been tremendous across both Banking and Merchant -- we feel -- and Capital Markets for that nature. We highlighted across the winning Capital Markets with our premium payback in prepared remarks. So really across all the segments, we're just seeing really good solid demand for next generation solution suite. Our pipeline continues to grow, and our sales, more importantly, and we continue to close the business. And all of that pushed us to raise our revenue guide. We exited the year with $80 million in run rate. And that's installed in producing revenue. So that's well ahead of our initial $100 million target for them to 2020. So when you look back into that we are already at $80 million through the first five months, when you look at the sales that we even just highlighted in Q4. And as those on board in the first half or through the first three quarters of the year, plus with our pipeline, we feel really good about revenue synergies. And to Woody's point, feel very confident about the upper end of those guidance ranges.
Darrin Peller: Thanks guys. If I just squeeze in the two big banks you won, First Republic and Union. Those are really large wins that we don't see often. So can you just give a little quick color on that? And then I'll go back to the queue. Thanks.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, we talked a lot about on this call about – one, there were three significant wins. There was a top 10 that we didn't name, but there was also the top 20 and top 30 that you just mentioned. We talked a lot about on this call is that there is a tremendous amount of pent up demand in the marketplace. And this is a global statement of very large financial institutions that are tied to extremely old legacy platforms. And we talked a lot about when we'll see that market finally starting to transition to a much more modern, much more open architecture to allow them to continue to compete for the next several decades. And I think this quarter was a significant moment in the industry where we saw, as I said, a top 10 institution and top 20 institution, and top 30 institution, all makes that decision to go through a transformation as a core banking. And in many instances, they're going off very multiple decades old type legacy capabilities to a much more future modern architecture. So we're real excited about what we're seeing in the industry. I can honestly tell you the pipeline is full as I've ever seen for core banking on a global basis for next generation capabilities. And we feel very good about the fact. We started this investment cycle. Three, four years ago, we've been investing heavily into these next generation capabilities, and really feel like we're in a very good spot, as far as timing the industry for when that transformation is going to begin.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we will go to the line of Tim Chiodo with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Tim Chiodo: Thanks a lot guys. So my question is on the Worldpay e-commerce acquiring business, clearly, a leader in global e-commerce acquiring. And then, also Worldpay in many, many in-store markets, sort of a good number of key markets globally. But there does seem to be an opportunity to expand in store acquiring into new international countries. And just wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about how we should think about that expansion, rough timing, what the opportunity is? And just a confirmation, that potential upside is not actually in the formal revenue synergies?
Gary Norcross: No, again, that's a great question, and you're exactly right. It's not in the revenues synergies upside. And we are actively working through those strategies, and we will be pushing into those other markets as you described. We're very excited about the Merchant team and how it’s come together under FIS. We're very excited about the combinations that we're seen between our banking relationships and our broader merchant relationships. And so, like everything we do, we participate on a global basis. We've already been seeing up the countries that we're focusing on building out those market strategies, aligning our development initiatives to correspond of that. And so more will be coming on that. But that's absolutely upside to the future of the company.
Operator: Thank you. And next we will go the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Hi, guys. Hi, Woody.
Woody Woodall: Hi, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hey, good solid 4Q ’19 results. I’m kind of -- I was hoping that since you stood by the future 8% to 9% growth, I'm hoping you can kind of bridge the 6% to 7% this year, and thinking this is going to be closer to 7% like you mentioned in the earlier question. To bridge that gap, with regards to how much of that close from incremental synergies versus some of these larger wins? It seems like they're more -- they seem to be longer events because they're very large like, a top 10 bank, for example, might take longer. Could you talk a little bit about that?
Gary Norcross: Yeah. No, I think, you're exactly right. Obviously, these larger programs do take a longer period of time to implement. We've talked about that multiple times on the call. It’s not uncommon that goes through 12-plus month sale cycle, and then you got receptacle 12-plus month implementation cycle. What makes us excited about driving our growth rates beyond 7% and upper single-digits is not only the demand that we're seeing on cross-sell in revenue synergies, we talk a lot about that, and we continue to not only raise the dollar amount of that. We've also raised the timing of it being falling it in earlier than what we thought. But we also, when we talked about this now for multiple, multiple quarters, we're in well over a year now, a really rapid sales growth around our newer technologies. And that's whether it's on the Banking business, on the Merchant business or on the Capital Markets business, the demand we’re seeing for our cloud-based deployments, our ability to lower the total cost of ownership of these large institutions and drive a real differentiating value proposition is playing out very well in the market. So you've got this combination of revenue synergies. But more importantly, this combination of being able to compete and take share and drive significant new sales wins across all of three of our verticals gives us a lot of confidence that our growth profile is going to continue to accelerate in the out years as Woody discussed.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And I might have missed it, but did you -- from just clarification perspective provide either the TRA terminations included in the tax rate outlook and I might have missed the e-commerce growth rate if you specifically provided that within Merchant?
Woody Woodall: Yeah, I'll touch on both of those. On the e-commerce growth rate, e-commerce and integrated together grew mid to high teens with e-commerce growing higher over the average, and integrated grown slightly lower than that average, rolling back to a mid to high teens. With regard to the TRAs, the structure of the deal is only giving an immaterial benefit to EPS in 2020 and 2021 with further EPS benefit in 2022 and 2023 just on the way the deal was actually structured and the timing of actual owner ownership of the TRAs, Ashwin.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we will go to the line of David Togut with Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning, Gary and Woody.
Woody Woodall: Good morning, David.
David Togut: Good to see the Merchant Solutions growth returned to 10% organic in Q4. If you could break down your expectations for 2020, what do you call low-double digit organic expected for merchants. What would your outlook fee for e-com and integrated as kind of one bucket, and then sort of the other channels kind of growth rate for 2020?
Woody Woodall: Yeah. If you think about Merchant, I think we would still anticipate e-com and integrated to be in the mid to high teens from a planning perspective. Growth in the fourth quarter was strong, expectation and pipeline is strong, so we still feel very good about that. With the profile of the remainder of the business being similar to what you saw in the fourth quarter on the growth profile, obviously, we're hoping to see some of those synergies flow into both Banking and Merchants. So you've got to balance them around 2020. Our expectation around revenue synergies blends roughly 50-50, going into the Banking segment versus the Merchant segment. But yeah, we're still pleased with the overall growth, certainly pleased with the acceleration in the fourth quarter, and are looking for low double digits, all of 2020.
David Togut: Got it. And then just as a quick follow-up. I think what historically you model in about 150 basis points of revenue headwind annually from consolidation in pricing pressure. Can you kind of share with us your expectations on that front for 2020 and are there any specific consolidations that are kind of baked into your guidance?
Gary Norcross: Yeah, we would have similar levels of competitive headwinds that we always baked into the model, so no real change there. David, I would say at this point, we don't have anything specifically outlined, other than historical trends.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, no, when we think about consolidation in the industry, we think obviously across our client base is primarily impacting the banking capital markets group that's going to continue, but we're not, we're not, we're not projecting that's going to accelerate dramatically from where, from what we saw in 2019. So it's been, it's been a fairly consistent trend. One of the nice things about that FIS' position is because we're typically positioned in the large regional market. Those tend to be the customers that are doing in the consolidating. So we've been in a lot of instances the beneficiary of that, of those combinations. But we'll continue to watch it closely and but modeling pretty well consistent behavior over 2019 on that front.
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Dave Koning with Robert. W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Yeah. And I guess, first of all you know when you first gave the accretion to the $6.60 number, maybe a few quarters ago or so, I guess since then we've had, what we think maybe $0.30 of benefit from just better synergies, lower refi, tax rate, I think a little better. Is it fair to think of the bridge that that would have maybe brought it up $0.30 or so, put these incremental investments and then what looks like no real use of cash in 2020. It looks like you're not really trying to push the share count down at least in guidance. Those two things maybe are what's bringing it back a little bit down, is that a fair bridge?
Woody Woodall: That's pretty close, yeah. When we guided accretion and I think in the third quarter, we didn't anticipate the second round of refi benefit. We absolutely we're pleased and being able to go back into the market and grab another $135 million or so of interest savings. We saw that as an opportunity along with the sales execution that was delivered in the fourth quarter to reinvest that in sales and delivery, which we kind of described before. We certainly are not buying back shares at this point until we reach our deleveraging targets. So those are primarily your two big deltas, Dave. You got it pretty close.
Dave Koning: Okay, good. And then two really quick modeling ones, the size of that acquisition and when that hits and then, is the tough comp in Q1 is that solely in the banking segment.
Woody Woodall: The tough comp in Q1 is in the banking segment. The small acquisition was roughly revenue contribution of about $75 million in 2019. And we closed it relatively early in Q1.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we will go to the line up George Mihalos with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Georgios Mihalos: Hey guys, thanks. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess, Gary and Woody, I'm not sure if I missed it, but did you give what the increase in backlog is year-over-year. I think it was up 9% last quarter. Just curious if you have an update on that, and any color on any specific segment strength that may have been surprising to you.
Woody Woodall: We didn't give a specific dollar amount of backlog, that will get disclosed in the 10-K. What we did talk about was the implementation backlog component of that overall backlog was the highest I've ever seen. While we didn't give a dollar amount, it certainly connected to the three or four, the three big wins in core banking that Gary described plus some of the big wins in Merchant.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, we really saw great strength in the quarter. And frankly, for the whole year across all three of our segments really saw great growth in capital markets around our Reg Tech solutions and some of the things we're doing through our SaaS model and cloud-based technologies. The Banking business saw strong sales across our next generation solutions, our next-generation digital, our omnichannel things we're doing there. Obviously, we highlighted, what's going on with our core banking transformation. And then Woody has talked about several times on the call the strength we saw across e-comm and integrated in the merchant business. So we're very pleased with how '19 unfold, and obviously all of that pushes us into 2020 with a lot of, a lot of new sales we have to deliver on, which is good.
Georgios Mihalos: Well, that's great. You guys really build up on the opportunity. And just as a quick follow-up, if we can kind of shift gears a little bit just to the merchant side. I'm just curious, your perspective has been some more consolidation in Europe now curious if you think that will have any impact on the business whether competitively or from a partnership standpoint and then Visa looking to adjust interchange and potentially raising it I guess on the e-comm side. Just curious if you think that will have any impact on the legacy Worldpay business. Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Well, look we continually focus on all kind of all the combinations going on, any M&A activity, any partnerships and obviously we watch that very closely. At this point in time, we feel very good about our position across the globe, especially in Merchant and our ability. When you look at our -- when you look at our scale on merchant and our ability to truly be the only global provider of e-comm at scale, we feel very good about our positions, but we'll continue to -- we'll continue to watch those things. As far as these typically we pass on all of those through our fee structure very transparently. So obviously, we're working through those changes. But we don't see any impact at the moment.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we will go the line of Tim Willi with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tim Willi: Yes. Thanks to you, and good morning. I had two questions. The first was, again back to the Merchant, a little bit. Thinking about again the capabilities that you talked about with Worldpay and the omnichannel, and over the last four years to five years, whatever it is, retailers have been investing substantially in digital commerce platforms. When you think about pipelines for sales activity, are we at a point where retailers are sort of reevaluating what they've now built sort of focusing on the back-end side, the operational aspect of this. Some of them got to consumer side, correct. And sort of wondering if there is an escalation in RFPs or something you might see coming down the pipe for sort of global omnichannel that might be different now than even a year ago, year and a half ago, so we farther down this journey with the retailers.
Gary Norcross: Tim, it's a good question. What I would tell you is obviously we've only been involved now, a little over five months to six months. What I'm telling you -- what we're seeing in the sales cycle, yeah, I wouldn't say an increase in RFP activity, but what I would say is, we're seeing increased pipeline and increased demand for our capabilities. And so we're obviously leaning into that. Worldpay had made some significant investments around omnichannel leading up to our combination. Obviously, they had made some significant investments in e-commerce. They had also made some, some significant investments in the UK on the new acquiring platform. So when you look at all of those things, what they had done on the consolidation between Vantiv and Worldpay, all of that is playing in very nicely into our sales success and allowing us to compete on a global very effectively. So we're seeing very good strong pipeline growth and good solid sales success especially across the e-commerce and omnichannel as I highlighted, one in Europe in my prepared remarks.
Timothy Willi: Great. And then my follow-up and I'll hop back in the queue is on sales, you talked a lot about cross-sell on this call and I know you guys are always looking at the sales force and optimization and making through your cross selling and selling effectively, has there been any changes as you move through this integration with Worldpay in terms of sales structure compensation for cross-selling. Anything along those lines that maybe is kicking in and help think to elevate the performance that you highlighted on this call?
Gary Norcross: You know on prior calls, we actually highlighted the fact that we didn't want to change any commission plans. We want to make sure that everybody was very focused and prepared to execute and got the same credit they got before the combination pulled together. That's always been an important step for us because the last thing we want to do is create any confusion across our sales force. So I think the cost of those because we haven't made any changes and because we're now giving everybody an opportunity to pull these other products. That's helped to increase our pull-through. I think the other side of it and we highlighted it on the call in the prepared remarks is we're just finding more and more capabilities across the two companies that resonate with those existing customers.So I highlighted our prepaid opportunity. That was something we really didn't identify during due diligence. But what that came out of a cross-sell into an existing Worldpay customer that now has allowed us to create a whole new opportunity and we see a lot of growth in that opportunity now as we've built that out. So I think those two things just pulling the teams together because we're a full 12 months ahead of where we thought we'd be on integration. The benefits of the team coming together and working as a team and identifying those opportunities, you're just really seeing that pay through in the cross sells.
Operator: Thank you. And next we will go to the line of Craig Maurer with Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Craig Maurer: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. First is, I wanted to understand what's assumed in underlying UK trends to allow you to hit the guidance this year as we've seen some significant call-outs of the weaker UK from Visa Barclaycard etc. And just secondly, there was a meaningful uptick or at least significantly more than higher than our expectation in stock-based compensation, and I wanted to understand the trend there. Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Well, on the UK front, as we talked about in prior calls, we've modeled -- frankly our UK volumes are already pretty much at recessionary levels. We saw a little softness in quarter on the UK, but we've modeled that end. We've really modeled in no recovery. But we've also modeled in the volumes at about where they were in Q4. In other words, we're not modeling them to -- to fall off a significant amount. We feel very comfortable though with our, with the business that we are signing. We've also got some new leadership in the UK. So we think there is an opportunity that really grow our share in the UK as well. So we're pretty excited of what the team is coming together on that front. But the quick answer is for 2020 we pretty much modeled the UK consistent with what we saw in 2019.
Woody Woodall: On the stock compensation comment, the vast majority of it is around accelerations related to severance activity in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And next we will go to Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ramsey El-Assal: All right, thanks for taking my question. I guess dovetailing with Craig's question just before mine, can you comment on external and macro factors that you have baked in the guidance, obviously we've been hearing a lot of that for coronavirus but also the IT spending environment and we have the election year impacts on bank budgets just what are you presuming in the context of your guidance.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, let me take a few of these and then will let Woody get into the details. But the quick answer is we've modeled a fairly consistent 2019. I would say it that way and our pandemic taskforce is obviously very focused on the coronavirus. Right now we don't see any material impact for us throughout the Asian region. If we do have any impact at all, it would just be a matter of a few million dollars in Q1, but we're monitoring it very closely and frankly we're very comfortable that but that's not going to be an issue. So we continue to watch those things. But as far as when we look at the growth rates around the world we are minor modeling consistency through 2020. Any other comments, Woody?
Woody Woodall: Yeah. As we've talked about in the last quarter, we continue to see a model softness in the UK and Europe broadly. We have not put anything in our 2020 plan with regard to some outcome from the election. The remainder of it has been relatively status quo in terms of the underlying health of the global economy.
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay. And then secondly, and lastly from me, could you give us kind of a status report on some of the key revenue synergy buckets. I think you mentioned that the debit opportunity was now at scale. I think that was introduced in the press, in the presentation, which I presume is somewhat fully executed upon. What about the other key synergy buckets, what inning are you in terms of the Premium Payback realization of synergies and maybe also on the card-not-present authorization rates progress there. I think you mentioned that a little bit on your prepared remarks but ...
Gary Norcross: Yeah. No, no, Ramsey it's great questions. I would say we're just, obviously we're just getting started with our revenue synergies. While we're excited about $80 million, we've got a long way to go to reach our range targets. We feel great about our targets and obviously we feel great about the sales success we've had. I would tell you, I even put in my prepared remarks, our debit routing has done very well and so that continues to contribute. We actually saw good volumes, additional volumes incoming through in the quarter.So I would say we are not completely finished there, but as you highlighted in late innings and those were some very early wins. Premium Payback, we're just getting started. I mean we had some very significant signings. You don't want to trivialize a top 3 merchant and PayPal. I mean those are, those are just huge opportunities. Obviously, we got to deploy those next year. So we haven't started seeing revenue growth but more important than that we're seeing really large pipeline and additional sales around Premium Payback. So that's, those aren't the only two that we've signed.We've now signed a number of customers. The one that has surprised us is merchant referral program across our regional banks. We actually didn't predict the response that we're seeing on that base in our larger institutions, which is a very pleasant surprise. As far as the authorization rates and fraud rates, we've talked about that on prior calls, really just working on the models, working on the data consolidation. So I would argue those results have not even started at this point and we're doing the work, leading up to doing the work that will then drive the results in late 2020 and 2021. So very early stages on a lot of these things, but feel really good about the early results, the signings to date in the pipeline.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we will go to the line of Brett Huff with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff: Good morning, guys. Congrats on a nice quarter.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
Brett Huff: I know we're getting near the end of the game here on the Q&A. So I'll just ask one, a little more detail on the core wins. So we've been doing this a long time, and we've been hearing about the big banks going to do their core transformations for what 15 years. Is it just really the beginning of that? And you guys got three of the big ones but I guess my question really is, if we're finally at that tipping point, what is your visibility into the other big banks that you serve also doing the same thing?
Woody Woodall: Yeah. I'll add some color, Brent. And then let Gary follow on. Even if you go back to the Investor Day, a couple of years ago, we had one of the questions in the audience was, will you ever see a top 20 or a top 30 bank outsource to a company like FIS. This quarter we saw three. So I want to say it's really important that we're seeing some of this as a tipping point as I've described, the pipeline is very full and we're feeling very optimistic about it.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, no, I really do. I think it's just a matter, we talked about it in the past. We're really seeing a transformation around technology that frankly none of us have seen in our careers. And so with this transformation in technology, a lot of people talk about the fourth Industrial Revolution. But the reality is these newer technologies are going to require a replacement. You're not going to be able to iterate your legacy technologies, you're going to have to go through a conversion that really take the advantage of these new open standards, this new scaled standards, this new availability standards. And so, yeah, Brett, I think we really have as I said in our prepared remarks, we are seeing a significant milestone in the industry when you've got a top 10, a top 20 and a top 30 bank all making their decision to go through that transformation.Woody's points are dead on. We've had a lot of early success with our next generation core banking system, modern banking platform but what we are. But now frankly that's one of the reasons why we're investing so much in delivery. We've got a very, very strong pipeline and active discussions going on. So we don't expect these to be the only big deals announced. So we're excited about it, and we do believe this is a global issue. I was just over in Asia earlier in January, and every customer I met with and even in Q4, when I was outside of the country, every CEO, I was meeting with is talking about this issue. And so this is a global opportunity for FIS and I just think we're very well positioned and just getting started. And I think for the next 10 years, you're going to see this kind of transformation is going to occur across core banking.
Brett Huff: That's I needed. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from James Friedman with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
James Friedman: Hi. Thank you. And let me echo the congratulations. I'll just ask my two upfront in the interest of time. So with regard to the 100 basis points and 150 basis points of reinvestment related to delivery, what should we think about that is one-time in nature or will it go away in '21? And then while we're making our models on a quarterly basis, thank you for the call-outs about Q1, are there any other call-outs that we should remember about the other quarters in terms of non-recurring? Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, I think your second question first. I think the only other call-out would be fourth quarter 2019, we called out about 2 points of benefit in capital markets that we don't anticipate. We actually normalize and set the underlying growth of 6% versus 8% that you see on some of the charts. Beyond that no other call-outs. If you go back to the original question would we continue to invest or is this one time? I certainly hope we continue to invest here. If we continue to see sales, particularly in some of these larger institutions outsourcing their core banking, I'd certainly be happy to continue to make this investment in delivery.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, look, we want to make sure, James, whatever we do is that we continue to invest behind our growth to continue to accelerate that growth curve. So like we've seen in the, we've got a real unique opportunity here where we really do see the market moving through our sales results and our sales channels across all of our segments. So they need to have ability to invest in that and deliver on these capabilities and get them in market and help further accelerate our sales team, we're investing in sales resources, as well. So Woody talked about that, it is not just all delivery. Right now we've got a tremendous amount of demand, we want to make sure that we have the necessary people in markets that can capture and capitalize on these opportunities.
Operator: Thank you. And we will now go back to Gary Norcross with any closing remarks.
Gary Norcross: Thank you. I'm proud of our outstanding results in 2019. I also want to recognize the work our team has done to accelerate our integration timeline by a full 12 months. I would also like to thank all of our associates across the globe who are working hard every day to advance the way the world pays banks and invest. If you have any questions, following today's call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. I want to thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after February 14th at 11:00 AM Eastern until midnight March 13th. You may access to AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1866-207-1041 and entering the access code 1596394. International participants please dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers again are 1866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847 with an access code of 1596394. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by. Welcome to FIS Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Head of Corporate Finance and Investor Relations, Nate Rozof. Please go ahead.
Nate Rozof: Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the FIS third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. The call is being webcasted. Today’s news release, corresponding presentation and webcast are all available on our website at fisglobal.com.Beginning on Slide 2, Gary Norcross, our Chairman, President and CEO will discuss our third quarter 2019 business highlights and FIS’ growth strategy. Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial Officer will then review FIS’ third quarter financial results, synergy performance and provide updated guidance for the fourth quarter and full year.Turning to Slide 3, today’s remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Also throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information, including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share. These are important financial performance measures for the company, but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliation of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information, are presented in our earnings release.With that, I will turn the call over to Gary.
Gary Norcross: Thank you, Nate. Good morning and welcome to today’s call. Beginning on Slide 5, I am very pleased to be able to share our outstanding third quarter performance with you. Our financial results were excellent with revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS all significantly exceeding our expectations. We also got off to a very fast start with both revenue and cost synergies especially considering we operated for only 2 months as a combined company. As a result, we are raising our fourth quarter and full year guidance for revenue, EBITDA and EPS as well as our 2020 cost synergy target.The strength of our third quarter performance and raised outlook clearly demonstrates the power of this combination and our overall growth strategy. Including 2 months of Worldpay contribution, we generated more than $2.8 billion in revenue and approximately $1.2 billion in adjusted EBITDA. This represents 35% revenue growth on a GAAP basis over 5% organic growth and 350 basis points of margin expansion. We generated $1.43 of adjusted EPS, which was well above our expectations. In the third quarter, sales were up more than 25%, increasing our backlog 9% organically, accelerating from 7% growth last quarter. This gives us clear line of sight to continue revenue growth throughout 2020. FIS has successfully generated seven consecutive quarters of exceptionally strong sales. Merchant Solutions also saw continued strong sales momentum within our e-commerce portfolio, including 23 cross-sell wins in the quarter, accelerating from 14 wins in the second quarter. We think these cross-sell wins are another strong indicator of the success and scale that our newly combined company can deliver.Turning to our early synergies from the Worldpay integration that clearly showed that the combination of our two companies is paying significant dividends, our combination is strategically differentiated on three main fronts. First, we have a unique strategy to accelerate organic growth by aggressively investing in innovative technologies and automating complexity. Second, we are combining the premier assets in the industry to create leading solutions focused on secular high growth markets. Third, we are bringing value to our clients with our world class scale.We exited the quarter generating more than $30 million in annualized run rate revenue synergies with significant future opportunity. I’m excited to announce that we have already signed agreements with two of our bank clients to expand our relationships in the merchant services. This includes a merchant referral agreement within $11 billion bank in the United States as well as an agreement with a large banking client in Brazil. With this agreement, we are now enabling merchant processing in Brazil at the point of sale for over 500,000 merchants. This step forward demonstrates the power of our new companies global reach as neither company would have won these transactions on their own. These early wins illustrate the power of our end-to-end value proposition and we have a solid plan in execution timeline that will drive our results to achieve our $500 million revenue synergy goal.With regard to cost synergies, our team began executing immediately and upon close and generated well over $200 million in savings on an annualized run rate basis exiting the third quarter. Woody will go into more detail regarding cost synergies, but given the outstanding results today, and our current plans, we are very confident in delivering more than $500 million in total cost synergies. The integration of these large transformational M&A transactions continues to be a core competency, and we will utilize it as part of our strategy and further accelerate our organic growth and shareholder value.Turning to Slide 6 to discuss our growth strategy, we continue to aggressively invest in new technologies across all three of our segments. Investing in future innovation to benefit our clients started more than three years ago. It’s part of everything we do at FIS and we will continue to drive our client value proposition. These significant innovations are now coming to market and not only driving our sales results but leading to our accelerated growth. Our clients depend on us to stay ahead of the market and make investments that enable them to run their operations more efficiently, connect with our customers and grow their businesses. With the addition of Merchant Solutions, our growth rate will expand to 6% in the fourth quarter. We see numerous secular growth opportunities in all three segments and our clients and partners are excited about the potential value we bring to them by solving their current and future needs.Turning to our segment performance, our Merchant segment continues to benefit from its exposure to secular high growth markets and ability to win market share through superior client service. For example, a leading global coffee chain selected FIS for in-store payment technology across more than 600 locations in the UK and Europe. Our global reach, innovative capabilities and differentiated approach resonated with the iconic coffee giant as it expands into new markets. In addition to this marking new client win, Merchant renewed its important strategic relationship with Kroger to continue providing our innovative suite of omni-channel payment solutions. While we typically do not highlight renewals, this is one of the largest clients of the former Worldpay business. And we were thrilled with the early commitment Kroger showed in extending our long-standing partnership. In our Banking segment, our clients are reinventing their business models to create seamless digital experiences for their customers using our advanced technologies. For example, we expanded our relationship with the Global Bank to implement a real-time payment solution for their corporate clients in 9 countries. The bank chose to partner with us due to our prudent capabilities and expertise as well as our ability to move quickly to meet Europe’s regulatory requirements. In addition, a large regional bank in the U.S., decided to switch to our outsource suite of core Banking Solutions after acquiring one of our clients. The combined company now has assets approaching $50 billion, and represents a consistent theme of large financial institutions looking at FIS to solve their complex core banking business challenges. The decision was driven by our scalability and our consistent investment in new products as well as our tremendous scale in the large regional banking market.Similarly, in our Capital Market segment, our investments to automate complex process is using advanced end-to-end technologies or resonating clients. For example, a large institutional broker signed an agreement to implement our Consolidated Audit Trail solution to effectively meet new regulatory requirements for monitoring securities trading. Regulatory compliance is critical for our capital markets clients and our ability to automate these processes is a true differentiator. This is our 12th Consolidated Audit Trail win this year and shows our ability to work at scale to simplify the complex. We also expanded our strategic relationship with a large global Financial Services Corporation. In this enhancement we are bundling several FIS cloud based solutions to help this organizations global travel services enhanced treasury controls, optimize cash visibility and reduce fraud. These impressive client wins across our segments demonstrate the strength of our business model and powerful client value proposition. I am very proud of the team sales and operational execution, especially given the backdrop of the significant integration activities occurring throughout the company. With such strong results in revenue synergies already starting to ramp, I’m increasingly confident in our expectation for organic growth to approach 7% next year and to further expand to 8% to 9% in the future.I will now turn the call to Woody to round out the financial discussion before he opens the call to questions. Woody?
Woody Woodall: Thank you, Gary. I will begin with our results on Slide 8. We had an outstanding quarter. Revenue increased 5.4% on an organic basis to $2.8 billion, with strong top line performances from all three of our segments. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $1.2 billion during the quarter and our margins expanded 350 basis points to 42%. We expanded margins by generating operating leverage, driving data center consolidation and achieving cost synergies. We also benefited from the inclusion of high margin merchant revenue for the last 2 months. As a result, adjusted EPS was $1.43 per share, reflecting our strong revenue and EBITDA performance.Turning to Slide 9, we accelerated the timing of both revenue and cost synergies. In only 2 months, we have already achieved revenue synergies of more than $30 million on an annualized run rate basis primarily through the benefits from debit card routing. We expect revenue synergies to ramp up from here, giving us clear line of sight to our $150 million target by the end of 2020. This fast start gives us confidence to increase the fourth quarter revenue guidance and gives us an early lead on achieving our revenue synergy goals. In addition to the debit card routing benefits, we also expect to achieve revenue synergies through cross-selling our combined portfolio, improving authorization rates, reducing fraud and expanding our geographic presence. For example, our first joint loyalty as a currency client is on track to go live during the first half of next year. Completing the integration of this solution into the Worldpay platform will mark a significant milestone. It will streamline the on-boarding process for future clients, allowing us to significantly ramp-up sales and distribution in order to accelerate revenue synergies. At this early point in the integration, we are ahead of our planned revenue goals which puts us clearly on track to achieve our $500 million revenue synergy goal by the end of 2022.Turning to cost synergies, we achieved more than $200 million in annualized run rate cost synergies exiting the third quarter. As a result of our rapid progress, I’m very pleased to increase our 2020 cost synergy target by $50 million to more than $350 million in annual run rate savings. The team has been working hard to drive cost out of the business and started executing, day one. We drove cost synergies in the third quarter by reducing duplicative corporate costs as well as by achieving interest expense savings that we announced last quarter. Moving forward, we will achieve our cost synergy targets primarily by consolidating our merchant and issuer processing businesses as well as by streamlining operating and technology costs, while maintaining a focus on accelerating revenue growth. We feel very confident about our ability to achieve or exceed our synergy expectations and look forward to continuing to update you on our progress each quarter.Moving to Slide 10, I would like to add some color on our segment results. Merchant Solutions grew 8% organically, including 2 months of Worldpay during the quarter. We expect Merchant Solutions to accelerate to 10% growth in the fourth quarter as we realize additional revenue synergies and we expect similar growth levels in 2020. Turning to adjusted EBITDA, the Merchant segment generated $371 million in the quarter, representing a very healthy 52% margin. Our Banking Solutions segment increased 5% organically. The strong performance was primarily driven by continued new sales over the past several quarters as Gary described earlier. As a reminder, it takes several quarters to convert new sales to revenue giving us great line of sight to our organic growth targets through 2020. Our strategy to accelerate growth by investing in technology and innovation is clearly paying off. Banking generated $641 million in adjusted EBITDA driving a 43% margin. Capital Markets also generated very strong organic growth of 5%. This top line growth was primarily driven by a significant increase in recurring revenue, while license revenue remained relatively flat. We continue to shift the revenue mix of this segment from license fees to our recurring or SaaS-based subscription revenue model. Our growing recurring revenue base is building a strong foundation for future revenue growth as well as providing more visibility into our go-forward revenue expectations. The Capital Market segment generated $280 million in adjusted EBITDA, representing a 46% margin.Turning to our capital allocation strategy on Slide 11, this quarter, we saw 23% conversion of revenue into free cash flow, up from 20% last quarter. As a result, we generated $640 million in free cash flow with only two months of Worldpay, which is nearly double the amount that we achieved in the prior year period. We use the strength of our third quarter cash flow to aggressively repay debt. We have already paid down more $700 million of outstanding debt since closing even as we continue to fund integration. We also doubled our quarterly dividend payment to approximately $215 million following the increased share issuance related to the Worldpay transaction. We are committed to our investment grade credit ratings and we will quickly delever to achieve our 2.7 times leverage target by the end of 2020. Even as we de-lever the strength of our balance sheet gives us flexibility to continue to invest in innovation for the benefit of our clients as well as to execute tuck-in acquisitions to further enhance growth.Moving to our fourth quarter and full year guidance on Slide 12, we are raising our revenue, adjusted EBITDA and EPS guidance ranges for both the fourth quarter and full year. At the midpoint, we are increasing our revenue guidance by $7.5 million for the fourth quarter and by approximately $40 million for the full year. We are raising our adjusted EBITDA guidance by $10 million for the fourth quarter and approximately $50 million for the full year. Finally, we are increasing our adjusted EPS guidance at the midpoint, about $0.03 for the fourth quarter and about $0.12 for the full year. The increase to our fourth quarter guidance primarily reflects current business trends and ongoing synergy achievement, while our higher full year ranges reflect both the outperformance that we generated in the third quarter as well as our increased fourth quarter expectations. Our results and outlook demonstrate the strength of our business model and the power of our growth strategy.This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Perlin: Thanks. Good morning, guys and nice results. I wanted to ask a little bit about kind of the modernization of your banks. In the past, you talked about where they had to kind of go down this pathway in order to really implement a lot of the new technologies and I am just wondering what you saw now you’ve got this combined entity and those kind of conversations and just where we are in that process?
Gary Norcross: Yes, I know, Dan. Thanks. It’s a great question. I think we’re in the early, early innings of the transformations going on. At FIS, we are in the later innings of that. Obviously we started well over three years ago modernizing all of our technology stack and pushing our compute into our own private cloud. We then also started modernizing all of our application layer and bringing on next generation digital experiences, and frankly next-generation capabilities across all of our segments, and that’s resonating well with our clients. And you are seeing that in our quarterly results with seven strong quarters of revenue sales, but we think we are very early in the process. Frankly, as we have discussed on prior calls, I think the industry held on too long to legacy based technologies and really we are seeing our clients now have to make that transformation. So we are excited about the investment that we started years ago. We are excited about our timing for where the market is and really puts us in a really good spot as we look to the future.
Dan Perlin: And just as a quick follow-up, can I ask about the geographic mix that you are thinking about the demand environment and specifically, we have just heard concerns around Europe kind of intra-quarter and so anything on that would be great? Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Now, when we look across Europe and frankly the UK, what we are seeing in the UK with Brexit specifically, we have already seen that volume kind of go down the recessionary period. So anything that would show any kind of improvement would actually be a tailwind for us. I would agree, Europe has been a little slow for us across the broader banking capital markets as well, but we have had some nice wins here recently. Other areas like Brazil, we have seen some nice growth data. We continue to see Asia strong. So our geographic footprint continues to be a very good differentiator for us from a global perspective, but when we look at Europe and Woody talks about our guidance and where we’re seeing coming in we’re really keeping Europe and broader UK at current levels.
Dan Perlin: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Hi, good morning guys. Nice overall results here. Just one clarification on the Merchant Solutions side, can you – I realize Worldpay is only in that number for 2 months of the quarter, can you give us a sense for one what the whether or not that legacy business is still running at that sort of 10% organic growth number, it’s been running at. And then also just within that, can you give a sense for how e-com and integrated are tracking. E-com in particular just I realize that’s a small piece of the business but just so critical to the overall growth? Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Yes, it’s a great question. We tried to highlight last quarter, we expected a little noise related to the transaction in the third quarter and we only had two months in there, that probably impacted by roughly a point negatively in the quarter. We also saw technology solutions in the old Worldpay nomenclature mid to high teens with continued momentum and expectation of that mid to high teens type level both e-com and integrated had very strong quarters as we expected. And we continue to see that through both the fourth quarter with a call out of expecting 10% growth for the Merchant Solutions group in the fourth quarter and continuing that momentum into 2020.
Gary Norcross: Yes, Lisa to build on that, we kind of highlighted in the prepared remarks on our e-commerce sales success. We saw really nice sales win and that in those sales wins accelerating from a cross-sell standpoint with 23 wins this quarter compared to last quarter. So everything I would tell you, we are seeing good strong results and actually to your point, e-commerce is very, very important to the overall growth strategy and continued leadership in that space.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos: Hey, good morning guys and let me add my congrats on a strong quarter.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, George.
George Mihalos: If we can just dig in a little bit on that last question specific to the tech solutions, I think, Woody you said it was growing kind of in the mid to high teens that would seem to suggest that e-com – I would think e-com is kind of still growing in that 20%ish range. So, one, is that the right way to think about it? And then you had a lot of momentum with cross-sells and the like, just curious is servicing marketplace is a big opportunity for that e-com business or is it more kind of blocking and tackling and getting sort of a full suite for merchants that you might be servicing offline and trying to get the online business?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I will get the first question and maybe let Gary guess the second half of it. We talked about integrated or the old technology solutions growing roughly mid to high teens within if you break that down even further we would anticipate e-com in the fourth quarter and into 2020 to stay close to that 20% level and feel very good about the momentum in that business right now. Within the third quarter, specifically, it was in the mid to high-teens when you normalize some wins from last year, but very pleased with the overall growth of that business and anticipate it to continue to stay at those nearly 20% levels in the e-com.
Gary Norcross: Yes. And George to build on that, I think it’s important when we talk about e-com, we are talking about really pure-play level online acquiring. So, when you think about brick-and-mortar moving to online that really falls up under our omni-channel deployments. So now our e-com business which is pure-play really is growing very, very high as Woody just said greater than 20%. I think the cross-sell wins are important indicators. Even in the first quarter we did 16 of those, second quarter came in at 14 wins and then Q3 at 23 wins. So, Mark Shane and the group are really doing a nice job continuing to grow that business.
George Mihalos: That’s great. Really, really appreciate that. And just one more if I can kind of sneak in, when you look at kind of the synergies on the revenue side, is there any way to think about that opportunity in near-term kind of domestic U.S. versus international maybe where you might be seeing some more momentum?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I would anticipate we expect it to come out of the gate strong. We highlighted debit routing is some of it. I will say more of that in the U.S. right now, but I would tell you we are actually slightly ahead of plan on our revenue synergies coming out of the first couple of months and feel very good about executing that, but more of that in the run-rate right now would have been in the U.S.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I mean, I think George just building on that, if you look at our revenue stream, more than 70% of our revenue streams in the U.S. So naturally our cross-sells, naturally our revenue synergies is just going to be heavily weighted toward the U.S. But I think you’re going to see our revenue synergies really pretty much in alignment with the way the revenue falls as the company. So we will see nice opportunities outside the U.S. as well. We highlight the Brazil opportunity that we just signed and there will be more that come online, but just given where the book falls in general in all of these revenues are going to be cross-sell up-sell pull through data utilization, etcetera. The revenue synergies will predominantly fall in the same manner as our current revenue.
George Mihalos: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey. Good morning guys. How are you?
Gary Norcross: Great, Jason.
Jason Kupferberg: So I just wanted to ask following up from last quarter, when I think you had indicated that the deal should be modestly accretive to adjusted EPS in 2020 and that was relative to the standalone FIS number of I believe $6.16. I just wanted to see if you wanted to put a finer point on the magnitude of accretion, we should be thinking about in 2020, especially since you have now raised the expense synergy target for next year?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I am not going to give 2020 guidance today on the call, but I would tell you that gives us incremental confidence on both remarks I made last quarter which we are approaching 7% organic revenue growth, has incremental confidence on that coming out of the gate with strong revenue synergies and then accretive to that $6.16 number you mentioned there, I have incremental confidence on that and we look at the overall increase in the cost synergies next year, but not giving a finer point on it at this point. We will give more color in February when we actually outline the 2020 guide specifically.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay, fair enough. Just as a follow-up, wanted to get your latest observations in terms of some of the smaller competitors in the market that tend to be turned more to the cloud-based competitors in core banking, there was a bit of chatter on that topic 2020 last week. So I just wanted to get your perspective especially as more of the neo banks keep popping up?
Gary Norcross: Yes. I know, I think we keep highlighting throughout our calls. Obviously, we would say we are the leader in cloud-based computing today at this point in time and financial services given all of our data center consolidation and us consolidating the vast, vast majority of all of that work to the cloud today. Some of the things we are doing with technology really hasn’t been seen in the industry before. When you look at our application stack of bringing online, our next generation cloud-based applications you’re seeing success. And we’ve announced several wins on the call, and we have several more coming on specifically core banking. So whether you’re looking at our omni-channel digital experience is Digital One full cloud-based type technology you are also – we have announced several wins on our core banking next generation core banking platform and actually have one of those online as well. So we think we respect that there is always going to be competitors in the industry. But given our position, given our scale, given our historical investment and timing, we think we’re well positioned to take advantage of the next generation of technology in computing in the industry.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Well, thanks for the comments and congrats on the quarter.
Woody Woodall: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. Good to see the strong sales growth in bookings growth, Gary and Woody.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, David.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, David.
David Togut: Given the strength you have seen in bookings and this looks to be the third consecutive quarter of core FIS in the mid single-digits. Should we expect this mid single-digit growth rate in Banking Solutions to be sustainable into 2020 given the seven consecutive quarters of strong bookings you put up?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think that’s right, David. The way the business flows we anticipate sales growth driving revenue growth. So as we are seeing that sales growth for several quarters gives us good visibility and we would expect that mid single-digit growth that we highlighted last quarter in the banking segment to continue through 2020 and have a high level of confidence and visibility into that as we continue to click off months of sales.
David Togut: Understood. And then the big win you called out Gary in Brazil in Merchant, how does the pipeline look for cross-selling Merchant business in Brazil going into 2020?
Gary Norcross: I would say holistically, the pipeline for cross-sell for merchant across all of our customers looks very good, right. I mean, we were excited about the Brazil win. But when I look more holistically on a global basis in some of the things that we have going on in the sales channel with regards to Merchant, I am very excited about that overall business and our ability to cross-sell into our customer base. The response has been very strong since the closure.
David Togut: Understood. Just a quick housekeeping question, for the third quarter, what would total revenue and EBITDA have been if Worldpay were included for the full quarter?
Woody Woodall: I don’t have the dollar amounts of revenue David. I would tell you that will be slightly under the 6% number as we had some of the noise from the transaction in there. We do still anticipate full year pro forma revenue as if Worldpay would have been in since January at right at 6%.
David Togut: Understood. Thank you very much.
Gary Norcross: Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Thanks guys. Maybe just touch a little more on the driver supporting the strong growth in the legacy FIS side for a minute just because I know bookings have been good, but just more particularly, what’s driving that 5% on cap markets. I know that you expected to accelerate to get it was definitely a rate we haven’t seen much in a while on that segment. So that’s great to see. But that segment as well as even the banking side. I mean, I know you just said it would be sustainable maybe a little bit more of detail around what’s driving that sustainability now? And I just want to hone in on one follow-up. Go ahead Gary.
Gary Norcross: No, go ahead Darrin, get your follow-up questions.
Darrin Peller: Yes, I mean really just trying to understand when you combine that, if that’s stable. If you combine that with the traction we’re seeing on the cross- sells you went through on the Merchant side, right, whether it’s the cross-sells manifold pay and some of those synergies, just talk about timing on when we would expect those to come on? When do you expect the revenue from legacy cross-sells manifold pay deals you did to actually start showing up in revenue. Some of the clients you won last year. And then where are we on the rewards, NICE and the car production build out?
Gary Norcross: Okay. So look a lot in there, let’s back up to the base banking business, capital markets business and acceleration capital markets specifically. We talked about last quarter that we were seeing acceleration in capital markets. One of the things that we’re real pleased with is actually license being capital markets were flat. We actually saw an acceleration, we’ve been telling the market for some time that we are seeing this movement from licensing on premise to deploying our technologies and our SaaS model. That’s back to our investment in innovation and back to investment in technology and leveraging cloud-based computing technology, so all of that is playing huge dividends for us when you look at our scale. So we expect to see capital markets continue to accelerate in Q4 based on that investment. Banking as well, we are at an interesting inflection point in the industry. We really have a lot of legacy technologies in market, and frankly we started those investments as I said, more than three years ago where FIS started investing heavily in new innovation where we really pivoted our spend from legacy technologies to the future. You saw that impact our growth rates in the short-term, because frankly we were spending our capital dollars in areas where we didn’t have product to deploy against, but now you’re seeing the timing work out very well for FIS, where our customers are looking to take advantage of some of these lower their total cost of ownership, improve their overall digital experience across their end customers and that’s all resonating not only in our sales pipeline, but you are seeing our closings. I mean those are very strong results on sales now for seven consecutive quarters. So whether you are looking at Merchant, where we are leading and e-commerce, high valued e-commerce, high valued technology integration, banking or capital markets that key theme plays out very well and is really playing into our accelerated growth rate significantly.
Woody Woodall: If you are looking at the specifics on timing of revenue synergies, they will ramp over the course of the year, next year. We’re starting to see some of those cross-sales from the Worldpay Vantiv flow into the actual results now, and they were built into our expectations as we outlined those last quarter and we’ll see the new revenue synergies sort of flowing through over the course of the year, next year.
Darrin Peller: Okay, alright. Just one last quick follow-up, I mean, the RFPs that we are hearing about on e-com sounds like they’ve accelerated maybe even 2 to 3 times what they were last year for gateway consolidation. Are you seeing the same thing and it seems like there is maybe only four or five key players winning a lot of that bulk of those RFPs. What kind of win rates are you seeing, obviously the 23 you announced is a good sign of that?
Gary Norcross: Yes. Now look, I mean, we are seeing obviously increased demand for our solution set, I mean e-commerce is doing very well. We think there is really three significant players in the space today. And clearly, we are the lead global player in that mix. And you are seeing that in our cross-sell wins. And the team just doing a really nice job of selling into this key high growth secular market and you will continue to see us ramping that up and also the revenue associated with that and driving into the results as Woody talked about.
Darrin Peller: Alright. Thanks guys. Great.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thanks. Hi, Gary. Hi, Woody.
Gary Norcross: Hi Ashwin. How are you?
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hey, good, good. Thank you. These are good results. Appreciate the raise very solid. Can I start with, I know you are not providing 2020 guidance, but investors are clearly focused on the future. So perhaps maybe I can start by asking, our led things investors should watch out for from a modeling perspective as they put down more granular numbers any quarterly trends, the cadence of synergies coming in any comp things to watch out for?
Woody Woodall: Yes, it’s a good question. We continue to add color. I would tell you, first quarter comps next year have some challenge and maybe you remember this year Banking had a very strong first quarter of 2019. They had some tailwinds in it. So there is some comps in there. We anticipate revenue synergies to increment over the course of the year as they take form from achieved to realizing them in the P&L. So we’ll see that. We tried to give some color around merchant being at roughly 10% going into 2020 with good line of sight. Banking to be mid single-digits and the Capital Markets group to be low single-digits with some optimism on Capital Markets as we continue to see the quality of that revenue, the recurring nature of that revenue continue to increase. But we have incrementally more confidence in a 7% or approaching 7% organic growth in 2020 and certainly have incremental more confidence on the comment regarding it being accretive to the $6.16 I mentioned last quarter. So those would be some incremental color points Ashwin as we go into 2020.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Now, thank you for that. And then I know as a company both you guys and legacy Worldpay, always been sort of focused on reinvesting. So when you talk of increased synergies, is that a gross number. Is that a a net number and the reinvestments, what are the focus areas for you now. And then sort of clarification, obviously you guys have announced new headquarters. Could you just kind of provide the capital allocation on that?
Woody Woodall: Yes, the synergy number is a number net of dis-synergies, if you will. So things that we would have to invest related to the transaction, specifically would be netted into that number. To the extent we decided to invest further in other areas we would obviously call that out in a different way, but that synergy numbers, net of dis-synergies within the overall guide for 2020. We are or just announced, we will be building a new headquarters here in Jacksonville, effectively consolidating existing – three existing spaces that we have today in Jacksonville and we’ll expand and grow some incremental jobs. We continue to grow the overall company. It is in our overall guidance. It is our overall capital allocation and would not change anything that we’ve outlined already.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff: Good morning, Gary, Woody and Nate.
Gary Norcross: Hey Brett.
Woody Woodall: Good morning Brett.
Brett Huff: Two questions. One to follow-up on Brazil, we are pretty excited about that opportunity given the limited US presence there. Gary, you talked about a big bank referral win which is great. Can you tell us a little bit about your strategy going forward? Are we going to lead with e-com, are you going to lead with sort of integrated arena lead are you trying to leverage the issuing relationships we have down there. Can you kind of give us a sense of that? And then number two question is, the 25% sales increase or bookings increase was that organic including Worldpay kind of just I want to make sure that I understand what that number is? Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Yes, the first, let’s get the second question first. The 25% is an organic growth number, right. And we have been very consistent on the quarters that we disclosed that. Back to Brazil, obviously what we will continue to focus on, we have been driving heavily into e-commerce and we want to continue to make sure that we leverage e-commerce, where we can appropriately in Brazil, certainly a great opportunity for us on that. But with that being said, we also want to make sure that we take advantage of – we have got a really good, strong client base in Brazil and we want to make sure that we are partnering with those clients in a way and adding value to through cross-sells and up-sells as well. So it will be a combination of both. But I would tell you in general given what we are seeing in that high gross secular market, we prefer to lead with e-commerce and in any point we can on the Merchant side.
Brett Huff: Okay, that’s great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Yes. Thanks guys. Good job.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Dave.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Dave.
Dave Koning: Yes. And I guess just first of all on the Merchant segment, is it easiest just to think about the legacy tech solutions high teens in the legacy merchant part low single-digits and that just blends to about 10% over time. And then as part of that is merchant growing low single-digits and can that actually get better like the merchant the old legacy Merchant segment?
Woody Woodall: That’s a rough way to think about Dave. I mean, there are some pieces that were moved around as you know. We certainly saw very good growth in both integrated and e-com and trying to highlight some color on that. One of the theories we had is that the traditional business we could improve and grow faster and I think we’ll see that over time as it flows into the numbers. I think it’s a rough way to think about it. We’re trying to highlight that merchant on a go-forward basis, we anticipate Q4 to be about 10% and in 2020 to be roughly a 10% number, which aligns with that high-single low-double digit comment that we’ve talked about over the past couple of quarters. I feel very good about where the business is health of the very strong growers and our ability to drive some incremental growth in some of the slower business.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I mean in general, Dave. I think the way to think about it is, obviously, we are going to focus on high-growth secular trends that are occurring across our various market segments, right. And so, naturally, we’re going to be focusing heavily in merchant on technology and high valued e-commerce, because there is a very strong secular growth trends there. With that being said [indiscernible] and the team – broader team are doing an excellent job as well with the traditional merchant business. So we’re not going to turn it back on these other businesses, but you will see us continue to focus on where we see high secular growth capital markets, we are seeing a lot going on in RegTech, which is why we highlighted the Consolidated Audit Trail success there. So anywhere we see these higher secular growth trends we’re going to sell into and we think we’ve got excellent technology to deliver against them and you’ll absolutely see those just grow at a much higher growth rate.
Dave Koning: Great, thanks. And just one follow-up on Q4, it seems like the guidance implies growth to be reasonably similar to Q3 unless, I’m mistaken, but I know you talked about merchant accelerating, I think capital markets accelerating. Is banking about the same? Maybe just so you can kind of take the three segments and say which ones accelerating and decelerating relative to the total company Q4 guidance?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think you’ve got merchant continue to accelerate off of Q3. We anticipate Capital Markets to continue to accelerate off of Q3, and banking closer to the Q3 number as it faces a little more difficult comps in the fourth quarter. Net-net, you’re seeing the increase in the fourth quarter on the guide, basically being driven by revenue synergies. And we already had some of those that revenue and cost synergies baked into the original Q4 guidance overall, and we believe it’s balanced Dave.
Dave Koning: Great. Thanks. Nice job.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Napoli with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Bob Napoli: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for the question.
Woody Woodall: Good morning Bob.
Bob Napoli: Just with the acquisition now of Worldpay, I was just wondering what the thoughts were on your M&A? I understand you’re very tied in right now with integrating and cross-selling, but I would imagine that you’re generating, so much cash flow, you are thinking about – I am sure you are thinking about an M&A strategy. I just wanted to, if there is any change or any thought and how you’re thinking about M&A, in the future as you get more into the integration of the two companies?
Gary Norcross: Yes, Bob, at the highest level, there is really no change. I mean, obviously, we’re very focused on integrating the Worldpay transaction. With that being said, we will do, even now we’ll do small tuck-in type acquisitions to augment growth in areas that we’re seeing going on in the segments. As you said, we’ve got plenty of cash flow to not only pay down the debt as Woody described, but also not only to continue to maintain our dividend going forward, but also to make small tuck-in acquisitions. Once we feel like we’ve got the integration of Worldpay behind us, we want to make sure that we drive accelerate growth we’re looking for also drive the accelerated shareholder value. We’ll then look to see if there is some broader M&A activity. But M&A is going to continue to play an important role in our strategy as we look for ways to accelerate our growth further.
Bob Napoli: Thank you. And just a follow-up on the outlook for EBITDA margins by segments. As you think about that over not only into 2020, but long term, any thoughts on how we should think about which areas we’ll see the most expansion in margins?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think you’ll see expansion across all three segments particularly as corporate costs get leveraged into those segments. You’ll see incremental probably in merchant and banking and some of the most of the revenue synergies are driven out of those two segments, but you will see margin expansion across all.
Bob Napoli: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vasu Govil with KBW. Please go ahead.
Vasu Govil: Hi, thanks for taking my question and congratulations on a great quarter.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
Vasu Govil: I guess the first question on the Worldpay and Vantis cost synergies, are you still tracking in line to deliver that $250 million number that you had called out? And then as we think about the revenue synergies, do you have any updated thoughts given that you have seen this acceleration in deal signings. So it could be tracking better than the $100 million number that you’re doing out there before?
Woody Woodall: Yes, on the cost side, we are really kind of close that out last quarter at the $250 million number. So most of the tracking at this point of that is behind us and we’re focused on integrating the new Worldpay with FIS. With regard to the $100 million of revenue synergies that was previously outlined, we anticipate more of that to flow into 2020. But I think that’s roughly in line with the original expectations as you are seeing us call out those cross- sells, and feel very confident that that’s still a good number.
Vasu Govil: Great. And just a quick follow-up on the strong new sales number, can you give us a little bit color maybe on sort of what the composition of that new sales looks like, where you were seeing more strength? And then you also noted the backlog accelerated to 9%, I think it was 7% last quarter. Does that mean we are running ahead of track for 2020 or is there a different sort of interpretation of that?
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, most of our sales success what we are seeing obviously, we highlighted a number of key wins, but you’re really seeing it around our new technology, new innovation, new solutioning drive we highlighted the merger of two very large regional banks coming together to form almost $50 billion institution and they selected to come with FIS, even though the other bank that was acquiring our bank. So, and that’s all just based on the innovations around core bank processing, which was a question highlighted earlier and also our omni-channel digital experience. We’re also seeing it across all of our real-time faster payments type solutions. We have highlighted a lot on this call around merchant. Certainly in Capital Markets, we are seeing strong growth in regtech and some of the other areas. What I am really excited about is just how much of it is really now coming into our full blown SaaS models. Right. We’ve talked a lot about this on – on this quarter, it was really nice to see Capital Markets grow with actually flat license fees and accelerated – significant acceleration on the SaaS deployment of software, and so it really gives us high confidence as we lean into – going into next year. And as Woody talked about our accelerated growth targets, so all of that makes us feel really good about what we are seeing going into 2020.
Vasu Govil: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt O’Neill with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Matt O’Neill: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Most of the detailed questions have been asked and answered. I was wondering though if we could bring it back to, I think it was the final slide of the merger deck or you talked about the promise of the end-to-end connectivity between issuer data and acquiring and I think the view that this could bring a durable competitive advantage to off rates and fraud rates longer term. And so I know it’s only a few months in, but have the teams kind of met, has the data pool has been sort of discussed and shared or maybe you could articulate kind of how that longer term synergy process is starting to take shape?
Gary Norcross: Yes, no, I think it’s a great question, Matt. Absolutely the teams have met, we have got a full plan around improving our off rates and reducing our fraud rates. The whole end-to-end we are evaluating this even closed loop makes sense. So there is a lot of opportunities here that the combined asset pool of the combined company can drive into the future. As we have talked about on prior calls, really need to look at those things starting to come online, 18 months, and after because there is work. I mean, Woody highlighted, even our loyalty as a currency where we’re bringing that online in a fully integrated manner in the first half of next year. So we do have to do work as we put these together, but the quick answer is, the teams are highly engaged. Excuse me, and we’ve got a lot of governance around that and we will continue to drive to that because we think there’s a lot of opportunity on that in the 18 months out timeframe.
Matt O’Neill: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Damian Wille: Hi guys. Good morning. This is Damian on for Ramsey. I wanted to ask on the PIN debit routing you called that out as the driver of the revenue synergies this quarter. Is that opportunity largely complete now or is there more to go there and what would you view is the sort of next synergy driver that you will focus on?
Gary Norcross: No, I wouldn’t say it’s complete at all. I think Woody was just trying to highlight something that drove a big piece of the early synergies win that we highlighted. There were other things that were in that number as well. But as we look for opportunities to leverage our scale whether it’s in debit routing, merchant referral services, even some of the things we talked about on the last question that will continue to drive and accelerate the revenue. We really have identified six major areas that we’re focused on today. The teams have rallied around those. We’ve built detailed plans around that, whether it’s investment in software for development purposes etc or just sales plans and sales tactics and execution, and I can tell you we are way down the path on all of those major categories. And as we come in the future quarters. We’ll give you more and more highlights as we see that revenue ramp. But you know, last quarter, we increased the amount of revenue for next year from a cross-sell standpoint. Given the quick out of the huge success we’ve had, we’re actually very excited and feel that number is – we’re certainly much more confident in that number as we go into it and then in future quarters, we’ll give more and more detail for you.
Damian Wille: Yes, that’s great. And then a follow-up, actually we have been talking a lot about Brazil today, maybe we could talk Brazil than a little bit more on India. I know you called that out, originally as a focus area, maybe you could give us more color on just what exists in your India business today how much of it is ATM versus core versus the card processing and then which of those businesses you expect to lever the most in the context of this Worldpay cross-sell?
Gary Norcross: Yes. Look, I mean, we have talked a lot in the past. Obviously, we have got a large ATM business in India. We have got a lot of large now in growing core banking business in India. We were very successful in leveraging a lot of the new charters that were launched in India as a mandate by the government. So we have successfully launched those. We will leverage obviously those customers to cross-sell further payment capabilities and we talked about e-commerce, which we think there is a real opportunity to leverage more e-com in India as well, but it’s really going to be a combination of all of our capabilities that will continue to allow us to accelerate our India growth rates.
Damian Wille: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Thanks so much. It looks like a great start to Worldpay. I heard the 9% organic growth in the backlog, Gary, how about underlying retention and pricing? Is that moving up or holding up as well in driving your acceleration comment next year?
Gary Norcross: Yes, you know what, what I would tell you Tien-tsin, we have talked about this in the plan. We are not seeing any acceleration loss rates or pricing compression has been a fact for years in our banking and capital markets business, so we – and we are not seeing really an acceleration of that as well. I mean it seems to be pretty consistent. I would tell you, I don’t think its necessary slowing, but we feel great about the share we’re winning and feel great about our competitive positions. But we don’t see that as an accelerating headwind going into next year and it gives us that much more confidence as we look into next year.
Tien-tsin Huang: Good. It’s encouraging. Just two quick clarifications. The merchant bank deals, the U.S. and the Brazil and maybe just the short-term pipeline as well. I’m curious, are this mostly the Novo merchant bank deals, just curious how quickly those things can ramp and then also on capital markets can we say that you have reached an inflection there with converting from licensing to just asset deals?
Gary Norcross: Well, let’s go to the first one that is both of the merchant deals were competitive takeaways. And so we’re excited about that. When you look at capital markets opportunity that we’ve talked about, I don’t know that we’re at the inflection point. Q4 naturally has a heavy license component and always has been. We talked about how we have got a balance from a sales standpoint of our license grow over compared to our SaaS model. We think this quarter was just a great execution by the team, they really did just a really nice job with that management, and so it’s certainly is a strong indicator, you will see reoccurring revenue in capital markets continue to accelerate. But we’re still – it will still be next couple of years before we get truly license fees down in a range, what you’re seeing in banking, which is a very small percentage.
Tien-tsin Huang: Understood. Thank you for the update.
Woody Woodall: Thanks Tien-tsin.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question today comes from the line of Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Joseph Foresi: Hi, just two quick ones to wrap up. Maybe you could give us a little bit more color of your on the ground conversation with banks, particularly in the merchant services, how that conversation is going, what pricing looks like because obviously it’s been coming down over a long period of time. And then I’ll ask my second one upfront as well. Just the delta on the upside on the cost synergies, when we get to the top end of the range, where do you think you might be able to extend the cost synergies and what functions would you be looking at?
Gary Norcross: I’ll take the first one on the merchant conversations. I think if you look, one of the things that we were excited about when we put the combination Worldpay together was just how much they have spent on next generation technologies themselves, right. So you look at FIS, we have talked a lot about our modernization efforts, our transformation efforts. I would tell you Worldpay what they are very similar process whether it’s their acquiring platform in the UK or frankly stuff, they have done with high valued integrated payments and then e-commerce, and so when we are talking to our bank referrals for merchant referral programs, they see the benefits of that investment, they see the technology and what it can drive and how it can help them differentiate and actually grow their revenue streams. From a pricing standpoint, like all the industries, it’s price competitive out there. And we think our scale allows us to compete in the investments we’ve made. We think it allows us to compete in that category very, very effectively. Are we seeing increases in price competition honestly I’m not from my chair. But I would tell you it’s always been price competitive. Alright, and I think FIS is in a real good position to compete on that.
Woody Woodall: On the cost synergy side, I think we are really pleased with where we are. At announcement day we started out with a roughly $400 million of cost synergies, we increase that to $500 million on the second quarter call. We increased that to greater than $500 million today, while we’re not end of job, we continue to focus. I think the teams are very good and continue to drive costs out of the business and we’ve got a long history of being able to overdrive our synergy targets.
Joseph Foresi: Thank you.
Gary Norcross: I am excited about the strength of our performance following the Worldpay acquisition and the progress we’ve made in bringing our two great teams together. I would like to thank our more than 55,000 associates across the globe who are working hard everyday to deliver exceptional results for our clients and shareholders. If you have any questions, following today’s call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. I couldn’t be more excited about the future of FIS and I want to thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. You may access a digitized replay system after 11:00 a.m. Eastern through December 6 at midnight by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 473273. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 with the access code 473273. That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to FIS Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Also as a reminder, today's teleconference is being recorded.And at this time, I'll turn the call over to your host, Head of Investor Relations, Mr. Nate Rozof, Please go ahead, sir.
Nate Rozof: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today for the FIS second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. This conference call is being webcasted. Today's webcast, news release and corresponding presentation are all available at our website at fisglobal.com.Turning to slide 2. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Also, throughout this conference call, we will be presenting non-GAAP information including adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share. These are important financial performance measures for the company, but are not financial measures as defined by GAAP. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP information to the GAAP financial information are presented in our earnings release.During today's call, Gary Norcross, our Chairman, President and CEO, will discuss our second quarter 2019 highlights and the successful closing of the Worldpay acquisition. Woody Woodall, our CFO, will review FIS's and Worldpay's second quarter financial results and provide guidance for the remainder of the year.With that, I'll turn the call over to Gary, who will begin his comments on slide 3. Gary?
Gary Norcross: Thank you, Nate. Good morning and welcome to today's call. I'm very pleased to announce that FIS and Worldpay have officially combined. We now begin the next exciting chapter in our pivot to growth strategy. I'm especially excited to welcome the Worldpay team as well as their clients and investors into the FIS family.Charles, Mark, Stephanie and key leaders from Worldpay are staying with the company and joining our team to continue driving growth in the merchant business and other areas of FIS. I couldn't be more optimistic about the future of this company and what we will accomplish together.Clients and partners from both companies have shared how excited they are about the opportunities that the new FIS will bring to the table with their expanded capabilities. As a leading provider of technology for merchants, financial institutions and capital markets across the globe, this gives us the unique ability to create seamless end-to-end experiences. Together, we will advance the way the world pay, banks and invests positioning us to power the digital economy. This combination redefines our road map to accelerating organic growth.Both FIS and Worldpay had a strong second quarter, providing us confidence that our markets remain robust and that our teams remain focused on execution. FIS has successfully generated six consecutive quarters of exceptionally strong sales. In the second quarter, sales were up more than 30% increasing our backlog by 7% organically giving us clear line of sight to continue to accelerating revenue growth.Wins in the quarter continued to amplify client demand for our solutions to improve the digital experience for their customers and drive operational efficiencies. For example, in our IFS segment, a large regional bank with more than $35 billion in assets expanded its relationship with us through a significant new multiyear agreement for our Digital One item processing and capture solutions to gain new efficiencies, reduce costs and improve the digital experience for its customers. This move toward outsourced solutions also propelled a large U.S.-based insurance company to select our hosted enterprise platform to streamline key back office processes and improve the customer support experience.Additionally, in our GFS segment, a regional arm of the top five UK institution signed a long-term agreement for an FIS core banking solution in support of the bank's goals to better serve its German-speaking markets post-Brexit. Also, a large asset management firm with more than $60 billion in assets under management chose to partner with FIS to gain cost and servicing efficiencies within this transfer agency operations.Similarly, Worldpay has maintained a strong growth trajectory as the business is ideally positioned in secular high-growth payments markets, including global e-commerce and integrated payments.Within global e-commerce, Worldpay continued its exciting sales momentum by adding 14 new cross-sell wins during the quarter, bringing the total to 56. These wins show that Worldpay's global reach and tailored solutions are clearly resonating with merchants.On day one of the FIS Worldpay combination, FIS organic growth rate increases from 4% to 6% on a pro forma annualized basis. The combination also creates significant revenue synergy opportunities of $500 million. We expect to begin realizing revenue synergies in the coming months accelerating organic revenue growth trends towards 7% next year and then into the 7% to 9% range in the future.In addition, we will continue to invest in new value-creating opportunities to reinforce and enhance our growth by harnessing the power of our combined cash flow. Later in the call, I'll provide further perspective on our transformation into a unique global leader within commerce and financial services and the differentiated value proposition that we'll bring to our clients.But first, Woody will take us through our second quarter financial results. Woody?
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Gary. I'd also like to express my enthusiasm for closing the transaction and my sincere thanks to our teams for making this a success. We have been hard at work since the transaction announcement to provide the investment community with a complete package of information today in order to paint a clear picture of how we see FIS going forward.This includes presenting both companies outstanding second quarter results as well as quarterly historical pro forma combined financials combined company guidance for the rest of the year plus initial thoughts for 2020. It's been a heavy lift, but our teams have done a great job.Turning to FIS' consolidated results on slide 4. In the second quarter, revenue increased 5% on an organic basis. Our EBITDA margins expanded 170 basis points to 37.6% and adjusted EPS grew 9% to $1.78 per share. Our top line growth continues the acceleration we saw in the first quarter and reflects the strong sales momentum that Gary mentioned.Our healthy margin expansion was enhanced by our data center consolidation program and the ongoing benefits of prior-year divestitures. We are very pleased with the first half of the year, and we are excited for the future of FIS.Moving to slide 5. Our IFS segment continues to accelerate and increased 6% on an organic basis as EBITDA margins expanded by 150 basis points. IFS' strong top line performance was broad-based and our banking and wealth famous and corporate and digital businesses each grew 6% during the quarter.GFS also had a very strong quarter with organic revenue growth accelerating to 4% and EBITDA margins expanding by 120 basis points.Within the GFS division, our institutional and wholesale business returned to growth, increasing by 3% on an organic basis. We anticipate this business will continue to experience improving trends, in the second half of the year.It was another impressive quarter for Worldpay, as you can see on slide 6. Revenue increased 9%, when excluding crypto and foreign currency headwinds. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded by 330 basis points. And adjusted EPS increased by 19% to $1.24 per share.Fueling Worldpay's strong top line its technology solutions statement secular upper teen's growth, increasing by 19%, when excluding crypto and foreign currency headwinds. The Merchant Solutions and issuer solutions segments, each grew 2% on a constant currency basis, in line with the expectations.Worldpay achieved $50 million in cost synergies during the quarter, and completed its U.S. platform migration, keeping it on track to successfully complete, its $250 million annualized cost synergy program, by the end of the year. These results reflect continued strong business momentum, providing a solid base to begin the second half of the year.I'll now turn the call back over to Gary, to discuss our go-forward operating model, beginning on slide 7.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Woody. As we bring our two great companies together, we will structure our organization into three operating segments. This new structure reflects our distinct, but complementary global businesses and the integration of Worldpay's talent and technologies.Going forward our segments will be merchant Solutions, banking solution and Capital Market Solutions. Starting with Merchant Solutions, FIS will go to market using the Worldpay brand.The segment will be led by Mark Heimbouch, Worldpay's former President and Chief Operating Officer, who will continue to build its leading market position in global e-commerce and integrated payments.Our Banking Solutions segment will be led by Bruce Lowthers, who previously led IFS. In his expanded role, Bruce will continue to drive accelerating growth across our global client base.Our third segment will provide best-in-class solutions across all facets of the capital markets industry. Mark and Bruce will lead this segment serving by side and sell side firms as well as corporations and insurance companies.The common denominator across all three of these segments is digital enablement across global markets. All three serve the largest multinational clients, with leading solutions at global scale.They also bring innovative capabilities to help our small and midsized clients to be agile, resilient and to reach their full potential. Finally all three are uniquely positioned in secular high-growth markets. Turning to slide 8, we will go to market in all three of our segments with a powerful client value proposition.For over 50 years, FIS has driven growth for clients around the world by creating tomorrow's technology, solutions and services to modernize today's business and customer experiences. We do more than develop technology.We provide access to innovation, by continuously investing to create innovative, secure enterprise grade solutions that position our clients and their customers for success today and in the future.With our data and insights, we create new intersections between markets and technology that solve for our client's future, while delivering experiences that are more simple, seamless and secure to advance the way the world pays, banks and invests.Using our world classic scale, we enable our clients' global reach at the global level. With their connection across the global financial ecosystem, we provide clients access to new enterprise grade solutions that enable them to run their businesses more efficiently, grow more effectively, and enter into new markets with greater speed and lower cost of entry.Delivering innovation and insight at this global scale, puts us at the heart of commerce in the financial world. This is why I'm so confident in our ability to build on the strong foundations already laid at FIS and Worldpay to accelerate our revenue growth even further together.I'll now turn the call back to Woody to round out our financial discussion before he opens the call -- questions. Woody?
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Gary. Moving to slide 9. We have a compelling financial profile which is further strengthened by the Worldpay acquisition, a high-quality revenue supported by long-term contracts for mission-critical solutions. This creates recurring revenue that’s predictable and resilient. The Worldpay transaction enhances these attributes by providing meaningful exposure to secular, high-growth markets like e-commerce and integrated payments.Our world-class scale creates operating leverage and drives substantial margin expansion. We deliver solutions using a one to many SaaS model and aggressively focus on operational excellence. One of the attractive components of this transaction is that the Worldpay team has the same focus and together we will use this operating mindset to drive significant cost synergies.Finally, FIS is known as a strong cash flow generator, which will be significantly enhanced going forward. As we achieve our integration targets, free cash flow will almost double over the next three years dramatically expanding our capacity to invest for future growth. These attractive qualities combined with our constant focus on creating shareholder value will create substantial earnings growth.Turning to slide 10. Consistent with past practices, we have taken advantage of the past four months to do detailed integration planning. Through this planning, we have identified opportunities to accelerate our time line to achieving synergies. We now have line of sight to exit 2020 at $150 million of annual run rate revenue synergies $50 million more than our original expectations making us even more confident in our ability to generate a total of $500 million in annual run rate synergies by the end of 2022.As we achieve these synergies, we expect our organic growth rate to accelerate from approximately 6% on a pro forma annualized basis in 2019 towards 7% in 2020 and higher in the future as Gary mentioned.We will initially generate revenue synergies by driving additional volumes across our payment networks, optimizing our loyalty and fraud solutions and enhancing Worldpay's issuer business. All of these opportunities are supported by solutions that are in market today with a demonstrated value proposition for our clients. As we move further out, longer term opportunities include increasing authorization rates for our e-commerce platform, leveraging our global presence to expand market share in emerging geographies and utilizing our global back channel for merchant referrals.Turning to slide 11. Through integration planning we validated the time line that we expect to deliver cost synergies including increasing our total expected expense savings to more than $500 million on an annual run rate basis by the end of 2022. This includes more than $100 million in net interest expense savings annually due to our successful refinancing of Worldpay’s debt.We will quickly begin executing our operational synergies by achieving operational efficiencies, technology optimization and corporate alignment now that this transaction is closed and expect to exit 2020 at a $200 million annual run rate. This annual run rate will step up to $300 million and $400 million by the end of 2021 and 2022, respectively. Consistent with past transactions, we look forward to updating you on our progress for both revenue and cost synergies in the upcoming quarters.Turning to slide 12. Our capital allocation strategy remains consistent. This quarter we generated over $400 million of free cash flow representing a 20% conversion to revenue and 18% growth year-over-year. Our current leverage is approximately 3.5 times and we are committed to rapidly delever to approximately 2.7 times in 12 months to 18 months. Even as we delever, the strength of our balance sheet, it gives us the flexibility to consider tuck-in acquisitions to further enhance growth. We will also continue to maintain and grow our current dividend program, which returned over $100 million to shareholders this quarter.Finally, we'll continue to use our strong free cash flow to invest in industry-leading technology initiatives to drive sustained organic growth. With the strength of our balance sheet and the power of our free cash flow we can do each of these things while still hitting our leverage targets.Turning to slide 13. We are presenting third and fourth quarter 2019 guidance for the combined company, which includes Worldpay's contribution to our results beginning on August 1. Our revenue guidance supports 6% organic growth through the full-year on an adjusted combined basis, and it supports our conviction in approaching 7% organic revenue growth in 2020.Our EBITDA guidance reflects ongoing margin expansion at both companies, primarily driven by our data center consolidation program and Worldpay's $250 million cost synergy program. Going forward, we will continue to expense stock compensation, which Worldpay has previously added back.This creates approximately $70 million in stock compensation within our guidance that would not have been incorporated into prior expectations for Worldpay. We expect to incur approximately $30 million in stock compensation expense for Worldpay employees during the third quarter and approximately $40 million during the fourth quarter, which is factored into this guidance.I am pleased to report that following constructive dialogue with the Securities and Exchange Commission, we will resume our prior method of reporting adjusted EPS, which excludes amortization of purchased accounting intangibles only.For the third quarter, we anticipate adjusted EPS of $1.33 to $1.37 per share and $1.47 to $1.53 per share in the fourth quarter. We've provided a reconciliation of our EPS guidance between both methods in our earnings release and the appendix of this presentation to ensure transparency.Along with the additional assumptions provided on the slide, I would also like to message that we believe our full-year weighted shares outstanding will be approximately 453 million to 455 million.While we provide formal 2020 guidance on our Q4 call, I wanted to give a quick recap on some of our 2020 commentary. Given the strong trends within our business and our confidence to exit 2020 at $150 million of annual run rate revenue synergies, we expect our organic revenue growth rate to accelerate from 6% towards 7% in 2020.Further, we expect to exit 2020 at $200 million of annual run rate cost synergies in addition to generating over $100 million in net interest expense savings. Given our success to date with this integration, we now expect the Worldpay acquisition to be accretive in 2020.With that, I'll turn the call over for Q&A. Operator, you may open the line.Operator[Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning: Yeah. Hey, guys. Congrats on auto progress.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Dave.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Dave.
Dave Koning: Yeah. And I guess, first of all it's interesting to see the new segment results along merchant banking and capital markets. And I'm wondering you gave the 10%, 5% and 3% growth for the three segments. I know you're expecting acceleration over the next couple of years. Maybe you could talk a little bit about how each of those segments contributes to the acceleration, which ones maybe more than others and how you see those segments growing?
Gary Norcross: Yeah. I think you're right. We're looking at the merchant to be in kind of a high-single, low-double-digit growth rate over the next few years. We are looking at banking in the mid-single-digits and capital markets to be in the lower-single-digits. I think we'll see revenue synergies in both banking and in the merchant business, driving higher growth over the next few years. But we're very pleased with the acceleration we've seen in both businesses and the momentum, both businesses have going into 2020.
Dave Koning: Okay. Great, thanks. And then, I guess on -- originally I think, maybe 18 months ago or 12 months ago, you talked about -- I think it was 2021, being 7 to 750. And now since then, you said that, this deal will be accretive to the midpoint of that range, I think or accretive to at least that range.But now also you had better results than expected across both companies. You had interest expense going down. I mean, are we kind of thinking higher end of that range now?
Woody Woodall: I think what we've really clarified today, was that instead of a diluted deal in 2020, we're looking at an accretive deal in 2020. Hadn't really updated as far as where we're at on 2021. But certainly pleased with progress to date, and certainly pleased to being able to accelerate the revenue synergies earlier.
Dave Koning: Okay, great. Lastly, just free cash flow nearly double exiting, 2022. What does that mean exactly? Double from what level, or just -- how do we think of that may be in dollars or...
Woody Woodall: Yeah. If we go back to the announcement day deck, I think, you looked at we describe 2022 or post synergy number of $4 billion to $4.5 billion, and are still looking at that number in the out year Dave.
Dave Koning: Okay, great. Well thanks guys. I appreciate it.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue comes from David Togut with Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Hi. Good morning and congratulations.
Woody Woodall: Thanks Dave.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
David Togut: It looks like the second consecutive quarter of 5% organic growth for core FIS, and that's probably the first time in at least three years. So what would be your assumption for organic growth for FIS standalone for the back half of this year? Because it seems like you're trending above the 4% to 4.5% organic revenue guide for the full year.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. It's a good question. We're certainly seeing the investments that we've been making, paying off into sales, sales turning into revenue now. We've talked about that for the last few quarters.If we were on a stand-alone basis, we would be raising our standalone guide to more like a 5% number right now for the consolidated FIS standalone Dave.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. Absolutely, Dave well maybe if you look we are now had six quarters of consecutive strong sales, obviously very strong sales, this past quarter. Pipeline looks really good. So, we're really pleased with all the investments we've made on modernization.All of the work that we've done around, data center consolidation. We've talked about new availability limits that we're bringing to market, our mass enablement programs. All of those are really pushing the former FIS into mid-single digits. And we feel very confident that's going to continue across that base.
David Togut: Good to see. And then, on the synergy targets, the $50 million revenue raise by year-end 2020 on revenue synergy, and $100 million raise on costs synergy for year three exit rate, what specifically changed in the last few months, to give you the conviction to raise the targets so early on?
Gary Norcross: I think Dave when we start pulling the teams together. And we started working on. One we start to working on the various tracks, whether the business lines got together. And start working on the revenue opportunities. And what we saw is the potential new product deployments across the various client bases.And even when we saw the across on the operating side as well, we just started building a lot of confidence in our ground up planning. When we come into announcement, we've done top-down due diligence, based on experience, and based on what we saw during due diligence, we come into a synergy number.And that always gives us high confidence. I mean, we always have a -- we're always very good at exceeding those expectations. But then as you build ground up, you really start gaining confidence on how you're thinking about what products, where the market opportunities are, what the cross-sell is, what's the total addressable market to address against that and all of that’s driven us a lot of confidence going into next year and delivering the revenue earlier than what we thought. We've also had great feedback from our clients both from the Worldpay and on the FIS side our clients have been reaching out to us. They're excited about what this combination can mean for them. So all of those things come into play with why we're confident in the revenue synergies going forward.
David Togut: Understood. Congrats, again.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in queue will come from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Schneider: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just following up on David's previous question. Can you maybe just give us a bit of a sense about some of the earliest revenue synergies you expect to materialize and some examples of kind of what those could be whether that's more on the e-commerce side? Whether that's global distribution throughout your bank network of Worldpay's products etcetera?
Gary Norcross: I think, the short-term what we're going to see Jim is -- as Woody discussed in his prepared remarks, it's really our existing capabilities or Worldpay's existing capabilities and our ability to deliver that across our new combined client base. So early on, obviously, we'll be focusing on debit routing initiatives. We talked a lot about that on the launch. We think there is some real opportunity to be gained there.When you start thinking about the data and analytics that Worldpay can do around merchants and merchants portfolios to provide that access into that information to merchants, we were really nascent in that space over our merchant portfolio so a real opportunity going that way. You see other areas where -- as you think about cross-selling other capabilities on both sides that will also step-up. Longer term, we'll start seeing more pick-up of merchant referral programs. We're going to start seeing more pick-up of using our loyalty as a currency that we've talked about in the past to being able to deploy across that base. So we got really good line of sight into the revenue synergy opportunities.The sales teams now post close are coming together and really building out all their go-to-market plans. Marketing has done a great job in letting them hit the ground running with launch materials on what we're going to be selling in those bases. So all of that's triggering a good strong insight into our revenues on.
Jim Schneider: That's helpful. Thanks. And then maybe as a follow-up can you maybe just give us Gary a little bit of an update on the strategic and macrolevel from your core kind of Banking and Solutions clients? What they're saying about the current interest rate environment if it's having any kind of impact on their spending or outsourcing decisions? And kind of how do you feel about the remainder of the year in that specific segment and heading into 2020?
Gary Norcross: You know, Jim it's a good question. I mean everybody watches as interest rates go up and go down, what does this means for financial institutions. And clearly as you're looking at interest rates being lowered, especially, on a number of our customers that were directly hit their net interest margin and therefore hit their income. But what we're seeing honestly is what's going on in the industry I think a lot of financial institutions and we've talked about this on prior calls they really held on too long to their historical legacy technologies. And I think they're really in a mode now where they have to invest. And so what -- we've seen six consecutive quarters of very strong sales. We have a very full pipeline going in the back half of the year, across all of our businesses both banking and capital markets and Merchant Solutions.So, all of those things make us bullish and confident on the future. I don't think that banks are going to be able to pull back their spend in the short-term, because at this point in time, they have to move to the next-generation platforms. They have to move to the cloud. They have to move the digital enablement in order to survive. And FIS is very well-positioned to capture those revenue opportunities as people are making next-generation decisions and really pushing in that direction.
Jim Schneider: Congratulations for the update, guidance and thank you.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Let me add my congratulations Gary and Woody on both closing the deal as well as this initial presentation deck here is very useful.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Thank you, Ashwin. We appreciate it.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Sure, sure. Yeah. Let me actually start with some disclosure type of question. FIS used to provide obviously both for IFS and GFS sort of the underlying multiple lines subsegment information. Worldpay used to also provide segments underneath. What should investors expect going forward as you think about that next level underlying information as well as if you can provide sort of the timing of when some of the historical information so we can do proper analysis? Any color on that would be great.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, Ashwin thanks. I think the team did a great job in pulling the pro forma combined historical information. If you look at the data in the earnings release today, you can see it all the way back by quarter back to Q1 2018, which I think can help you with there. We're going to continue to have new segments around merchant, banking and capital markets. That will be the external disclosure, if you will.We'll continue to provide some color in the commentary around technology solutions, the Merchant Solutions and what's going on both globally and domestically within banking. But probably we won’t externally disclose at that level of granular detail, but we'll continue to provide transparent information to the market on our results and what's driving those results.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Got it. Thank you for that. And then with regards to -- obviously there is a market expectation that's based on your track record that you will exceed sort of the synergy number. You started off well here with increased confidence on one side and also increasing synergies on the other. I wanted to kind of get a little bit deeper into that sort of what's changed between the last time, you were speaking publicly and now with regards to bringing up the synergy -- the near-term synergy expectation and why would that not explicitly bring up the longer term as well.
Gary Norcross: Well, why don't I start Ashwin, and I'll let Woody chime in. I mean honestly when you look at the operating synergies, the team just did an outstanding job refinancing Worldpay's debt, I mean really generating over $100 million of savings there. So that's where obviously we needed to increase our $400 million target on that number going forward.Obviously we got very high confidence in the operating synergies. As you know, we've historically exceeded those -- exceeded our synergy expectations by more than 30%.As you look at our revenue side, we're increasing the rate at which our revenue is on-boarding. We've now extended beyond $500 million. I think, we've just to my points earlier, really are getting clearer line of sight of, how those revenues are going to come on board.So, Woody talked about it, but I can't trivialize how hard the teams had worked between signing and close. If you look at all of the prepared information you do a combined call like this, is not nothing short of amazing.But also, all of the business owners have really been doing deep dives, week in and week out, building those plans around, where we're going to tackle the expense side, and the revenue side. So that's all. Well that's really what's been the big change, since our last public conversation about those topics.So high confidence on the $500 million, we see that revenue coming in earlier than what we originally expected, which is great. That will actually smooth that curve out some, over the next three years.When you look at the operating expense, frankly we want to make sure that everybody saw the interest savings that we did here. And stay committed to the original guide on our OpEx. So that's when we raised that overall expense savings number.But we're very pleased, at where we are at this point in time. The cultures of the companies have come together very well. I commented the landing of the leadership team from Worldpay, in key positions and FIS was very important to me personally. So, all of that just gives us a lot of confidence, as we go in to the back half of the year, and into 2020.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And one quick thing, if I could squeeze it in, is the -- just to be clear the, $100 million incremental, on the interest side, is that all going to the bottom-line or are you going or reinvest a piece of it to get better growth, or I mean how should we think of that?
Woody Woodall: That interest savings will go dollar for dollar to the bottom-line. It will start August 1.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Thank you, guys. This is great.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Ashwin.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in queue comes from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Perlin: Thanks guys and congratulations again on everything you guys have accomplished thus far.
Woody Woodall: Thanks Dan. Appreciate it.
Dan Perlin: You bet. I just wanted to get a sense kind of the macro backdrop has been evolving pretty quickly here. And there is a fair amount of exposure in terms of cross-border e-commerce opportunities that you guys have.But it also can be somewhat of a risk in these kinds of environment. And so I was just curious, what you're hearing from your clients. What if anything are you seeing kind of in near-term? Obviously your guidance suggests that things are going be okay, but I'd love to get any kind of incremental color on that. Thanks.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. You know, Dan, it’s early. I've been -- as you would expect, I've already met with several of the largest Worldpay clients since close. So we've been really busy and engaged with that, in those areas. Frankly, not seeing any concerns at this point in time. Frankly, when we look at the trends, they are very consistent across the board. We've modeled, continued slowing in the U.K. due to Brexit. Obviously, we're not expecting any turnaround there. But our e-commerce volumes seem like they're performing well. Our same-store sales are growing well. And so, all of those things would indicate, we're pretty pleased with what we're seeing. And that we feel very confident in the forecast.
Dan Perlin: Great. Can you – Woody, maybe can you just help us a little bit on the third and fourth quarters kind of organic growth assumptions? I think you said you thought for the year you'd land at 6%, if I heard you correctly. I'm just trying to think about how that trends since we got a little bit of kind of a stub in terms of the third quarter and then rolling into the fourth quarter? Thank you.
Woody Woodall: That's right. I'll start with the fourth quarter first. It's about a 6% organic grower in the fourth quarter as you get all three months of Worldpay and get a more consistent point of view on the numbers flowing through. Third quarter is a little lower than that. Really you're getting two months instead of three months of Worldpay's higher growth as a contribution there. We've got a difficult comp from last year. That was our high watermark last year in terms of growth with the third quarter. And we got a little bit of accounting conformity in both the third and the fourth quarter, but impact in Q3 a little heavier. So that's what you're looking at there. Yes, you pull all that that, you're looking at more like a 5% grower in Q3 really driven by some of those points I just mentioned.
Dan Perlin: Okay. And then if I could sneak one more in Worldpay's EBITDA margins were kind of off the charts strong. I just want to make sure, is that just the synergy attainment in terms of the closing the U.S. platform or was there something one-time in nature? Thank you.
Woody Woodall: No. Not one-time. Very strong synergy attainment. They looked to $50 million in quarter still on track for the $250 million for the full year and drove it just like we thought we would.
Gary Norcross: Yes, Dan. Also they are completely done with the U.S. consolidation movement which is really positive. So just as we thought and we talked about in the announcement day, we felt very confident that normally, the NAP program over in the UK was going very well. We also felt very confident in the U.S. and that U.S. platform has been consolidated now so that's behind us.
Dan Perlin: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in queue comes from Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thanks, and thanks guys. Good morning.
Gary Norcross: Good morning.
Lisa Ellis: Gary, could you comment on -- from your perspective what aspect of the merger is going to be the most challenging and sort of where are you spending your personal time focused?
Gary Norcross: Well, right now, I'm not seeing -- I mean, it's a great question, Lisa. Right now, I'm not seeing any red flags. But with that being said where I always spend most of my time in these very early days post close is with employees and clients. You know, I've already been out on day of close I met with two of the largest clients in Worldpay's portfolio. Right after this call, I'm on my way to London. We've already been in front of -- on a global town hall our employees because you want to make sure that everybody stays focused on our commitments and that's something that hit very strong, focus on our clients make sure that we meet the expectations in the market.And then frankly focus on sales. We just don't want anybody to get distracted. So early on I’m focused there. I also spent a lot of time making sure that the cultures blend together. I'll talk about that in a minute -- earlier on the earlier call. You know these cultures are very aligned which is great. But we will find subtle differences and it's important to get those identified and get those perceived barriers or cultural barriers eliminated so everybody can come together as a team.Landing the leadership team as I talked about was very important. So I feel great that we were able to do that between signing and close. So we've brought a lot of talent into FIS because of that. But right now in the early days that's where I'm focused. Obviously that will shift very quickly to -- we are pivoting the growth here and so we're going to have to shift very quickly in the next few weeks and really start focusing on go-to-market prospects and I'll make sure that I'm getting engaged there as well. But Marc's doing of excellent job. He's been with Worldpay for years. He really understands the business, and obviously he's hitting the ground running, so -- but that's really where I'm focused on right now.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. And then my follow-up, the global expansion revenue synergy is one of the critical ones over the longer term and in the out years. Could you just describe what sort of actions you are taking over the next 18 months to make sure you're on track to begin generating that synergy revenue out in 2021? Like sort of how will we know it's progressing and is on track? Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Well, you're going to see it through the revenue growth line. Obviously you're going to see our organic growth rate accelerate as we talked about to approximately 7% next year. You're going to see it move beyond that to 8% and 9% in the years out.What we're doing and we've already been doing it, we've got our teams together. Our banking teams and our capital markets teams, sales teams and go-to-market teams together with our Worldpay teams, we've got -- in certain markets where we have huge presence whether it's India, whether it's Brazil or whether it's Australia we're getting those teams together.One of the things that's different about us is we're really a global company, but we have a local presence, which is very important, and us being able to leverage that local presence to make those introductions and accelerate change business for e-com penetration in those markets is going to be very important. So, we are well down the path of those conversations today.Obviously, we're also doing steps to augment the product. We want to increase those authorization rates. We want to decrease those fraud rates. Really, we're already separate and apart with regards to e-commerce when you think about where the authorization rates are today. But how do we raise that 200 basis points, 300 basis points and really further distance us.So, those two things will really help us accelerate into those new markets and we're pretty excited about it. I think we'll have some really good traction. While we said that's going to be later in the process, I think we'll have some -- we have potentially some good early wins here in the next 12 to 18 months.
Lisa Ellis: Okay. And then maybe one last one, that's not related to the merger. I know you've highlighted for core FIS that faster payments and faster ACH is an important growth area for you. Can you just quickly comment on how announcements like the Fed announcement or Fed now and then this morning's announcement from MasterCard of buying next account-to-account business, how those types of changes in the market impact you?
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Well, I think it's a great question. I saw the Nets announcement today. It looks like a good acquisition by MasterCard. A lot of people are focused on where faster payments is going, how money movement's going to occur. We talk about it a lot. It's been a huge area of focus for us. We actually got into real-time payments now a little over four years ago with our clear to pay acquisition. That's gone very well. We're now in more than 20 countries running their real-time payment platforms today form on an FIS software.When you look at what the Fed announced, it didn't surprise me. It's logical that the Fed would also look to accelerate what they're doing in real-time payments. What I would tell you is all those things create opportunities for FIS. So, as money moves across the various channels, what's important to us is to make sure that we have the full breadth of capability to capture those payments as they move across various verticals.So, as real-time payments accelerate, we're very well-positioned to capture that volume. As e-commerce accelerates, we're very well-positioned to capture those volumes. So, we talked a lot about the breadth on a global basis, across merchant, across banking, across capital markets.The other thing we have to realize is there is, a breadth across our asset portfolio that really allows us to not be disintermediated as these new technologies roll on.So, all of these announcements or just will long-term be positive. Thanks for FIS, as more and more money moves to various channels, so we can absolutely capture that and drive our revenue stream.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thank you and congrats again and I am look forward to updating you guys. Thanks.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg: Great. Good morning, guys. How are you?
Gary Norcross: Doing great Jason.
Jason Kupferberg: Terrific. So, I just wanted to see if we can go a little deeper on the commentary around the deal now, becoming accretive in 2020. Can you just clarify? Do you mean that on a full year basis it will be accretive, or that exiting 2020 it will be accretive?
Gary Norcross: So we think it's accretive on a full year basis, in 2020. And really to kind of get your base, we use some assumptions and projections that are disclosing our joint merger proxy, that show what our expectations were on a stand-alone FIS basis. That's a $6.16 number for 2020, so that's kind of the market we are talking about.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. That's very helpful. And, I was just curious on the OpEx side of things. I know at this juncture, obviously the deal just closed. So you're still sticking with that $400 million target, excluding the interest expense savings.But hypothetically, if you do ultimately deliver upside potential on that $400 million, would you expect that to be more on the operational side, technology, the corporate alignment piece?
Gary Norcross: You know it's too early, Jason to really talk about that at this point in time. I think Woody gave some insight, into how we see the $400 million spreading. As we dig into these situations, we're very confident on the $400 million.We think -- at FIS we're looking across the full enterprise to make sure that we're taking advantage. And getting the maximum leverage we have out of these combinations without damaging the business.Obviously, we want the -- we've said, this a number of times, this is about pivoting to growth, accelerating our growth, in the upper-single digits and hopefully higher in the long-term.So, but we feel very good that a lot of those synergies will come out on the technology and business side. But also the corporate side of FIS. But as we build into more of that, it's early.One of the things that we've always taken great pride in is being very transparent, on where we are on synergies, throughout the process. So, as we get, several quarters into this, we'll start giving more insight into where the majority of the synergies, we see are coming from or where we might see upside in any of those three areas.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. That's helpful. And just last one for me. I know on the Worldpay side tech solutions, was really quite strong again at 19% on an adjusted basis. I was just curious, what kind of trajectory you're assuming for the second half of the year on that metric.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. We've been thinking about technology solutions in line with mid to high-teens growth rate, that's been outlined for a number of quarters.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay.
Woody Woodall: It's executing very well. And our expectations, is really to continue to execute in line with what's been described in the market.
Gary Norcross: And if you look, and look that, Shane and his team had another great quarter of cross-sells. We talked about in the prepared remarks. I mean that really gives us strong confidence that he's going to continue, he and his team are going to continue to execute. And based on what we're seeing in volumes and everything there is just -- there's no indication that it should come off that guide.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. I appreciate the comments. Nice job.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in queue comes from Brett Huff with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff: Hey, Gary and Woody congrats again on getting this deal done.
Woody Woodall: Hey, Brett. Thank you.
Brett Huff: Two questions. One unrelated to the merger. I've been focused on the modularization, the rewriting of your guide this quarter that you've been doing where you kind of rewrite a back office thing and then kind of spread it out. Where are we in that process? Are we still early innings or -- and then also kind of related to that what's the uptake on those -- on that particular program right now?
Gary Norcross: I appreciate the question, Brett. As you know when we announced that that was a very long-term project -- program build. It is going very well. I would say we're in mid innings to late innings. So we continue to -- the response has been terrific in market. We've actually made some announcements of key wins with some really early- stage innovators. We have now one in production on that platform. The product continues to be being built out on a modular basis. Obviously, we're doing it in a very agile nimble way launching from the ground up in the cloud. We're going to have some really nice announcements on that platform in the coming quarters. And we feel very good about that program.
Brett Huff: Great. And then second one related to the deal. One of the great, sort of, things you guys have done over the years with the deals you've done as you’ve taken on the data center consolidation kind of behemoth several times.
Gary Norcross: Yeah.
Brett Huff: And I know that this one started, I think, three years ago. How -- tell us how this gives you insight into getting the cost synergies with Worldpay? I'm assuming it's getting rolled in. And then what potential pitfalls do we have kind of joining the Worldpay data center project which I assume is going to start soon with the one that's ongoing? Is there any kind of -- how do we manage that risk? Thanks.
Gary Norcross: Well -- it's a great question, Brett. I'd tell you -- Ido Gileadi, our Global CIO and his team have just done a phenomenal job with data center consolidation. We have over 80% of our digital applications now in the private cloud. We've launched -- we've announced publicly to our clients availability of less -- guaranteed of less than 15 minutes now which the industry is at 24 in some instances 48 hours. So it's really, really going well. And so naturally as we put these two technology groups together that comes under common ownership within FIS, and naturally those data centers will become part of the overall consolidation plan in the future.So we feel very confident. We've got a great team geared up. We're well -- we're three years into this program. You're seeing the benefits drop to our bottom-line. And we'll just keep the team now churning as we bring these groups together. So we have very high confidence on execution. We have very high confidence in taking advantage of the next-generation technologies and it will be a key contributor to our synergy saves.
Brett Huff: Thanks, guys.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from George Mihalos with Cowen. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos: Hey, good morning, guys. And let me add my congrats on getting the deal done.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, George.
George Mihalos: I wanted to go back to the tech solution segment within Worldpay, which again as -- Jason said was very, very strong. Can you talk a little bit about the trends? It sounds like there's a lot of momentum continuing on the e-com side. But maybe what you're also seeing on the integrated payment side? And then, as it relates to e-com, some of the changes that are happening, FCA in Europe coming on at some point at least over the next couple of months. Is that really more of an opportunity for FIS, or are you concerned there could be some disruption there?
Gary Norcross: Well, let me first start with the integrated side. Honestly, it still continues to be strong. We continued to win new business. We actually think there is increased opportunity with the combination just given our size and sales scale and reach. So we're very excited about integrated and how that business performs. We've talked a number of times on the call. Shane's really very strong on the overall e-commerce site.So we don't see any issues. Frankly, as you talked about changes, typically changes are -- is the benefactor, so I mean it's the same way Worldpay as we talked. What's interesting about the business is, when we see any kind of regulatory change or any kind of change whatsoever, we typically see that converting to a tailwind for FIS. And so, we are confident that our growth rates are going to continue to be strong.
Woody Woodall: We saw a really good growth in both components there, with e-commerce probably a little higher than the 19% that we saw, and IP a little lower blending to the 19%. But that was in line with expectations and where things are going. If you look at some of the regulatory changes that are coming on board, we think some of our low fraud rates can actually drive the exemptions and drive some wallet share opportunity in some of those areas to reduce friction with that deal authentication that's coming down the line.
George Mihalos: That's great color. Thanks for that. And just a quick follow-up shifting gears a little bit to capital markets so that returned to growth as you expected. I think Woody you laid out kind of long-term low single-digit growth. Should we expect that over the back half of 2019, that growth to accelerate a little bit from 3% given the somewhat easier comparisons over the second half? Thank you.
Woody Woodall: That's exactly right. We're seeing some accelerated growth. Some of that is just good execution by Martin and the team, but we also are facing a little easier comps in the back half of 2019 within capital markets. You're exactly right.
Gary Norcross: Sales continues to be strong in that area, George. I mean when you look at the historical backlogs and you look at what backlogs are today and you look at the execution, we’ll continue to go through a little bit of volatility noise just on that movement from license on premise to outsourcing, and we'll continue to see that. But honestly, from an execution standpoint, our ability to take share, the teams are delivering very nicely against those sales. So, we feel good about that business going forward.
George Mihalos: Congrats again.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in queue comes from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Hey, thanks, guys.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Darrin.
Woody Woodall: Hey, there.
Darrin Peller: Hey. Listen, when we look at the FIS trends standalone and we look at where they're trending now 5% this quarter, even last year 4% adjusting for one-time items. And we compare that to the prior year -- I know you guys said you would expect it to be 5% this year. But just what exactly is different? Can you specifically point to what products are growing more quickly? What is it the end market that's better? I'd be curious to hear what changed so substantially that and why that's sustainable. It's great to see. Just curious more color on that -- go ahead.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think two things Darrin. What's really changed is, honestly, if you look we are well-positioned in the larger financial institutions around the world, right? So whether you look at the mid-tier or large financial institutions, FIS is well positioned. If you look at that client base specifically, they really have held onto their technology investment way too long.Look at SunTrust and BB&T coming together, all about scale to drive innovation. So, you're just seeing in that secular market, an increase spend rate around technologies. And they're focusing on a number of different things.They're focusing on, digital enablement, of their capabilities, where they're really trying to go to next-generation, omnichannel capabilities. Obviously, we're a leader in that space, with our Digital One application.If you look at some of the things that Brett talked about -- asked about or Stevens, whether you're even looking at globalizations. And how to move my legacy technology from some of these applications, that have been in place for 30 or 40 years. How that really move on to a next-generation cloud-based platform.All of these things are just driving an increased spend rate. And when you look at six quarters in of really strong sales, it just gives us high confidence that's going to continue. We got a number of significant opportunities and fly high clients, very full teams who really engaged.And so I think, timing is just really working in favor of FIS, giving where we're position in market, giving the type of clients we have also giving where we've made investments. We started these investments on cloud-based technologies, 4-plus years ago.We started these investments on next generation applications, four years ago. And all of that's really accelerated to our benefit as our customers look to modernize and transform themselves.
Darrin Peller: Okay. All right, that's helpful. And then, guys I mean with regards to the Ecom side, again there was 19% growth in overall. Did you already have the benefit of any of the revenue from the cross-sales, between them and Worldpay.When you list off incremental 14 or so this quarter, there were some that started last year. I think the second half, is where we're hoping for the revenue for some of those to really start to come on.Is that still on target? And should that help with the growth rate of the e-com and overall tech solutions in the second half?
Woody Woodall: Yeah I think, what we actually described is more of that revenue benefiting 2020, from a growth perspective. Year-over-year, we're certainly seeing the cross-sell right now. And we are excited about it. But more of that revenue growth is in 2020, as those convert.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Keep in mind Darrin. I mean as you think about, new sales across e-commerce, very similar to the FIS business in banking. Can be a long sales cycle, but it also can be a fairly lengthy implementation cycle, right. You've got to integrate the software, into the e-commerce environment. They're going to actually slowly start moving volume over. So the ramp really you start seeing in 2020. But…
Darrin Peller: Okay.
Gary Norcross: As Woody shared it earlier, we still feel very confident about the back half year. And what we're seeing in those current growth rates. So really sales as we talk about in these quarters, are really indicative of what, what, what it's going to look like, you know three and four quarters out.
Darrin Peller: All right. Just last quick on those low hanging fruit revenue synergies, around the nice network, co-production those deals should be coming on a plant?
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Now we talked about it. We really think, that we're going to start seeing some revenue benefit here very early in the process. And so, that gives us high confidence as we guide in 2020 that really start pushing forward 7%. And we've got really good line of sight into those some of those topics we've discussed on prior calls into that.
Darrin Peller: Very good. Thanks guys.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We do have time for one more question that will come from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi. Thanks for taking my question – squeezing me in here. I actually wanted to follow-up on Darrin's last question about the near-term synergies where you mentioned in addition to some of the network optimization -- you mentioned optimizing loyalty, fraud and enhancing Worldpay's issuer business. I'm trying to just get a little more granularity about that. But I thought maybe optimizing loyalty might have to do with your with pay with points program. But it seems like that might've been a little later on in the planning in terms of revenue synergy realizations. So if you could just give us a little more color what exactly is optimizing loyalty fraud and enhancing Worldpay digital business I'd be grateful.
Woody Woodall: Yes. On the loyalty side I think you are going to see that in the short-term and in the longer-term as well as we take that capability and push it through the existing distribution channel.
Ramsey El-Assal: That’s right.
Woody Woodall: That was already growing for FIS on a stand-alone basis so that will continue. We can accelerate that with Worldpay's distribution. And in longer-term we can build it into the e-commerce platform and drive incremental differentiation there. So that's the biggest component there. On the fraud side, it's really more incremental we have more data sets to work through -- more data sets to drive through our processes. Those are the two biggest components from additional color standpoint. We will see some level of revenue synergy more in fourth quarter starting to come online, but it's pretty minimal in terms of its end-year contribution for 2019 more of that coming in 2020.
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay. And then -- and lastly for me, can you give us some indication? You spoke a bit about that the evolution in the marketplace of kind of faster payments and how you're well-positioned on a lot of different axis to benefit from that. Can you just speak to any capabilities that the merger will unlock in terms of potential honest alternative path -- routing paths to go from merchant to bank, or is that something that's in your road map, or any color there would be helpful too?
Woody Woodall: Yes. No, Ramsay. We think there could be a real opportunity there. Obviously, when you start talking about long-term combination of the company and some opportunities that might exist that's one of them that we're looking at, but we're not really prepared to talk about that today.
Ramsey El-Assal: Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I will turn the conference back over to our presenters for any closing comments.
Gary Norcross: Thanks for joining us today. We are thrilled with this combination. Worldpay is a respected global brand with a best-in-class executive team and over 8,000 talented employees. They have a loyal and extensive client base and partner network who represent some of the most successful businesses in the industry.This combined with our profitable and very predictable financial institution business, banking and capital markets all aimed at the heart of commerce and the financial and transactions that power the world's digital economy makes us a powerful combination. We are grateful to all our loyal clients who depend on us to keep their businesses running and growing every day.Finally, I am personally thankful for our now 55,000 leaders and employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. FIS is dedicated to advancing the way the world pays banks and invests. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead.
Peter Gunnlaugsson: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FIS' First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Turning to Slide 2. Gary Norcross, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, will begin today's call with company highlights for the quarter; woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results for the quarter. This conference call is also being webcasted with today's news release and corresponding presentation available on our website at fisglobal.com. Turning to Slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language. Turning to Slide 4. We will also be providing information with regards to our recent Worldpay announcement. As such, participants in the solicitation should also refer to additional information provided regarding regulatory filings with the SEC and how to easily obtain copies of these filings moving forward. Please note that our update today is neither an offering of securities nor a solicitation of a proxy vote. Information discussed today is qualified in its entirety by the registration statement and joint proxy statement that FIS and Worldpay has filed with the SEC. With that, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Gary to discuss first quarter's results. Gary?
Gary Norcross: Thank you, Pete. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. I am very pleased to announce that FIS' growth story continues. We delivered exceptionally strong results to start the year, exceeding our revenue, earnings and profitability expectations for the first quarter. Turning to Slide 6. Our consolidated revenue growth of more than 5% was driven by a record year of sales in 2018 and continued strong sales and volumes throughout Q1. Our margins expanded significantly as a result of continued execution of our data center consolidation, operating growth and the positive impact of noncore divestitures. And we also announced our transformative deal to acquire Worldpay, which further drives growth in attractive faster-growing markets. Clients' spending demand for our portfolio remains especially strong, particularly for our new and modernized solutions. These factors drove another solid quarter for FIS. We saw very strong growth in new sales, which increased more than 30% on a total contract value compared to the prior year period. These factors are accelerating the overall growth and quality of our pipeline and we remain on track to exceed our sales plan for the year. These early results, combined with our robust backlog, create very positive momentum and gives us solid confidence in achieving our full year expectations. Given this strong start, we raised our revenue guidance for the year. Turning to Slide 7. FIS remains on the forefront of leadership by investing over 7% of the total revenue into modernizing our solutions and infrastructure to advance our clients' future. We have capitalized on our leadership position, bringing to market digitally-driven, open and cloud-based solutions that enable our clients to more efficiently run their operations, connect with their customers and grow their businesses. Industry analyst group, IDC, recently named FIS as a North American leader in omnichannel and digital banking solutions in 2 industry-wide rankings, underscoring the impact of these innovation-focused investments. Additionally, our API gateway Code Connect was also named as the most advanced API strategy among U.S. core banking providers by industry analyst, Aite Group. This recognition is proof of the solid progress towards executing on our strategy to deliver the most modern solutions in the industry, accelerate our data center consolidation and cloud strategy, and continually drive increased efficiency within our organization. Turning to Slide 8. Additionally, to lead the future of finance and commerce, we are also very pleased with our recent strategic announcement to acquire Worldpay. As we discussed with you last month, this transaction is a continuation of our historically successful M&A strategy to accelerate growth, while continuing to optimize margins and leverage synergies through effective integration. This combination will provide significant revenue synergy opportunities of $500 million over three years. As a reminder, the new revenue opportunities for the combined organization include expanded global offerings for merchants with innovative e-commerce solutions; deeper and broader solutions for financial institutions, such as fraud tools, payment processing and a global merchant referral network; and enhanced and innovative payment solutions creating a faster payments community for high-volume retail and high-value commercial payments. These are just a few of immediate opportunities to drive new revenue streams which will accelerate our growth profile and organic growth trajectory. On day 1 as a combined company, we will have over $12 billion of revenue, growing organically approximately 6%. I am pleased to share that we have received early termination of the Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period from the Department of Justice on the Worldpay transaction. This early termination and progress in our other regulatory filings gives us strong confidence in our ability to close this transaction in Q3 of this year. We have begun planning to meet our postclosing synergy goals. Culturally, our 2 organizations are well aligned and we are making good early progress in defining our go-forward organizational structure. Until closing, we will continue to operate as separate companies, and we will keep you informed as we move towards close. Turning to Slide 9 for key themes. Focusing now on our segments. Our Integrated Financial Solutions segment delivered exceptional organic revenue growth of 7% and margin expansion of 160 basis points. Following strong growth results in Q4, revenue growth for this segment continues to exceed expectations as we'll accelerate year-over-year. This outstanding growth was underpinned by onboarding of new clients resulting from the strong sales throughout 2018. We also saw increased transaction and processing volumes as our clients continue to perform very well. Our multiyear investments in digital innovation continue to be a strong opportunity driver for us as clients of all sizes are looking to more meaningfully engage with customers and build new revenue streams for digital channels. For example, a national cooperative bank with more than $125 billion in assets selected our Digital One solution to bring more personalized, consistent and efficient digital banking capabilities to its small business customers in the U.S. In addition, a $20 billion U.S. community institution, who is upgrading to our modern FIS core platform, will leverage Digital One to enable omnichannel sales and service capabilities within its branches and self-service digital channels. This multiyear agreement is a key success factor in the bank strategy to transform and modernize its banking environment and services. Our IFS payments division also drove very strong growth again this quarter. This growth was underpinned by the combination of new client logos, coupled with strong transaction and processing volumes. We are also seeing exceptionally strong demand in adoption for our loyalty solutions. For example, we are successfully expanding our loyalty-as-a-currency offering into new consumer-based markets, including retail and restaurants. As noted last quarter, our innovative mass enablement strategy is bringing new capabilities to our clients through our one-to-many deployment model. Our robust Q1 results and strong pipeline give us confidence this will continue to be a strong growth driver for IFS. In summary, the spend environment and our IFS segment remains healthy. We are successfully capitalizing on new opportunities which are expanding and strengthening our already robust business. Our Global Financial Solutions segment results in Q1 exceeded plan due to very strong sales, delivering organic revenue growth of more than 2% and margin expansion of nearly 300 basis points. These sales results will translate to accelerated reoccurring revenue growth for the remainder of the year and into 2020. Revenue growth for our GFS banking and payments division grew almost 10% organically. Much of this growth was driven by increased transaction and processing volumes from new logos and expanded relationships with current clients. For example, a European subsidiary of a global financial services powerhouse expanded its relationship with us by selecting FIS as its multiyear payment processing and loan origination partner to support its geographic expansion. We also expanded our long-term relationship with a global card brand, accelerating our ability to support cross-border business-to-business payments. These wins underscore our ability to leverage our broad banking and payments portfolio with local market expertise to solve market-specific challenges. Our investments in risk and compliance solutions continue to drive new meaningful revenue opportunities. We are seeing good demand to help organizations more easily comply with the new consolidated audit trail industry requirement to track orders throughout their life cycle for reporting of U.S. equities and options. As a result of that demand, we expanded our relationship with three large global financial services providers during the quarter by entering into new agreements for our Prodigit solution. We are very pleased with our pipeline strength and growth trajectory of our GFS business. Like the IFS environment, investment spend within the GFS markets remains healthy. We are confident in our ability to turn opportunities into closed wins at an accelerated pace. We recently hosted more than 3,000 attendees at the first of our 3 large product conferences. The drive to modernize, realize efficiency gains and grow revenue were prevalent themes for many clients. This venue provided the platform for our clients to learn more about the solutions that are designed to help them achieve these objectives using modern technologies and capabilities. Based on this transformation to modern technologies, we announced we are lowering our service-level agreements for business recovery times to less than 15 minutes for our digital applications in North America, driving significant benefit to thousands of our clients. Where most providers are committing to hours not minutes, we believe this is a bold offer and first of its kind in the industry, but not the last of its kind from FIS. Feedback from our clients throughout the event was overwhelmingly positive and early results of the conference show strong continued demand. Turning to Slide 10. This feedback, coupled with our strong first quarter results and robust pipeline, underscores our confidence in our strategy and in our investment decisions. It also gives us clear line of sight into our ability to deliver our 2019 goals and beyond, which are to innovate for long-term growth, drive strong sales with competitively differentiated solutions and build on our global scale. We remain very confident in the value we are delivering for our clients and believe that will continue to translate into strong returns for our shareholders. Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter and full year. Woody?
James Woodall: Thanks, Gary. Turning to Slide 12. In the first quarter, revenue increased 5.1% on an organic basis and EBITDA increased 3.4% compared to the prior year period. EBITDA margin expanded 130 basis points to 35.4%, and adjusted earnings per share grew 9.3% to $1.64 per share. This quarter was a strong start to the year and exceeded our expectations for top line growth, margin expansion and earnings. Moving to Slide 13. IFS revenue increased 7.3% on an organic basis and EBITDA grew 10.4% with 160 basis points of margin expansion. As Gary mentioned, the strong sales execution we have highlighted the last few quarters is resulting in accelerated revenue growth. Turning to Slide 14. Banking and wealth grew 7.2% for the quarter. Growth was driven primarily by another strong quarter for our wealth management business. Payments continues to see strong growth with 9.7% in the quarter. This was driven primarily by increased transaction processing volumes. Additionally, our loyalty-as-a-currency solution continues to see strong adoption and grew nearly 30% year-over-year. Corporate and digital grew 4% in the quarter, with new sales wins for our small business and integrated payable solutions. Turning to Slide 15. GFS revenue grew 2.4% organically, while EBITDA grew 1.4% compared to the prior year period. For the quarter, this represents 290 basis points of margin expansion to 35.8%. Moving to Slide 16. The institutional and wholesale group declined 3%, driven by a previously mentioned difficult license comparable. These results were better than expectations and sales were strong in the quarter with the team exceeding their plan. Recurring revenue sales increased about 40%, outpacing nonrecurring deals, and the teams continue to execute well. We anticipate this group to turn positive next quarter with continuing momentum for the remainder of the year. Banking and payments grew 9.6% for the quarter. These results were driven primarily by license revenue in Brazil and continuing strong demand for our digital solutions in our large financial institution market. Moving to Slide 17. Our Corporate and Other segment grew 4.1% organically with an EBITDA loss of $79 million. Corporate expenses for the quarter exceeded our plan by approximately $10 million due to higher accruals related to incentive compensation driven by our operating results and health care benefits. Moving to Slide 18. Free cash flow was about $250 million for the quarter, a 10% increase over the prior year period. Debt outstanding as of March 31 was $9.2 billion with an effective weighted average interest rate of 3.3%. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 19%, in line with the expectations for the quarter and full year. We returned over $500 million to shareholders in the first quarter through the repurchase of 3.9 million shares for approximately $400 million and $113 million in dividends. As a reminder, we have suspended our share repurchase program in conjunction with the Worldpay transaction. Turning to Slide 19. I'd like to add some color regarding the synergy estimates we communicated in our recent Worldpay announcement. In the first 12 to 18 months post close, we expect to drive around $100 million of revenue synergies. These opportunities will leverage complementary solutions that are in the market today with very little limited sales effort generally required. Over an 18- to 36-month period, we plan to deliver on the remaining $400 million of revenue synergies. Items in these category are also in market today, but we will have to have an interaction with the client to discuss the value proposition, convert a portfolio or complete a sale. Of the $400 million expense synergies identified during due diligence, we expect approximately $200 million to come from operational efficiencies, including vendor and facilities rationalization; another $100 million should come from technology savings, primarily driven by incremental data center consolidation and related costs over and above what we have committed to on a stand-alone basis; and finally, we anticipate about $100 million to be achieved through functional corporate alignment. As we shared on the morning announcement, both companies have a very strong track record on delivering and exceeding synergies. As Gary mentioned, we now expect the transaction to close in Q3. We are looking at a potential debt issuance as early as May. We'll be looking to both the European and U.S. debt capital markets as we prepare to finance the transaction. Turning to Slide 20. Today, we are increasing the low end of our revenue guidance to 4%. Last year, we began highlighting the strong market demand for our solutions and the investments we have been making in modernization and innovation. These efforts and investments have been translating into increased sales and are now translating into accelerating revenue growth. We are reiterating our adjusted earnings per share guidance. Our strong operating performance for the quarter and expectations for continued strength for the remainder of the year is being offset by the suspension of our share repurchase program. Turning to Slide 21. This was a very successful start to the year for FIS. In addition to announcing a transformational M&A deal, our teams remain highly focused on delivering for our clients and driving operating results. We will continue to leverage our market leadership to produce accelerating top line growth, exceptional margin expansion and robust cash flow. These strengths allow us to invest for future growth and return value to shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of David Togut from Evercore ISI.
David Togut: And good to see the acceleration in organic revenue growth.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, David.
David Togut: This looks to be your strongest organic revenue growth for FIS as a whole since the fourth quarter of '16; and for IFS, the highest growth since the second quarter of '16. So my question really is the sustainability of this higher organic revenue growth rate. Clearly, you're lifting the guide for the year. But when you look at the underlying drivers: banking, payments, do you have conviction that they can remain this strong for the next year or two?
Gary Norcross: Yes. I think, David, we've been indicating that our sales are continuing to ramp up. You see this quarter, once again, 30% growth year-over-year on total contract value. So the sales engines are working very well. The market demand seems to be high for the products and services that we've been investing in over the last several years. And we think, as you know, it's a long sales cycle and then it's a long onboarding cycle. But we do think that projection to the future, very nice, strong, continued organic growth for FIS and for our existing businesses. So we feel good about where we are. We've had a great year last year in sales across multiple quarters, and that's led into Q1 as well. We've been signaling that on every call.
James Woodall: Yes, David. If you think about us coming out of the first quarter and raising revenue guidance, typically, a little more conservative as one quarter doesn't normally make a year, so this should give you some color into the confidence level of our view on revenue for the year and the continued acceleration.
David Togut: Understood. And then what feedback have you received from your regional bank customers with respect to their demand for cross-selling of Worldpay's merchant-acquiring services into their core corporate customer base?
Gary Norcross: The response from our client base has been outstanding on the Worldpay combination. It was -- it's clear they see it as very complementary to FIS. They see the opportunity for us to innovate and extend and help them address unique ways to address the ever-changing payments landscape. Obviously, as we move forward to close, we'll be putting our -- getting our sales teams together in going to market as a combined company. But I would tell you, the early feedback from all of our clients has been enormously supportive. They see it as a very strategic combination. They see it as a great company and so they're excited about what this is going to -- how is this going help them compete in the future.
David Togut: Congrats again on the strong results.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird.
David Koning: Guys, great job.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Dave.
David Koning: Yes. And I guess, first of all, a little bit similar to David's question to just on the sustainability, was there anything in Q1 -- in GFS specifically, you called out the Brazil license that, I don't know, maybe that was unsustainable. But the I&W revenue actually gets better the rest of the year. So just when we think about maybe what was in there that might not be sustainable? And then as we think about the rest of the year, is this more a 4% to 5% grower the rest of the year?
James Woodall: Yes. I think a couple of things. We had a couple of items that came in earlier in the year than we anticipated. Those couple of items helped to consolidate growth by about a point for the quarter. So if you adjust that amount, it'd be about a 4% grower. Certainly, we're excited to get those closed out and locked down for the year, so we're not having to worry about them for the rest of the year. But you will certainly see GFS grow and accelerate their growth throughout the remainder of the year as we talk about comps getting easier. So we feel good about it. We feel good about raising the bottom end of the guidance and we want to continue to execute over the course of the year.
Gary Norcross: Yes. The sales team really did a great job in GFS this past quarter. When you look historically, we always have more in the forecast than what we expect that -- because obviously there's some always some slippage of transactions that incur between quarters. But really, the sales team stayed very focused and really closed pretty much everything that was scheduled to close in Q1 and it resulted in exceeding the plan and our expectations for the quarter. So they did a really good job as well, which, to Woody's point, gives us further confidence as we think about going into the remainder of the year with our revenue targets raised.
David Koning: Okay. Great. And a second question, I guess it's kind of a 2-part question. But sometimes, you give quarterly EPS just to give us a sense. So anything on that? And then also, did Brazil -- just the sales now that you've broken up the JV, anything interesting percolating there?
James Woodall: I'll touch base on the EPS. And really, the market consensus estimates for Q2 are very close to our expectations right now, I'll say that. So I think the models are in pretty good shape, and I'll let Gary kind of touch base on the sales in Brazil.
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, I think we continue to have good traction in Brazil. We got some good conversations. It's early. We're still sorting out the Brazil JV as we get that separated, there's some transition agreements that we're working on. But we're still bullish on the opportunities in Brazil. And with the Worldpay combination, we think that'll just further accelerate. So there'll be more coming on than that, Dave, but Brazil is a great market for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: Nice job, guys. Let me just start off with -- when we look at this quarter's growth and then we go back to the pro forma targets you guys gave for the deal, you talked about revenue growth being 6% plus and then going all the way up to 8% plus as the year has progressed. Was this kind of acceleration what gave you so much confidence? Because bridging -- I think investors were still having some questions on bridging up to the 8% to 9%. So are you -- did you see this the strong FIS stand-alone growth? Was that a factor in that higher 8% to 9% outlook for you guys?
James Woodall: Absolutely, Darrin. Probably is the missing piece of -- if you add models together as to what Worldpay's expectations were, what our expectations were and the timing around that, you probably had people that were missing 50 to 100 basis points of growth probably. That's primarily the reason for that delta. We're seeing accelerated growth on our side of the business.
Darrin Peller: All right. So that sounds like you do see it being relatively sustainable, which is great to hear. And then -- and just a quick question on the deal itself, the timing of the deal. It's good to see you guys are now shoring up the third quarter timing. I guess summer is what we should be banking now. And you mentioned a little more color on the revenue synergies I mean. But does it -- it sounds like you have more conviction in the timing and the types of synergies. Just can you give us a little more detail around the conversations in terms of what's giving you more context and color on the timing of the $100 million in year 1, and then perhaps any other conversations with clients over some opportunities even above and beyond the $500 million?
Gary Norcross: Well, yes, Darrin. I mean as we go through the regulatory approval process and the early release is an important milestone for us. We've able to -- we've been able now to start getting some of our groups together and really start building a bottoms-up plan, which gives us more confidence in, to Woody's point, shoring up some of the synergy timings and how they're going to flow. As you know, we've -- we take these combinations very seriously. Like a lot of people, we have a playbook that we like to implement and really work through the plans as we get the teams together. The cultural alignment has been very strong between the two companies, which is exciting to see. We both think about the markets in very similar ways. We think about clients and go to market in very similar ways. So it will just tell you all that collaboration and working together has allowed us to get more confidence around the synergy timings. And then we look forward, to your point, of closing in Q3 and then running as a combined company because we think there's just a lot of opportunities between our two companies when we put them together.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Huff from Stephens.
Brett Huff: Nice quarter.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Brett.
James Woodall: Thanks, Brett.
Brett Huff: First question is a little bit -- asked about this already. Some of the questions we've been getting from investors are can you give us a little more detail on how we get to the revenue synergies. You articulated that revenue acceleration for FIS standalone is part of that and you gave us a little bit more on timing, kind of breaking things up into the end market and easier to close in end market, but a little harder to close. Can you give us more detail on those last 2 buckets? Just give us examples of the some end market stuff and kind of the differences in those 2 buckets.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Well, I mean, I think Woody tried to cover some of that, Brett, in his prepared remarks. And as you know, we're operating as 2 separate companies today, so there's only so much that we can do with regards to revenue and really talking about how we'd go to market and some of those things. But we -- as we do talk across the operating units and we look across those opportunities, I think we're getting more and more comfortable that there are just some real opportunities where assets exist on either side of the company. So a Worldpay capability that we think could have strong applicability to push through, perhaps even through our mass enablement strategy, to the FIS client base and then vice versa. So those kind of fall in the easy bucket. We've pointed to some of the things around debit transaction volumes and how we think about perhaps routing those and some benefits. We talked about things around card personalization and we think there's some interesting opportunities there. Just Worldpay's ability to optimize our merchant portfolio. So as you think about it, there's just a number of things that either company has extensive capabilities in that we believe the broader client relationship and our ability to place those solutions across those broader products will help accelerate revenue for us in the short term. Then there's also a number of medium examples that we talked about and Woody highlighted in the script, where it will take some sales engagement, it will take some client interaction for people to really understand the value proposition. If you look at something as simple as loyalty as a currency, that's really a strong growth business for us and we don't have a lot of reach. I mean from a de novo launch, that now has a run rate of well over $30 million a year, which is not huge. But as you think about now deploying that across our more than 1 million merchants potential, we think there's a lot of opportunity there. And we're seeing a lot of adoption even with our limited exposure to merchants. So we think there's just opportunities like that as the company's combine that we're very confident there'll be a real revenue synergies. And this is not where we're going to go on building a capability on either side, these capabilities exist, it's just really about the extension in the global reach that's going to drive the acceleration. So all of those things just give us confidence as we look at where the growth is. Of course, we'll keep highlighting our accelerated growth, and we highlighted that all throughout last year. Quarter-on-quarter just very, very strong sales for us and execution. Q1 was another really strong sales quarter for both IFS and GFS. And so you'll continue to see the FIS base business accelerate. So all those give us confidence.
Brett Huff: Great. That's helpful. And then second question is interesting you highlighted your change to the SLAs, give us a little bit of background on that. I know that your data center strategy has been important both to the mass enablement, Digital One and things like that as even bigger banks start to consolidate more on your servers. What's the industry standard? Is that a shot across the bow against other competitors out there? Kind us give us the magnitude of how important that might be for you.
Gary Norcross: I think it really is just -- I wouldn't say it's a shot across the bow, that's not the intention. What I would tell you is what we're trying to show is, look, we're investing massive amounts of capital dollars and expense into data center consolidation on modern architectures and modern technology. And we've highlighted those stats, in last year over 50% of our compute was in the cloud. We focused on digital. We think it's important for our clients to see the benefit from that. So when you're traditionally looking on how this industry is built up, SLAs on disaster recovery or business recovery services are based on hours. I mean some instances they can be 24 or even 48 hours in some instances, and those are fairly standard across the industry. And for us, that's just not where the industry is today. The industries move very rapidly. And so what we're showing to our customers is we're -- we understand where the industry is today, we understand where the exception -- where the standards are today and we're going to move there and lead in that direction. So I think everybody is going to have to offer minutes with regards to recovery in the future. And being able to do that it really does just show not only are the benefits of cost we're getting because we're getting some nice run rate cost reductions out of consolidation, but we're getting some really nice step functions and availability that you just can't get in traditional deployments and traditional architectures. And so now establishing a timeline at 15 minutes, less than 15 minutes, we think is a substantial step. Honestly, that's going to accelerate from there. It's going to get less from there over time. And so we just think it's an important testament of where our modernization story is. And our clients were very excited about that shock that we would be willing to pass that on to whom. But we think it just shows an important commitment to the industry and where we're going.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Obviously, on the revenue side, I wanted to ask you, Gary, about maybe just the spending environment in relation to other good or great quarters you've seen in the past. How would this rank in in your mind? And I know I've asked you this a ton before, I'll ask it again. Secular versus cyclical, how much of this do you think is sort of secular momentum given all this digital momentum and everything else in the market versus some macro issues maybe?
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, look, I think it was a great quarter. I mean, honestly, it was a very clean quarter for us. The sales teams across the company executed exceptionally well. Just a lot of closings and demand coming out of our conference. We've got just honestly record pipelines coming out of our conference for follow-up. So I think the industry is -- so we're starting to see an increase in demand across where we've invested historically, which I think is great. So from your secular to cyclical, I think the industry strengthening. I think a lot of our larger clients, to be honest, that held on as long as they can, in some instances they probably have held on to their technologies too long. And we're just seeing a lot of demand and really large financial institutions that are starting to look for omnichannel digital deployment to really modernize their entire touch points with our customers. They're looking for ways to modernize their back office with state-of-the-art cloud computing and availability. And so it gives me real confidence that this is going to continue to benefit FIS. So I feel, as I said, really good about the quarter, really good about 2019 and really good about what we're seeing in our pipeline of growth and our demand for our solutions and services across the board.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: So let me start with GFS. And I guess the clarification is on the institutional wholesale business. You've said in the past an impact from the move to outsourcing and the accounting change on license recognitions were creating a mix issue. It sounded like you were incrementally more positive on that subsegment. Is that more a comp issue? Or are you actually seeing demand pick up in spite of those other factors you've mentioned before?
James Woodall: Yes. First quarter specifically was more of a comp issue. Some of the other items we talked about in the last year in terms of moving from license to outsourcing are still going. Our recurring revenue sales were up 40% and that outpaced our nonrecurring sales, but we had a good nonrecurring sales quarter as well. But we do anticipate accelerating growth over the course of the year in I&W. And then that would be able to be in a more sustained model as those recurring sales smooth out some of the lumps that we've seen in the past there.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. And then I wanted to ask if I could about the couple of products that you guys have highlighted for a few quarters now as being sort of hot. So loyalty as a service, mass enablement, those two things. Is it actually possible to maybe size those things? Because from my understanding, both of those are obviously important components on a go-forward basis as we think about synergies with Worldpay as well. So getting a good baseline and a little bit more granularity would really help us.
James Woodall: I'll give you some color on loyalty as a currency. That solution we anticipate to be just under $50 million for the full year 2019. It's growing at a rapid pace, about a 30% growth in this particular quarter. Mass enablement, a little more difficult due to granularity because it runs across a number of different areas and products, but just supplementally helps them in terms of their growth rates. But you should be seeing it flowing through all the subsegments within the IFS group primarily as when more of the mass enablement's done right now.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Mass enablement is really not a product, it's more of a deployment methodology. Our ability to deliver solutions faster in market which has been a clear demand for our clients, how do they compete with not only the large money centers institutions, how do they compete with emerging fintechs, et cetera, et cetera, and frankly, how do they just meet the demand of their customers. And so the team did a very nice job really innovating around this ability to put capability in market in a much faster pace across hundreds, if not thousands, of clients. And that then, based on whatever product they slate for that deployment methodology, that then accelerates our revenue stream. But it will drive tens of millions of dollars for the IFS segment this year in new organic growth and that'll -- you'll continue to see that as a continuing increasing way for us to deploy and get new capabilities in market faster.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Mihalos from Cowen.
Georgios Mihalos: Let me add my congrats on a very nice quarter.
Gary Norcross: Thanks, George.
Georgios Mihalos: Woody, to kick things off, just sort of two questions as we think about the rest of the year. Firstly, you outperformed in the first quarter, a tough comp quarter. Should we be thinking that, on an aggregate basis, organic growth is going to be fairly steady now from quarter two through quarter four? And then related to that, to the extent you continue to outperform, will you take any upside from the margin side and sort of accelerate reinvestment in the business?
James Woodall: Yes. On the first comment, we do anticipate revenue for the remainder of the year to be in line with the guide we just gave you, which is 4% to 4.5%., so we do anticipate that. Do I believe it's a conservative guide? I do at this point given what we're seeing in the market. But it is only the first quarter, so I am a little bit conservative from that front. I think we wouldn't see any incremental reinvestment over and above what we were already been doing. We think we've been out investing the market in terms of data centers, in terms of modernization, in terms of innovation. So I don't think we would look for any accelerated reinvestment from where we are today, George, and I think that answers both of your questions.
Georgios Mihalos: That's great. And just a quick follow-up. The $500 million of revenue synergies from the Worldpay acquisition, is there a way to kind of frame that domestic versus international?
Gary Norcross: At this time, we haven't framed that out, George. Obviously, one of the benefits to both of our companies is we're a global provider of financial services. On a combined basis, we'll be approximately 30% of total revenues outside the U.S. We obviously see a tremendous opportunity for geographic expansion for Worldpay. We've talked about that when we announced the transaction, of really helping them break into new high-growth markets that they want in that could really accelerate that timeline by as much as 3 years. But I would tell you that we think the revenue growth across the board will flow pretty much in alignment with how our revenue splits. But more of that will come in the coming quarters as we get the -- once we get closed on the business, we'll certainly come back and give you some more granularity into that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Cantwell from Guggenheim.
Jeffrey Cantwell: You've had several interesting announcements recently. There's one in particular I wanted to see if I could ask about is with Visa and their B2B Connect platform which looks like it's going to focus on cross-border. What can you tell us about that? Do you think that combination is something that could be a significant driver of new volume, new opportunities for your customers and yourselves? And if that's the case, then how so? Any color you could give us there will be very helpful and help us think about the -- your company's emerging opportunities incremental in nature.
Gary Norcross: Look, I appreciate it. Yes, look, the team is doing a very nice job of making sure that we're taking advantage of various partnerships or investment in our technologies and modernization where it makes sense to drive our future growth. We don't really give granular details of what we're expecting out of those relationships. But what I would come back and tell you is the payment landscape is changing very rapidly. The need for real-time money movement, the need for cross-border, the need for alternative payment types is all very high. What I'm really pleased with the team is through their strategy, they're taking advantage of the various capabilities that exist in the market and allowing us to meet our client demands and needs. So we don't enter into relationships cavalierly if we don't see an opportunity. Or frankly, if we're not being pressed by our clients, we don't enter into that. So the relationship is going to be a good one. We're excited about it. It's an extension of what we have today. And we think that as payments continue to move around the globe and take on different form factors and different changes, that FIS will be the benefactor of that given our strategy in how we're approaching it.
Jeffrey Cantwell: Great. And then you're clearly having numerous conversations with your financial institution partners. I wanted to see if you can give us a general sense of their temperature for investment as well as where they think we are in the business cycle because the service it sounds like there's still some positive tailwinds and some step-up in investment across the FI space. I was wondering if you could give us a sense, describe what your conversations are like with your partners and how optimistic you think they are about the outlook over the next 12 to 18 months.
Gary Norcross: Yes. I would tell you, over the last five quarters, given what we've seen going on in sales all throughout last year, we had the largest sales here in the history of the company last year. This quarter, another big quarter sales. And frankly, well, given our pipeline and given my personal ongoing conversations, and frankly, across the entire leadership team, their conversations, we're seeing a continuing acceleration in their desire to spend. As I commented earlier, I think many of our larger institutions, and frankly even community institutions around the world, have held on too long with their existing technologies and so there's a real sense of urgency that's been building. And I think you're seeing that in our sales results and seeing that in our accelerated growth. So I'm very optimistic that the next 18-plus months is going to be a real strong, positive tailwind for us with regards to demand and sales success.
Operator: And your final question today comes from the line of Glenn Greene from Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene: Great quarter, Gary and Woody.
Gary Norcross: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Glenn Greene: I guess the first question, you've obviously talked about it a lot, but just maybe, Gary, if you could talk a little bit more about the 30% CCB growth, the key drivers from a product service perspective, maybe contrast the IFS and GFS. Trying to get a sense of how broad based the sales success was.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Look, I mean, going on IFS, they just really had a great year last year in sales, really led into a strong Q1, Glenn. We saw it really across all major product lines, core and wealth continued to do very well, our payments business continued to operate on all cylinders, a lot of our back office capabilities. As you know, that segment specifically, it's all reoccurring in nature. I mean it's all a heavy SaaS model. But just continued strong demand. Sales team is executing well and the pipeline's strong. And just coming out of that conference, I would tell you, like everybody, we measure our leads coming out of conferences and we had over 3,000 people in attendance. The leads that came out of the conference are very strong year-over-year. And so I feel really good about where the IFS business is positioned. I feel really good about the contribution margins that the new sales are bringing online. Obviously, the implementation, as you know, the -- you do have anywhere from a 6- to 12-month implementation timeline as sales get closed. When I look at GFS, similar with demand, we're really starting to see, especially in the large bank market on the retail banking side where large regionals, frankly even global institutions have held on too long to their existing technology stacks, and they're really looking for cloud-native-type capabilities to gain the efficiencies out of the cloud that other industries have been able to take advantage of. And so we've got a lot of success and we highlighted some success in the prepared remarks around Digital One with some very large institutions. We're seeing a lot around our next-generation core banking platform and demand on that platform. As you move into the capital markets solution, just a really good, strong quarter. It does have some grow issues, as Woody talked about. I mean the movement from licensing to a SaaS model, that's an exciting long-term opportunity for us and we're seeing that with real high growth and reoccurring revenue up 40%. But then we have very strong, solid license sales as well. So -- and you'll continue to see some of that lumpiness as that business makes its transition. But the good news is very strong demand. And we even highlighted a regulatory change with consolidated audit trail. As you look at those kind of changes that are occurring, that plays into our solution capability that we built. And so I'd feel good about the spend environment for the industry. We're 5 quarters into some really nice sales results, and I think that's a good indicator for the next 18-plus months.
Glenn Greene: Okay. And then just the final one is just really a clarification and it's a -- I mean Darrin asked you the question, Woody, I guess on the revenue bridge for the pro forma. Just want to make sure I'm clear on that. Does that suggest that you think sort of FIS standalone would accelerate, let's say, 100 -- 50 to 100 basis points in 2020 and perhaps grow north of 5% organic?
James Woodall: That's a fair assessment of how we modeled it. Not here to give you 2020 guidance today, but that's a fair assessment as to how we model it.
Glenn Greene: All right. Perfect. Congrats.
James Woodall: Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We are pleased to start the year delivering very strong revenue, profitability performance and earnings growth. We entered 2019 with a robust pipeline and strong sales momentum and have continued to build on those strengths throughout the first quarter. Combined with our business model and consistent execution of our strategy, we are confident and have a clear line of sight into achieving our plan for the remainder of the year. A special thanks to our loyal clients who depend on us to keep their businesses running and growing every day and to our leaders and employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time today through May 11. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 466408. International participants dial 320-366-3844 with the access code 466408. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the FIS Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead, sir.
Pete Gunnlaugsson: Thank you, Brad. Good morning, everyone and welcome to FIS's fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Turning to slide 2; Gary Norcross, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer will begin today's call with company highlights for the quarter and the year. Woody Woodall, our Chief Financial Officer will continue with the financial results for the quarter and full year concluding with 2019 guidance. This conference call is also being webcasted with today's news release and corresponding presentation available on our website at fisglobal.com. Turning to slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by law. I refer you to the Safe Harbor language on the slide. The materials presented today will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the Appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. Turning to slide 4, it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Gary. Gary?
Gary Norcross: Thank you, Pete. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, I’m very pleased to announce our Q4 and full year earnings results. 2018 was a very good year for FIS, as we consistently and successfully executed on the strategic plan we discussed during our Investor Day last May. While impacted throughout the year by revenue mix, especially in our institutional and wholesale division, we exceeded profitability and earnings expectations and met revenue expectations for the full year. From a strategy delivery viewpoint, we exceeded our plans on datacenter consolidation, solution modernization and sales execution, which gives us strong confidence as we start 2019. This confidence allows us to continue building on our multi-year track record of delivering solid revenue growth, exceptional margin expansion and significant shareholder returns. For the year, total shareholder returns exceeded the S&P 500 by approximately 17%, driven by consolidated margin expansion of 280 basis points, adjusted earnings per share growth of 22.5% and a return of over 1.6 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. These results underscore the resiliency of our business model and showcase our ability to create both short and long term value for our shareholders, while executing on our modernization and transformation strategies. Over the last 3 years, we have strategically tuned our solution portfolio, resulting in divestitures of over 1 billion in annual revenue. During the same period, the market has rewarding our business performance with a $15 billion increase in our market capitalization, representing almost 80% growth over that period. Our financial services focused solutions portfolio combined with our large and loyal client base have enabled us to grow through dynamic market conditions. We exited 2018 with very strong sales momentum and pipeline. Our full year sales results were the strongest in our company's history and as typical, Q4 was our strongest new sales quarter of the year. This sales success resulted in a significant increase in our contract backlog that Woody will discuss later in the call. This not only gives us confidence in 2019, but in our long term outlook. Across the company, we continue to see more demand for software-as-a-service deployments, which will continue to increase our overall re-occurring revenue, predictability in earnings and free cash flow. Moving to slide 5 for a review of the segment highlights. Our Integrated Financial Solutions segment drove top line organic revenue growth of 2.5% for the quarter and 4% for the year. As previously discussed, our annual revenue growth for this segment is at the high end of its range and continues to accelerate year-over-year. Margins expanded by 90 basis points in the quarter and 60 basis points for the year. Additionally, our mass enablement strategy is accelerating product penetration within our markets, using an innovative and faster deployment model. This transformative approach leverages our investments in data center and solution modernization and is a key growth initiative, generating more than 10 million of new revenue in 2018. We expect this deployment methodology to continue to accelerate growth, as we bring innovative solutions to market. Based on the success in 2018 from a revenue and sales perspective and the deployment innovations I just discussed, we're expecting this segment to further accelerate its growth in 2019 by approximately 100 basis points. This organic growth is highly reoccurring in nature with strong industry leading margins and very high free cash flow conversion. The IFS segment had its largest sales quarter in Q4 with over 800 million in new contract value, resulting in a growth rate of more than 25% in new contract sales for the full year. Several of these wins highlight not only the variable size of institutions we serve, but the complexity of solution the market is looking for FIS to deliver. For example, a top 25 US financial institution expanded its longstanding FIS relationship by entering into a new multi-year agreement to outsource the bank's Wealth Management Services. With this move, the bank is reducing its cost by utilizing FIS variable cost operating model and gaining robust new capabilities by migrating to the industry leading suite of FIS wealth solutions. In another example, a $20 billion US community bank selected FIS as its core banking and digital provider in support of the bank's goal to modernize its environment, transform its branches and make better use of business intelligence and analytics across its enterprise. This bank had traditionally run a series of discrete products on premise in a highly customized manner. FIS' ability to leverage our next generation cloud base omnichannel, digital platform, Digital One with our extensive capabilities in scaled outsourcing of core processing and back office services was the key differentiator in winning this business against the competition. As we discussed in May of last, year our historical investment over the last 3 years in data center and solution modernization is showing value in these large complex wins throughout the industry. Our IFS payments division also continues to deliver strong growth, supported by increased transaction volume and competitive sales wins. As an example of just one of the key in quarter wins for our payments division, the US arm of a top tier global financial institution of more than 100 billion signed a multi-year payment outsourcing agreement with FIS in support of its goals to grow revenue and implement a market leading payments-as-a-service solution, supporting both business to business and consumer to business transaction. Our industry leading solutions in this space were the key drivers for this win. Our significant investments in modernization and technology are also paying dividends with key new wins in the large US bank market. We have discussed on many calls that we think the larger regionals will start to move towards modernization of their platforms and we believe our successes in 2018 are significant indicators that transformation is starting to take place. These transformations will occur not only with our next generation capabilities, but will be consumed through our industry leading cloud deployment on a subscription basis in most, if not all situations. Turning to our Global Financial Solutions segment, the business recorded top line organic growth of nearly 4% for the quarter and 2% for the full year. Margins across this segment expanded by 400 and 470 basis points compared to the prior year quarter and year. While we are very pleased with this continued transformation, revenue growth is being impacted by the movement to outsourcing in the recent accounting change on license recognition and therefore creating a mix issue. However, the profit contribution of the revenue is of much higher quality. Because of our growing scale in this market, we are now seeing EBITDA margins approach 40% on an ongoing basis and will continue to expand in the future. This expansion was driven by continual improvements in the segment’s SaaS revenue, data center consolidation and leverage across all our key business functions. Given our current level of margins, which have been improved by over 1400 basis points since 2015, the profit contribution being delivered from this segment has more than doubled. Turning to our divisions within the GFS segment. Results in our institutional and wholesale division fell short of expectations due to the revenue mix and accounting change I highlighted earlier. As we have seen throughout the industry, our trading and brokerage business has been impacted by lower volumes and slower than anticipated sales. We believe our trading business will continue to be a headwind for this division, but will continue to be offset by the higher quality SaaS sales that are occurring in our buy side in compliance and regulatory businesses. Our growth in SaaS deployment sales was up 25% in this division, which also was significant growth of more than 20% in new logo competitive wins, where our industry leading I&W capabilities replace many significant competitors. Our banking division saw nice growth, fueled in part by the industry's need for a clear path towards a modern banking solution. For example, a large multinational bank has selected our cloud native next generation core banking platform to expand its presence in the US. In addition to core banking, this client will also take advantage of our digital one omnichannel platform that I referenced in the IFS segment. Our ability to get leverage from our overall development cycle is paying huge dividends for our ongoing margin as well as growth expansion. This new deal adds a premier client logo to the long list of clients who have relied on FIS to launch a digitally focused bank in support of their growth strategies. Our GFS payments business also had an exceptionally strong quarter and full year. Much of this growth was driven by strong payment transaction volumes in Latin America and competitive new sales wins. As previously announced, we have successfully closed our Brazilian joint venture and entered into a new 5-year commercial agreement with our former JV partner. We are very pleased to have closed on this transaction six months earlier than planned, providing us a faster start in getting a wider portfolio of our solutions into this expanding and attractive market. I was recently in India and met with several of the largest tier 1 institutions in the country and universally they are all looking for ways to modernize their core digital and payments infrastructure. Given our market presence and historical success in the country, we are well positioned to capture these transformations in the future. In conclusion, our GFS segment, we remain confident and continued acceleration of revenue growth in 2019 compared to the prior year period and bullish on the ongoing business transformation that is occurring on SaaS deployment and continued market share gains. Moving to slide 6, focusing next on some of our large scale corporate initiatives that our leadership team has remain focused on executing our strategy, which we outlined for you last May during our investor conference. In summary, we continued to transform our operating environment through our cloud and data center consolidation strategy. Currently, more than 55% of our North American distributed systems portfolio is running in our cloud environment, well ahead of the 50% target that we announced at the start of 2018. By year end, we expect this percentage to increase to over 65% on a global basis. Due to this success, we exited the year ahead of the 100 million in run rate savings that we shared with you in our last investor conference. We're continuing to fine tune our service management capacity on demand and fast provisioning so that our clients benefit from industry leading scale, uptime performance and resiliency in a fully secure FIS environment. We've begun to see early positive reaction to our new modern banking and payments platforms. These new solutions are enabling our clients to run and grow their businesses more effectively by connecting with their customers through more modern and meaningful experiences. In proof points that our investments are delivering differentiating value, our new cloud based Digital One platform has already grown to serve more than 10 million consumers in the US in 2018. Additionally, we on-boarded more than 50 clients to our unified payments platform in 2018 and expect that number to expand dramatically throughout 2019. Finally, we have once again been named a Fortune most admired company and for the fourth year in a row, we set a top at Chartis RiskTech100 rankings. Before I turn the call over to Woody for the financial review, we strongly believe that scale and solution capability is the key to driving continued growth in meeting the demands of a very rapidly changing industry. As you know, inorganic growth opportunities have been and will continue to be a key component of our long term success. Our approach and strategy towards these opportunities has not changed. If it fits our overall strategy, drives accelerated growth for our company and is actionable, we will execute accordingly. I'd like to reaffirm that we are pleased with our full year 2018 results and the momentum we have created. We expect this positive momentum to continue into 2019 and beyond, as we continue to execute the transformation and modernization strategies discussed last May. \ Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter and full year. Woody?
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Gary. Turning to slide 8, in the fourth quarter, revenue increased 3.2% on an organic basis and EBITDA grew to 864 million, a 5.3% increase compared to the prior year period. Fourth quarter revenue was negatively impacted by approximately 40 million due to divestitures. EBITDA margin expanded 200 basis points to 39.9% and adjusted earnings per share grew 29% to $1.60 per share. For the year, revenue increased 2.8% on an organic basis and EBITDA grew to 3.1 billion, a 5% increase compared to the prior year period. EBITDA margin expanded 280 basis points to 37.2% and adjusted earnings per share grew 22.5% to $5.23 per share. We are pleased with delivering on our full year consolidated guidance. Moving to slide 9, as expected, in the fourth quarter, IFS revenue grew on an organic basis by 2.5%, while EBITDA grew 4.5% with 90 basis points of expansion. Margin expansion was driven by growth in our payments business that has high operating leverage. For the year, IFS revenue increased 3.9% on an organic basis. EBITDA increased 4.7% with margin expansion of 60 basis points to 44.6%. We are very pleased with IFS's full year performance, which was driven by balanced demand across all divisions for the year and continued robust sales. We expect this momentum to carry in to 2019, translating into accelerated revenue growth. Turning to slide 10, banking and wealth grew 1.5% for the quarter. For the full year, this group grew a strong 4.3%, primarily driven by our wealth and retirement solutions. Payments had another robust quarter and grew 5.2%, as our network services continue to see sustained volume growth as well as growth in new solution offerings. For the full year, this business grew 3.3%. Corporate and digital was relatively flat for the quarter. Digital growth was offset by a difficult license comparable in our corporate liquidity solutions. For the full year, they grew 3.7%. Turning to slide 11, in the fourth quarter, GFS revenue grew 3.7% organically, while EBITDA grew 9.1%. For the quarter, this represents 400 basis points of margin expansion to 42.8%. Although revenue grew slower than expected, EBITDA grew more than 2 times faster compared to revenue in the quarter, speaking to the increased operating leverage of the segment and a positive long term revenue mix trend. For the year, revenue increased 2.1% organically. EBITDA grew 5.1% compared to the prior year, reflecting 470 basis points of margin expansion to 37.4%. We are pleased with the ongoing EBITDA margin profile in the segment, which continues to expand in line with our previous comments throughout the year. Moving to slide 12, for the quarter, our institutional and wholesale business declined 2% and was flat for the year. Positive results in the quarter for our buy side solutions were offset by a few items. Trading volumes were down year-over-year and were the primary driver impacting growth for the quarter. Upfront license sales were less than expected, as we continue to see sales of long term reoccurring outsourcing agreements, outpacing upfront loss in sales, which impacts the quarterly revenue growth. Upfront license sales were down 15%, while recurring revenue sales were up 25% in the quarter. This trend will continue to improve the long term quality of the revenue stream. Finally, as we closed out the year, the positive impact of 606 was less than we originally expected. This time last year, we outlined and expected one point tailwind for GFS for the full year related to 606 and the actual impact was closer to flat. We do not expect 606 to impact 2019 in a meaningful way. As Gary mentioned, although we’re disappointed with the results for this group, we remain confident in the long term prospects of the business and the markets we address and have made organizational changes to improve the growth in this business. We anticipate I&W returning to low single digit growth in 2019. Banking and payments grew 10.7% in the quarter, primarily driven by strong demand for our digital solutions in North America along with continued growth in our international payments businesses. The quarter also benefited from revenue right at the dissolution of the Brazil JV. Absent this one time revenue, this group still grew a healthy 8%. For the full year, the business grew 5%, in line with our expectations. Moving to slide 13, our corporate and other segment revenue grew 8.3% for the quarter to 65 million with an EBITDA loss of 77 million. As previously discussed, we did not expect any ongoing revenue headwinds from this segment. Moving forward, we anticipate corporate expenses on a quarterly basis to be $70 million to $80 million. For the full year, corporate expense declined 9%. We finished the year with a revenue backlog of 20.5 billion, an increase of 1 billion compared to the prior year, driven by the robust sales execution we have discussed throughout the year. The increase in our backlog gives us a high level of confidence to achieve our 2019 guidance. Moving the slide 14, free cash flow was 551 million for the quarter, representing 25% of revenue and about 1.5 billion for the full year. For the quarter, cash flow comparisons were negatively impacted by higher than expected CapEx for our data center consolidation efforts, product investment, higher sales commissions and the previously discussed tax benefit in the prior year. Debt outstanding as of December 31st was 9 billion with an effective weighted average interest rate of 3.3%. Our effective tax rate for the year was 17.5%. The decrease in our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was driven by implementation of new corporate tax reform guidance implemented in the period. We anticipate a full year 2019 effective tax rate of approximately 19%. During the fourth quarter, we returned 255 million to shareholders through the repurchase of 1.4 million shares for approximately $150 million and 105 million through dividend. For the full year, we returned 1.6 billion to shareholders through the repurchase of 12 million shares for approximately $1.2 billion and 420 million through dividends. $2.7 billion remain on our existing share repurchase authorization. The weighted average diluted share count was 329 million for the quarter and 332 million for the year. Going into 2019, our capital allocation principles remain consistent. We'll continue to invest in innovation and product development to better serve our clients and lead the market. We recently increased our quarterly dividend 9% to $0.35 per share and we continue to grow it in line with our free cash flow. Finally, we will assess value creating M&A opportunities and absent any actionable deals, we will continue to repurchase shares. Turning to slide 15, before I provide 2019 guidance, I wanted to give a quick update on the Brazil JV unwind as well as the change of our non-GAAP EPS calculation. On January 4, we announced a successful unwinding of our joint venture in Brazil. We previously anticipated this transaction to close by the end of the second quarter 2019. Consistent with the transaction announcement in the fall, this transaction will result in $225 million headwind to 2019 reported revenue growth, which is accounted for in our 2018 organic revenue base. In addition, we now expect approximately $0.08 earnings per share headwind in 2019, driven by the earlier than anticipated closing of the transaction. As Gary mentioned, we're very excited about the next chapter of our growth story in Brazil and the broader Latin American market. As you saw this morning in our earnings release, we have revised our reporting of adjusted earnings per share. We have historically excluded purchase accounting intangible amortization from our non-GAAP earnings. As part of a normal review of our public filings and discussions with the Securities and Exchange Commission, they expressed an objection to our approach regarding adjusted EPS. After several lengthy discussions with the SEC, which included comparisons of our peers, analyst and investor expectations, we agreed on an approach with the SEC that will exclude all depreciation and amortization from our adjusted EPS. We will continue to provide detailed disclosures of the components of D&A and the related tax benefits should you choose to calculate under the old method. We were allotted this quarter as a transition period to make this adjustment in our reporting. And our fourth quarter and full year results are available in both methods within the earnings release. Given this transition and to assist you with your models, we have also provided quarterly and full year reconciliation for 2018 and full year 2017. Going forward, we will continue to provide detailed data points to reconcile back to our prior method of calculating adjusted EPS within the footnotes, however, we will not speak to it in future earnings calls. Our guidance for 2019 and future results will follow the new method. Turning the slide 16, this morning we reported an adjusted EPS of $5.23 per share. The prescribed change to exclude all D&A will increase adjusted EPS by $1.70 per share. Additionally, the impact of divested businesses, including the JV unwind is approximately $0.12, resulting in the 2018 EPS base of $6.81. Turning to slide 17, due to in year divestitures and the JV dissolution, I wanted to give a transparent walk in our organic revenue base. As we called out on last quarter’s call, we have successfully completed our divestiture program and are entering 2019 with a focused and high quality set of assets. Turning to slide 18, for 2019, we expect organic revenue growth of 3.5% to 4.5%. This represents continued revenue acceleration and is in line with the long term growth strategy outlined last year at our Investor Day. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin expansion of 150 to 200 basis points, which exceeds our mid-term outlook; adjusted earnings per share of $7.35 to $7.55, representing growth of 8% to 11% compared to a baseline EPS of $6.81 and free cash flow, as a percentage of revenue, of approximately 20%, which represents greater than 10% growth in free cash flow. Consistent with our historical practices, we have provided supplemental planning assumptions in the appendix material. I wanted to provide some additional color on the calendarization of our top line growth. As we’ve discussed on our first quarter 2018 earnings call, GFS had a very strong license revenue, which created a difficult compare this upcoming quarter. Because of this, we expect first quarter consolidated organic revenue growth to be the low water mark of growth for the year. The second, third and fourth quarters should be at or above the midpoint of our guide. Finally, first quarter adjusted EPS is expected to be in a range of $1.54 to $1.58 per share. Turning to slide 19, we continue to believe we have a strong and resilient business model and will continue to leverage our market leadership to produce accelerating topline growth, exceptional margin expansion and robust cash flow. These strengths allow us to invest for future growth and return value to our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to the line of David Koning.
David Koning: Yeah. And I guess first of all, just thinking through, when we think of IFS and GFS, are they both -- you expect both to be pretty similar growth through ‘19. And I would assume in Q1, GFS would be lower than IFS, just simply because of some of the license timing stuff. Is that fair?
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Given our sales success throughout 2018, Dave, we actually see both segments accelerating growth rate going into 2019. But as Woody talked about, Q1 in GFS, given the grow over, will be the low water mark for the full year.
Woody Woodall: If you look at the color between the two segments Dave, we actually expect IFS to grow roughly 100 basis points and accelerate roughly 100 basis points, so even higher than the 4% we saw this year. When you look at our midpoint being a 4% growth, that would translate into GFS being closer to 3, really driven by this mix shift in the GFS segment.
David Koning: And I guess just my follow up, free cash flow, I know for much of the year, you talked about kind of 110% or 105% or something like that conversion on cash earnings. It looked like it finished the year, I think, we have 86% of cash earnings under the old method. Maybe, you can talk through that and it seems like guidance is well a little lower than what we had previously thought on cash flow.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. If you look at cash flow, there are really 2 items that were impacting 2018 for the full year. If you look at the hurricane Irma tax relief that we got last year, in terms of a benefit and had to pay this year plus the increase in sales commission payments, both were roughly $100 million apiece. If you add those two together, we were really close to 100% free cash flow conversion. Going forward, we’ll continue to invest -- we're investing roughly 7.5% of revenue back into data center consolidation and modernization and product, so that might be a little higher than we originally anticipated, but certainly we're pleased with 20% free cash flow conversion as a percentage of revenue.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of David Togut.
David Togut: I’d like to ask about industry consolidation. Two impacts, first, your thoughts on competitive impact from Fiserv’s announced acquisition of First data and then the second impact obviously is consolidation in the customer base, SunTrust, BB&A and you've said that isn't – they’re not core clients, but how do you think about kind of modeling in the impact of customer consolidation into your guidance, both near and long term.
Gary Norcross: Well, the first on the competitive front, David, we talked a lot about this. We think that the market's going to continue to need to consolidate, scale is going to be a key contributor to be able to compete and grow and certainly historically FIS has participated in those inorganic activities. We will always look for opportunities that center around our three main verticals, whether it's retail banking, payments or institutional or wholesale, we want to take good care of the capital in the company and our shareholders that entrust into us and certainly as we look for opportunities that can accelerate our growth rate and help us grow our scale, that's going to be important. When you look at industry consolidation across the various financial institutions, we actually modeled going into 2019 a very consistent level of industry consolidation. It's very hard to predict when these announcements are going to occur. It's very hard to predict what the impact could be, both positive and negative, depending on how the institutions come together, but at this point in time, in 2019, for modeling purposes, we model consistent over 2018 from a consolidation standpoint.
David Togut: And by consistent, you mean you've modeled in a specific headwind to revenue and EPS or?
Woody Woodall: Yes. Very similar to what we've done in the past between customer losses and compression roughly 150 basis points a year, Dave, just like we have in the past. We don't see any acceleration, if you will, of potential customer losses here. In fact, one of the comments on one of the bank consolidation calls was their need to continue to expand and invest in modernization and technology to compete in the future and we think that could be certainly a benefit for us on a go forward basis.
Gary Norcross: And as we highlighted throughout the call, David, I mean, you see a number of really large wins for us across 2018 and where large and stations are doing just that modernization investment. So to Woody’s point, that should be a -- that could be a positive tailwind for us.
David Togut: Understood. Just a quick final question, the 2019 EPS guidance calls for 8% to 11% growth on an adjusted basis. That is somewhat below your 3-year target of 10% to 13% growth. Is that just the math of the new adjusted EPS reporting structure or is it mostly a slow start on I&W?
Woody Woodall: I think the biggest difference is a tax headwind in 2019 compared to ’18, David. We landed with a lower tax rate in 2018 at 17.5%. We think 2019 is going to be roughly 19%. Actually, if you look at old method, new method, we guided 7.35 to 7.55. If I were guiding old method, I would have guided 5.60 to 5.80 with a midpoint of 5.70 and really the difference between that and current consensus estimates is the early closing of Brazil, which cost us about $0.08 versus our original expectation.
Operator: And we’ll go to the next line of Brett Huff.
Brett Huff: Can you talk a little bit about the revenue shift that you guys have been mentioning. I think this came up a couple of times, maybe one or two quarters earlier in ‘18. Why is this accelerating so much, is it a function of your kind of pushing your modernization by modularity? Is there some big change that the bigger banks you guys serve or may be the medium sized banks, they’re choosing outsourcing more, what's the acceleration that's driving this long ref rec?
Gary Norcross: I think Brad, we’re seeing it in the sales cycle. I think larger institutions are looking at their total cost of ownership, they're looking at their legacy technology debt that they have in place, we're running it on premise. Frankly, as they look at our more modern solutions and being able to consume that with the investments that we're delivering in our private cloud surrounded by our robust security measures, so they're seeing higher availability, lower total cost of ownership and as we've discussed, we just – we felt for a long time, the industry is going to start moving in that direction and for years, classic community banks, what we define as community banks were all outsourcing, but now, as you move up market, you see $20 billion institutions, $100 billion institutions now looking for ways to leverage our investment and scale around technology and modernization and that's just playing out in our sales efforts, including the I&W side, as I highlighted in the call, our sales on SaaS model deployments on I&W were up significantly year-over-year and that's just an indicator of the market looking for ways to lower their total cost of ownership and leverage our scale in investment.
Brett Huff: And then Woody, I think in your guidance, I believe you said that you expect CapEx to come in at 7.5%, did I hear that right?
Woody Woodall: That’s 7.5% of revenue for CapEx in 2019, which is a continued acceleration off of 2018, really around this modernization, the innovation work that we have and the data center consolidation, which is driving some of the margin expansion.
Gary Norcross: As you can see, we're well ahead of where we thought we would be on data center consolidation and the return we're getting on that investment through not only cost saves, but just availability and market recognition has been very beneficial. So, we want to continue to lean in on that program and accelerate that for the remaining couple of years.
Brett Huff: Ex the data center, should we expect a higher level, I mean, is this now an industry where we just kind of have to spend a little more to keep ahead of the technology curve, even if we look ex the data centers? I mean usually I think it's been 5% to 6%, should we expect 6 to 7 even ex data centers going forward or how do we think about the reinvestment that you guys need to do?
Gary Norcross: We talked about that last May in our Investor update. As you think about it, the industry, we've been a leader in this industry for the last 50 years and as we think about where the future is, clearly, there is a tremendous amount of legacy technology that's going to have to be modernized for the future. It’s going to have to be built with cloud deployment from the ground up and so we do see a hump here, where we're going to have to invest at a level, but as we talked about in May, we see that declining back to more normalized levels once we've moved our legacy technology in application to the future and the whole industry will have to go through this process. You're seeing it with every call, as Woody highlighted, when you look at the BB&T SunTrust combination, they highlighted the need to be able to invest in innovation and digital. That's just really a different way of saying needing to move their technology stack from historical positions to the future and so we'll see this run in the sevens as we're doing today. But we'll see the advantages of that and then once we get through this curve over the next couple of years, you'll see it return back to our normalized 5% to 6% as we discussed in May.
Operator: And the next question or comment will come from the line of Darrin Peller.
Darrin Peller: Look, we're getting a lot of questions still on just the outlook, just to make sure that where the confidence is coming from and the acceleration of over 100 basis points on top line. So maybe just give us a little more color on whether or not how much of that is already in what you've already signed in terms of new bookings that -- you had some pretty strong growth in the quarter. And then any more granularity you can give us on the subsegments, what kind of acceleration and for instance, the I&W category, that showed some weakness this quarter, where the payments business continuing to show some strength, anymore color would be great.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. I mean, I think most of the strength comes in the sales commentary we've been talking about and the buildup of the backlog, that 20.5 billion, a significant chunk of that comes through, as we show in our 10-K disclosures and our 10-Q disclosures each quarter. We anticipated that to grow and it did, along with the sales themselves. If you look at the components of growth by segment in 2019, I think across the three groups, IFS, all of those guys will accelerate over the 2018 growth rates. If you break it down between banking and payments and institutional and wholesale within GFS, let’s call, GFS roughly a 3% growth for full year, you're going to see higher growth than that out of banking and payments, slightly lower growth than that out of institutional and wholesale for the full year again with some headwind in Q1 on GFS. But broadly, that 4% midpoint for the full year.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. That's right. Darrin, the sales success was very, very strong last year and to Woody’s point, the highly reoccurring nature of our business going into ’19, we don't have any more risk than what we would have in 2018, it's just good strong sales performance and now we've got onboard those sales and get the results of that and then continue to sell through the year.
Darrin Peller: Gary, just a quick follow up, I mean I know you are as briefly about the deal, M&A environment, but I guess we're just getting a lot of questions, so maybe a little more pointedly, what are your thoughts in terms of your need or not lack thereof to get something now, it’s been a little while obviously. And if so, just remind us the areas that you think about as the core priorities for M&A for FIS in the next year or two?
Gary Norcross: Look Darrin, as we’ve talked about consistently, inorganic activities will play a role in our strategy. You've seen its focus on pulling our portfolio, I would tell you that work's done. You've seen us focused on strengthening our balance sheet, I would tell you that work's done. You've seen our investment strategies and the results of that with margin expansion, so we feel great about the position the company's in, we feel great about our ability to compete in the industry today, as we currently sit. With that as a backdrop, we would be interested in pursuing something inorganically, if it fits our strategy, we want to find something that will definitely accelerate our growth rate. We also want to find something that fits within our financial services focus. We're interested in, as I think about the company, I think about three broad categories and I think about them on a global basis, so we think about retail banking, we think about payments and we think about institutional and wholesale and there's a number of opportunities within each of those areas that could make sense from a strategy viewpoint, of course, they would have to be actionable and have to make financial sense, but we do believe that the market will continue to consolidate, both on the provider side as well as on the financial institution side and financial services side. So -- and scale is going to continue to drive and be a differentiator, the need to invest to continue to modernize both the technology and application layers and to innovate around those, so that our customers can deal with various disruptors in the industry are going to be important and scale will contribute to that.
Operator: And the next question in queue will come from Chris Shutler.
Andrew Nicholas: This is actually Andrew Nicholas in for Chris. So we need to talk a little bit about the recent sales activity in the institutional and wholesale segment. I’m mainly curious the recent market volatility impacted the quarter and the pipeline in that business and then also how much of the revenue in I&W is priced based on assets.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. We did see some impact in some of our trading platforms due to volatility, but I also highlighted last year we had a great year of new logo wins in the I&W business where our products continue to take share from a lot of competition in that space. So we’re excited about some of the results that we've seen in that. Of course, our SaaS sales are way up as well. We got a number of different products, so pricing is never answer just on a simple unit price, but most of our products are tied to, from a pricing viewpoint, tied to some type of unit price and then hosting license fees wrapped around that I&W space.
Woody Woodall: As we've talked about in the past, the amount of revenue tied to asset size is very, very smell, the amount of revenue tied to trading and volumes is roughly 2.5% of consolidated revenue, so still in the big picture, a relatively small impact from a volatility perspective.
Andrew Nicholas: And then second, I was hoping you could walk through the different factors that would drive you to the high versus low end of your margin expansion guidance?
Woody Woodall: Yeah. I think continued efforts around data center consolidation, which is really one of the primary drivers on the outsized margin expansion versus what we talked about last year, our divestiture activity, which we've completed this year are driving roughly 30 basis points of margin expansion in 2019 and then continued efforts around managing our costs and deploying one to many model type revenues that continue to provide higher incremental margins. Those are the three primary components that help us drive that margin expansion and will help us move towards a higher end there.
Operator: And next question will come from the line of Jim Schneider.
Jim Schneider: I wondered if you can maybe talk a little bit more around the IFS acceleration, specifically which products are the ones that are picking up, maybe talk about which ancillary products as well as if you're seeing any kind of core wins in that acceleration number from 4 to 5 this year?
Gary Norcross: Yeah. As Woody mentioned and we tried to cover some of that in the prepared remarks, honestly, we’ve seen good growth across all of the sub segments within IFS. So we've highlighted some really nice core banking wins in 2018 on actually an outsourced maces or in the SaaS deployment, we think that trend is going to continue. Our pipeline was good there as we bring new capabilities in market. We've seen some strengthening in our payments business throughout 2018 and going into 2019, we've seen some great results around mass enablement, around that customer base and ability to really innovatively deploy products faster into that market and that's going to expand. So -- and when you look at the digital footprint, we highlighted our new Digital One platform that we brought to market in 2018, saw a lot of opportunity for that in the GFS segment in 2018, which helped us drive some of the banking business there, but that's actually now deploying in our IFS market, so getting good reception on that. So we're really seeing our sales effort hitting on all cylinders, we tend to skew towards the larger side of community banking historically and we've highlighted a number of examples in the script that came through in the quarter.
Jim Schneider: And maybe as a quick follow up, relative to the BB&T SunTrust environment, I guess a different angle on it, which is, what are your clients saying about their competitive response if any to that merger, kept the next level down from the merged super regionals and can you maybe talk about where they might decide to invest more versus any places you think they might pull back a little bit?
Gary Norcross: I think it's early to see what the response is. We've got to see how that combination transpires. I would say in general, if you look at the large regionals or really large community institutions, we're seeing in our sales success throughout 2018 really starting to see a strong demand to modernize the platforms. A lot of those institutions have been dealing with the level of technology and application debt for years and they're looking for how do we modernize our platforms and lower total cost of ownership. We’ve highlighted a couple of examples in the script, $100 billion institution moved to a much more robust payments as a service solution, leveraging all of FIS’ capabilities and leveraging our cloud base deployments. We had another $20 billion institution that really is moving from a series of discrete solutions that they were leveraging in-house development resources to bring together and really taking advantage of the full solution suite of FIS. And those are just indicators that while people are looking to merge and grab scale, so they can have investment dollars to accelerate their enervation and change, all of them are still talking about the need to change. So do we think there will be further consolidation as Woody talked about, we don't believe it's going to accelerate over where it was in 2018, but it's very hard to predict.
Operator: And we’ll go to the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: My question – first question was, you talked already about the cadence of revenues through the years improving as you go from 1Q to 4Q. Can you talk about the cadence of margin improvement, particularly given you're saying that you’re quite far along on the data center consolidation side and solution modernization, so can you kind of talk about how we should think about how the cost side flows through?
Gary Norcross: Yeah. If you think about it, we’ll continue to see incremental benefits of data center consolidation along the years, so that will help incrementally grow margins from Q1 through to Q4. The divestiture components will go in line with where the timeline is on the divestitures and sales, so you'll see that flowing relatively ratable over the year and then the first quarter will probably be a little lower in terms of margin expansion because of the heavy license component that we talked about this time last year and first quarter of ’18, so that should give you some color on how we think about where the margins will flow, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: And then the second question is, broadly speaking, as you talk about year-over-year improvement in demand, it seems to me you've touched on a few points and I just like to confirm, there seems to be higher win rate perhaps, there seems to be broadly maybe more demand for the particular product set you’re now bringing and you’re also with mass enablement onboarding faster, am I understanding correctly that you’re actually checking all these boxes?
Woody Woodall: Yeah. I think I would add one more. I think the trend towards outsourcing or SaaS deployment leveraging our investment around cloud, so our data center consolidation is really driving two things. One, it is driving cost reductions. We’ve highlighted that, but it's really elevating our technology stack to much more modern architecture and deployment with much higher resiliency. And so all of those things are feeding into people wanting to leverage that investment that FIS has made and so therefore as we've talked in the past, as we move from on premise deployment to SaaS deployment, you're going to see a much higher revenue stream, larger contracts et cetera, but I think those three things are really driving the increase in growth rates that we’ve talked about.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. If you think back a few years ago, we started increasing our investment in CapEx, that CapEx is not just hard assets for data center consolidation, but it's also around product and innovation and trying to bring those new solutions to market faster. I think all those things collectively are resonating with the client base and it's resonating in the actual sales closure rates.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. The point you made about mass enablement, we’re very excited about it, obviously generated a relatively small amount in 2018, but that's accelerating dramatically going into ‘19 and really how do you -- one of the things -- a lot of the things our clients are asking for is how do you get product to market faster, how do you remove friction through that process and so we've spent a lot of money on innovating to be able to bring some of those solutions, not one at a time, but how do we deploy a new capability across 100, across 500, across 1000 customers and we think it's going to make a real impact, as we continue to innovate around that and bring more and more capability to market faster.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. Is it safe to say that you guys are maybe in the middle innings, these kind of transitions tend to be multi-year in nature, can take 3 years, 4 years, are you in middle innings is fair?
Gary Norcross: I think that is fair. We highlighted data center consolidation, we just wrapped up the third year of data center consolidation and we're very pleased at where we are on the run rate cost takeout whereas I highlight in the script, we’re ahead of where we originally thought. So, we still have another 2 to 3 years left globally on that. We've got 2 years in the domestic, so we're going to continue to push through that and we're going to continue to drive a total of more than 250 million of cost saves out of just that one exercise, but it's more important to understand where the end state's going to be at that point in time and at that point in time, when you look at resiliency, when you look at the level of cloud based computing, we're going to have in the industry, when you look at our security posture, we're going to have a great environment for our clients and our prospects to take advantage of it and then when you build the application modernization innovation that we're bringing in the market, we're excited about the future at FIS.
Woody Woodall: And these investments are starting to translate into accelerating revenue growth from 2% to 3% to 4%, we're feel really good about getting good return on that investment.
Operator: And we’ll go to the next question in queue, it comes from George Mihalos.
George Mihalos: So just wanted to ask on Brazil now that you're liberated from Bradesco. How have the sales opportunities been, just curious kind of how the commentary is with other potential clients and partners and then the $0.08 of dilution, just want to make sure I understand where that's coming from, is that because of the change in reporting or is there something else that's driving that dilution?
Gary Norcross: Well, first, we've got a great long term relationship with Bradesco. They just -- we've now got a 5-year commercial agreement with them, so they're still going to be great substantial client going forward, but you're right, George, it really does free up the ability now for us to bring more product, more capability into that market. Historically, the way the JV worked, we were somewhat encumbered because everything had to come through that joint venture and therefore a lot of customers weren't interested in giving the ownership structure. So it does now free us up to move new product and capability in market. Woody was just down there, I know, he met with a lot of the clients in market and a lot of the prospects. I would tell you, our sales team is very excited. We're also already moving some of our capabilities down there. So I think Brazil's going to be a very good market for us going forward.
Woody Woodall: If you're specifically asking on the $0.08 dilution, it's really around the timing, we’d anticipated this thing to close roughly June 30th of this year versus January 1st. So instead of having that that revenue and EBITDA roll up to the consolidated for six more months, which has got done early.
George Mihalos: And just a quick follow up Woody for purposes of calculating EPS for ’19, more in line with how you've done it in the past, can you break out for us what your expectation is for core D&A and then intangible amortization?
Woody Woodall: Yeah. I think if you think about it, we've got disclosures in there that give you one for one. We haven't given D&A disclosures for full year yet, but you could think about roughly $1.75 of difference between the 735 to 755 versus an old method of 560 to 580.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey.
Andrew Jeffrey: You've been talking very consistently for the past year about process improvement, product delivery improvement, which I take to mean time to market and your solutions like SaaS. I just wonder if you think over a multi-year period, how do you quantify the ability to kind of bend your growth curve. I mean ‘19, IFS did a little better, maybe GFS has more trading volume exposure, but on a compound basis, is there a point where some of these investments really start to improve the sustainability of your growth, the cycle notwithstanding.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. And obviously we think so Andrew and we're seeing that in our sales cycle, we're seeing sales accelerate year-over-year, we're seeing growth rates accelerate year-over-year, we're seeing margins accelerate year-over-year and all of that’s about our consistent strategy around modernization, both technology and the application layer and you're right, I mean, the industry is looking for more flexibility, they're looking for more speed, they're looking for higher availability and you're not going to get that through the historical technology stacks and obviously it's a heavy lift that all providers will need to go through. We're just moving into our fourth year of that and so we do feel good that you'll continue to see our growth rates trend up. And given the reoccurring nature of our revenue, we will continue to be very predictable and will lead the industry with regards to margin as well. So, we're very confident in investments, we've been very consistent on the strategy and we think the long term outcome for the company is going to be a much stronger growth rate, as we deploy this.
Andrew Jeffrey: Okay. And if you could, maybe opine a little bit on geo mix. I mean a lot of the increased tech spend as you cited in the SunTrust BB&T deal seems to be driven by US imperatives, what about Europe and rest of the world, where do you think we are in terms of demand for more digitized solutions and perhaps what might change the growth parameters outside of the US?
Gary Norcross: Yeah. We've been fairly consistent. We saw Europe return slower than what -- than some of our other geos. But we had a really good year in Europe with regards to sales demand and we have a good pipeline going into ‘19 on Europe. I mean, one of the things that we're doing and I referenced in the script, not only are we making all this investment in technology, we're getting better leverage across the two segments. So we're building out an omni-channel digital -- next generation digital platform called Digital One, great success with that in the US in 2018 in the GFS market, you're seeing us deploy that very rapidly in the IFS market. You're going to also see us push that into other geos around the world, so we're getting more leverage out of our investment as well across the various segments. We're doing the same thing with regard to our data center consolidation and our technology stack, as we move more of our compute into the cloud, both segments are able to take advantage of that with industry leading availability and cost. So all of these things, we think, will be able to continue to expand in the various geos we’re in. We highlighted some opportunities we have in Brazil, we still see good opportunities in Europe, especially in the UK and certain Western European countries and then in Asia, we continue to have good solid growth in Asia and we think all of that will continue.
Operator: And our last question on today’s call this morning will come from Ramsey El-Assal.
Ramsey El-Assal: I wanted to ask, kind of following up on Ashwin's question a bit, you called out a really strong sales backlog and obviously your solutions are resonating in the marketplace, but is there a IT bank, IT spending sort of overlay here, it really feels like bank’s wallets are sort of opening up in a nice way, can you comment a little bit on the broader environment, irrespective of the strength of your solutions?
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Ramsey, I do think we're seeing that. I think the recovery has been slow and I think that financial institutions broadly are realizing that they are now having to open up their span and actually start spending money on next generation technologies and we're seeing the results of that in our sales cycle. They really are looking for how to achieve a higher level of availability and risk posture, you're not going to do that unless you really embrace some of these new cloud technologies, they're really looking for what are built digitally native from the ground up, and how do we drive more open API framework, so we can build around the edges and all of those things FIS have been investing in very heavily, whether it's Code Connect, which we launched last year, which we’re seeing great adoption, which is truly a new fully open API framework, whether it's some of our next generation components that we're now bringing to market. We highlighted a large bank that's entering the US with the digital institution that's going to take our cloud native core banking solutions surrounded by Digital One or our omni-channel digital platform. Also, as you go over into the I&W space, we're seeing a lot of demand and highlighted that with our new logo sales. That's indications of our clients now looking to move from their historically in-house developed products or even third-party products that they customized and cobbled together moving to the future. So yeah, I do think that IT spend is opening up in the market and we're seeing in our sales cycle FIS be the beneficiary of that.
Ramsey El-Assal: I wanted -- a quick follow up here. I wanted to ask about your margin – your inherent operating leverage in the business. I mean the full year margin guidance obviously came above -- came in above your 3 year range and then there's quite a bit of moving parts in terms of divestitures and mix and other factors, but when you strip away some of the non-recurring contributors like data center consolidation, expense efficiency, has your underlying operating leverage kind of improved relative to when you last gave that sort of long term guidance, just due to mix and divestitures and other factors? I mean, could we be looking at margin outperformance kind of in the out years relative to that guide or really what's driving our performance sort of non-recurring factors at this point?
Woody Woodall: Yeah. I think the quality of the assets at this point is better than it was when we’ve talked about things in May last year. So to your point, I think you could see us driving midpoint or higher on that margin, even in the out years once we get past data center consolidation. So yeah, I think it is an improved cost efficiency and business mix that we have that’s an ongoing benefit.
Gary Norcross: Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We’re pleased to deliver another year of strong revenue, profitability performance and earnings growth. We have a robust pipeline heading into 2019 with positive sales momentum. Combined with our business model and consistent execution of our strategy, we're confident that we are paving the way for a successful 2019 and beyond. I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on and trust us to keep their businesses running and growing every day and I’d like to thank our leaders and employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. It's because of both that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And today's conference will be made available for replay after 11 o'clock this morning and running through Tuesday, February 26th at midnight. You can access AT&T teleconference playback service by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 462122. International participants may dial 1320-365-3844. Those numbers again 1800-475-6701 or 1320-365-3844 with the access code 462122. This does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
Analysts: David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the FIS Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to our first speaker, Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead.
Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Ryan. Good morning, everyone and welcome to FIS's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Turning to slide 2; Gary Norcross, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer will begin today's call with company highlights for the quarter; Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer will continue with the financial results. This conference call is also being webcast with today's news release and corresponding presentation available on our website at fisglobal.com. Moving to slide 3, today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as required by law. I refer you to the safe harbor language on the slide. The materials presented today will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide a more meaningful comparison between the periods presented. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the Appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. Turning to slide 4, it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Gary to discuss the business highlights for the third quarter. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Pete. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to announce that FIS delivered strong results again this quarter, delivering 4% organic growth. Our sales pipeline and revenue backlog are strong and continue to grow. These are positive signals that our clients are continuing to invest for the future. Growth in the quarter was driven by strong sales over the prior three quarters as well as exceptional operational execution. The continued expansion of existing client relationships, growth of our clients through higher volumes of transactions and accounts and new client logos builds on our positive momentum as we near the end of the year. We continue to be pleased by the accelerating market momentum globally for our mission-critical products and services. Turning to slide 5 for key themes, in the year, we continued to make strong progress executing against our modernization and market expansion strategies, which we have shared throughout the year. Our focused investment in our enterprise DIGITAL ONE platform brings modern, best-in-class capabilities to both self-service channels such as mobile, lab and tablet to banker-assisted channels like branch systems, teller, kiosk, call center and back office. Its new architecture and design provides a clear path to a modern banking experience for financial institutions around the world and allows us to expand our reach into new markets. DIGITAL ONE has already had early success throughout 2018 in the large regional and direct bank market in the U.S. We are excited about this solution making an even broader impact to financial institutions and credit unions for the remainder of the year and throughout 2019. Similarly, our investments into more modern payment loyalty solutions are seeing strong demand with solid end quarter results. These solutions are also opening new markets globally to FIS. Additionally, through our modernization focus, we continue to successfully execute on our data center consolidation strategy and expect to run more than 50% of our production workloads in our private cloud by year-end. This data center strategy is not only driving higher availability for our clients, but we're also seeing the significant cost savings flow through our results, in line with our projections during our May investor update. Based on these comprehensive modernization programs along with other initiatives, we will continue to drive long-term scalability, growth and resiliency for FIS. As a result, we are confident that we will exit 2018 with a solid foundation that positions us well for success in 2019 and beyond. Turning to our segments, Integrated Financial Solutions drove another strong quarter of organic growth and margin expansion. Exceeding our expectations, these results were underpinned by increased transaction and processing volumes and as mentioned robust year-to-date sales. Demand for our retail banking, digital, wealth and payments businesses remained strong in the quarter as our clients continued to seek more efficient and modern ways to run their operations, grow their businesses and connect with their customers across digital channels. I'd like to share a few client highlights across our broad financial services portfolio. In a competitive core takeaway deal, a fast-growing Texas-based community bank chose FIS as its core banking platform to support its strategy to outpace its competitors, while growing and expanding into new markets. This multi-year deal also includes a full suite of ancillary solutions including debit and image processing, fraud and new digital banking and payments capabilities, providing the bank with advanced operating efficiencies and a more modern user experience for its customers. In addition, a global energy giant is modernizing the way it engages with customers by deploying our digital payment loyalty solution. This innovative solution enables customers to redeem earned rewards at the pump and within stores using their mobile phones. With this new deployment, the growing FIS Premium Payback redemption network now supports millions of consumers across more than 24,000 U.S. fuel stations. Finally, as an example of our success in cross-selling, the depth and breadth of our solutions portfolio, a top 20 retirement plan sponsor expanded its relationships with us by selecting an outsourced FIS wealth solution to reduce its operational cost, improve servicing. This new win enables the organization to increase operational efficiencies by replacing three existing solutions with a single hosted retirement plan administration solution for its entire defined contribution retirement business. As we look across the IFS spending environment, it remains robust with strong sales forecast for Q4. We continue to build on these positive results established over the last several quarters creating momentum into 2019. As expected, results for our Global Financial Solutions segment rebounded in the quarter with notably strong growth for our banking and payment solutions. Also as expected, our institutional and wholesale businesses had a nice rebound over Q2. We continue to expand our leadership position in the direct bank market and have become the de facto partner of choice for institutions looking to increase deposits through direct bank offerings. For example, our enterprise DIGITAL ONE solution that I referenced earlier is powering the recently launched direct bank offering for a top 25 financial institution joining the ranks of direct banks running on FIS technology. Another top 100 bank also selected DIGITAL ONE in the quarter to power its branch transformation strategy. Also, as you saw after a ten-year partnership, we recently announced winding down our Brazilian joint venture. The JV was an exceptional entry point to the highly attractive Latin America payments market. Moving forward, we have the intellectual property, talent and infrastructure to effectively expand our commercial relationship for Bradesco and more importantly, we are well positioned to gain new clients in the Latin America region. Based on our discussions in Brazil, we see the recent election as a positive to our continued long-term business expansion in the country. As you are aware, FIS has completed several strategic divestitures since acquiring SunGard over three years ago. The JV transaction will complete our plan to divest businesses and allow us to offer our most focused mission-critical portfolio to-date as we plan for 2019. Looking at other international regions, we continue to gain market share and are successfully capitalizing on increasing demand for our solutions. For example, a large European payments processor became a new FIS client this quarter by entering into a multi-year debit and prepaid processing agreement. As with many of our European clients, this partnership supports the organization's strategy to more efficiently comply with the increasing demands of the European regulatory landscape. In summary, the spend environment in our GFS segment remains strong. Our solid pipeline and sales forecast points to a strong Q4, therefore giving us confidence in our full-year results as well as creating strong momentum into 2019. Turning to slide 6, overall, we continued to drive solid momentum and are making very good progress on executing our strategy that will drive long-term transformational results for us and our clients including focusing our investments and accelerating our initiatives to provide the most modern solution set in the industry, remaining on track with our data center consolidation and cloud strategy, and continually driving increased efficiency within our operations. This focused execution of our strategy has been a pervasive hallmark of our success. This month, we celebrated our 50th anniversary, a very impressive milestone for the fast-moving FinTech industry. Our 52,000 employees shared in this achievement through celebrations in more than 70 of our worldwide locations. One of our core tenets is giving back and our employees participated in activities supporting the communities where we live and work. While our employees enjoy looking back at where we have come, they are even more energized on how we will continue to evolve FIS and remain on the forefront of solving for the future of our industry for the next 50 years. Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter. Woody?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks Gary. I'll begin with slide 8 with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter. In the third quarter, revenue increased 4% to $2.1 billion on an organic basis and adjusted EBITDA increased 7.6% to $808 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 290 basis points to 38.7% for the quarter. Adjusted net earnings was $438 million and adjusted earnings per share increased 13.7% to $1.33 per share compared to $1.17 per share in the prior-year quarter. For the first nine months of the year, revenue increased 2.7% on an organic basis to $6.3 billion and adjusted EBITDA grew 4.9% to $2.3 billion. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 310 basis points to 36.3%. Adjusted earnings per share grew 19.7% to $3.64 per share. Moving to slide 9, in the third quarter, IFS revenue grew a healthy 5.6% on an organic basis and EBITDA grew 5.9% to $496 million versus $469 million in the prior-year quarter. EBITDA margins expanded 30 basis points to 45.5%. For the first nine months of the year, revenue increased 4.3% on an organic basis and adjusted EBITDA grew to $1.4 billion, a 4.8% increase compared to the prior-year period. Turning to slide 10, banking and wealth grew 5.2% for the quarter. This strong performance was driven by growth in our community bank channels as well as continuing demand for our outsourced wealth solutions. Payments grew a robust 7%. As Gary mentioned, we are seeing interest and demand in our innovative solutions. These market-differentiating solutions were called out at our Investor Day in May and they continue to gain traction in the market. Performance was also enhanced by increasing transaction volumes in our debit and fraud solutions. Term fees were $21 million for the quarter versus $18 million in the prior-year period. We still anticipate full year term fees to be relatively flat compared to the prior year and they make up less than 1% of total FIS annual revenue. As Gary mentioned, we're very pleased with the revenue growth year-to-date for this segment and market demand remains healthy. Turning to slide 11, as expected, GFS returned to growth during the quarter and grew 2.5% on an organic basis. EBITDA increased 5.2% to $355 million. Margins expanded 420 basis points to 38.7%, reflecting a positive revenue mix. For the first nine months of the year, revenue increased 1.6% organically. Adjusted EBITDA grew to $973 million, a 3.5% increase compared to the prior-year period. This represents 480 basis points of margin expansion to 35.5%. Moving to slide 12, our institutional and wholesale business rebounded from the second quarter and grew 1.1%. We continue to anticipate improved growth in the fourth quarter. Banking and payments grew 4.4%, reflecting strength in demand in North America for our digital suite of solutions as well as payments growth in Latin America. Moving to slide 13, Corporate and Other revenue increased 1.2% on an organic basis to $79 million. As previously mentioned, we expected the top line headwind to subside in the second half of 2018. Going forward, we do not anticipate this segment to be a headwind to consolidated top line growth. The Corporate and Other segment results included $55 million of corporate expenses for the quarter compared to $75 million in the prior-year period. This reduction was partially driven by benefits from the acceleration of our data center consolidation program. Moving forward, these ongoing incremental cost savings will positively impact the margin profile of the IFS and GFS segments, and our corporate expense will revert to historical levels. Moving to slide 14, free cash flow for the quarter was $356 million. As you'll recall last year, free cash flow was benefited by approximately $50 million related to a delay in tax payments due to Hurricane Irma. This year, there was no deferral and therefore taxes were paid in the normal course of business. We're also making some modest working capital investments to support growth initiatives and we're seeing higher sales commissions. Both of these impact near-term cash flow, but will support longer-term revenue and profit growth. Debt outstanding as of September 30 was $9 billion with a weighted average interest rate of 3.5%. Approximately, 95% of our debt outstanding is at fixed interest rates, which provides stability in a rising interest rate environment. During the third quarter, we returned $570 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks. We paid $105 million in dividends and repurchased 4.3 million shares. Through the end of September, we have repurchased 10.5 million shares for $1.1 billion. We have $2.8 billion remaining on our existing share repurchase authorization. Our weighted average diluted share count was 331 million at the end of the quarter and our basic share count was 328 million. We continue to see strong sales results, which have contributed to an increase of $400 million to our backlog compared to the prior year. Before I move onto guidance, I wanted to spend a few minutes discussing some recent transactions, and our expectations for foreign currency impact for the remainder of the year. First, we divested our Certegy Check Services business on August 31, which was reported in our Corporate and Other segment. This transaction reduced Q3 EPS by $0.01. And for the fourth quarter, we expected this business to contribute $0.02 of EPS and a little over $20 million of revenue. Annually, this business would have contributed approximately $80 million of revenue and $0.06 of EPS in 2018. We also began the process to unwind our joint venture in Brazil. Currently, we anticipate the transaction to close no later than the end of the second quarter of 2019. Upon closing, this will enable us to serve our clients in Brazil on a direct basis. In addition, this positions us to more effectively compete in this very attractive market as a fully independent third-party payment processor. This transaction does not have an impact to 2018 adjusted results and will have no meaningful impact to the medium-term outlook we provided in May. The unwinding of our joint venture, in addition to the announced divestitures, leaves us with the most focused set of assets serving the financial services industry. As Gary mentioned, we do not anticipate further divestitures. Finally, given the current expectations of foreign exchange rates, we anticipate FX to negatively impact our fourth quarter top line by approximately $45 million and EPS by about $0.01. Moving to slide 15, this morning, we refined our full year consolidated revenue growth guidance to approximately 3%. We now also expect IFS organic revenue growth to be approximately 4% and GFS organic revenue growth to be approximately 3%. Adjusted EBITDA margin outlook remains at approximately 37% for the full year. And finally, we're tightening our full year EPS range. For the full year, we now expect adjusted EPS to be $5.20 per share to $5.24 per share, representing 22% to 23% growth. Moving to slide 16, we will continue to leverage our market leadership to produce predictable top line growth, exceptional margin expansion, double-digit EPS growth, and strong cash flows. These strengths allow us to invest for the future growth and return value to our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Okay. Our first question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, David.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, David.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: It looks like for 2018, your revenue growth for IFS and GFS will actually be sort of the mirror opposite of what is in your long-term guidance, which has GFS growing significantly higher than IFS. So, my question is, is this more of a 2018 phenomenon really driven by higher bank IT spending? Or do you think this is more sustainable where the higher margin IFS business can outgrow GFS in 2019 as well?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. No, it's great question, David. We're coming off of three really good quarters of sales in IFS. You're seeing that flow through toward the organic growth rates. Frankly as Woody and I both talked about, Q3 exceeded our expectations. We're looking at a strong Q4. So from a sales perspective, and confident going in (19:43) 2019. So, I do think the fundamental spending environment has improved across our regional and community banks. And we're certainly seeing stronger demand for our solutions given the fact that we're focused on our modernization strategy, movement into the cloud, the new DIGITAL ONE announcement. We're actually pretty excited that IFS will continue strong growth rates into 2019.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. And just as a quick follow-up, your long-term guide called for 75 basis points to 125 basis points of average annual EBITDA margin expansion. Do you expect to be on that trajectory in 2019?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think, David, we don't have any broad change to the mid-term guidance we outlined in May and we believe we'll absolutely be in that level of margin expansion in 2019.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: In fact, you're really seeing some great traction and pull-through with our data center consolidation. So, you're starting to see those numbers drop to the bottom-line, which is a great positive. So, we're actually very confident in our guide on continued margin expansion going forward.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. Thank you very much.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys. Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Hi, Dave.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah, nice re-acceleration in GFS.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. I guess, first of all, when we think of GFS, I think, you imply now about 7% or so growth in Q4 to get to that 3% for the year. But I guess I'm kind of wondering as we look into next year now because 2018 had a lot of lumpiness because of license and ASC 606, is next year going to be a smoother trajectory to kind of normal growth all through the year? I guess those couple of questions first.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think as you remember, we talked about some lumpiness because of the adoption of ASC 606 in 2018. Our expectation in 2019 is a smoother alignment. Although you may have some renewals in a particular quarter versus another, but we don't expect the level of movement that we had because of the adoption of ASC 606. As you remember, we are looking at a robust fourth quarter growth rate to get to the range we talked about. But we anticipate at least a few points out of the shoot (22:17) just from the adoption of ASC 606, and then the remainder of the organic growth to be driven through a robust pipeline and good solid license sales that we anticipate in the fourth quarter. But I think going back to your original question, we do anticipate less lumpiness in 2019 than we had this year.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. And Dave, I just want to remind you Q4 is always a big quarter for the GFS business. It's just cyclically always a quarter in which there's a lot of decisions made by the Tier 1s around the globe. And frankly, they're cleaning out their budgets for the year they're in and preparing for their implementation of their big programs starting in the next year. So even as Woody described, the smoothing out at some in next year, you'll still see Q4 as a big year next year.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then I guess, secondly on the JV change, how does that affect kind of annualized revenue and margins? And is that going to be included kind of in your margin expansion, if it doesn't have an EPS impact, but it takes revenue down, that would seemingly help your margins.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: It's a great question, Dave. I'm going to give you some color around the JV itself. We put out a press release that had roughly an annualized impact to reported revenue of about $200 million. First, while we consolidate the JV, we only own 51% of the economics, Bradesco owns the other 49%. And after we closed the transaction, we'll remove ourselves from some low margin call center operations and some low margin, almost no margin, pass-through revenues from a third-party vendor. The combination of those and removing the minority interest is why we anticipate really no impact on EPS, but it will impact reported revenue some. All those collectively will help our margin profile in 2019.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: And to build on that, Dave, I mean one of the things that's exciting about this as we've talked about in the past, it was a great partnership that allowed us to really penetrate the high growth market of Brazil. But now that the fact that we're going to be independent, we've got a great commercial arrangement going forward with Bradesco, but it really does allow us now to fill the full capabilities of FIS, not only in Brazil, but the broader Latin America market. So, we're pretty bullish on our opportunities down there in the future given the fact that we've now unwound the JV. In the past, we had prospects that really didn't want to enter the JV because of the Bradesco ownership. So, now all that goes away as a barrier for our sales going forward. So, it's a great outcome for us.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Sounds great. Thanks guys. Nice job.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens. One moment please. Okay, Mr. Huff your line is open.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, Brett.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, Brett.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Congrats on the results. One question, Gary, you talked about the modernization progress you guys are doing, so less a numbers question. I know that you've talked about modularizing your cores, customizing sort of the front UIs, and then trying to make, sort of, I guess a – I don't know – a manufacturing or infrastructure that kind of works across all those. Can you give us a more specific update on that? Number one. And then kind of related to that, do we have any implementations of some of those new modules? And how is the conversation going with some of those mid and larger banks in terms of are they buying into this thesis that you guys have?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. No, Brad, it's a great question. As we talked about we're very far down the path of our modernization transformation and it really spans from the technology side, so data center consolidation. As you're aware, we're wrapping up year three of a five-year journey. You're seeing great outcome from the operating savings. We'll have $100 million in run rate by the end of this year. We'll have $250 million by the end of year five, and we'll have over 50% of our production compute in the cloud by the end of this year. So, great progress and being very well received. And that's not just cloud-based deployment that's modernizing our network, modernizing our infrastructure, using artificial intelligence, et cetera, through the whole process of delivery, so that's going very well. I highlighted a number of key wins on our more modern digital omni-channel platform that we're able to deploy globally across any and all financial institutions. I highlighted a number of DIGITAL ONE wins in the quarter. We've had quite a bit of success with that solution throughout the year, not only with sales but also going live in production on a true – the true future of where we see both the assisted and unassisted. From a core modernization standpoint, we have had great progress on that development and a number of key wins this year in the market, and a lot of traction in the larger financial institutions. We're deploying those components under our brand Profile 8, which is the next generation of our Profile suite. But we're also now consuming those components in a number of our regional and community bank cores as well. So, all of that combined we feel really good about the retail banking side, and what we're doing. I also highlighted a number of key wins with our modernization effort around payments. You're starting to see some traction in our payments growth. A lot of that is next generation technologies that we're starting to deploy and gain traction. I highlighted the example with the U.S. fuel stations, and that success. We're also seeing and we highlighted several wins – significant win in Europe where our PaaS product, Payment as a Service product is gaining a lot of success. We've now had three wins there. And then on the institutional and wholesale side, doing a number of key modernization efforts around some of our SunGard assets. So, long-winded answer to we have a lot of traction across this and it really is starting to resonate with our client base.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And just the quick follow-up is on M&A, I think Woody you said, if I heard you right, it sounds like post the Check business, congrats on that sale, it seems like we've trimmed most of what we want to trim and feel pretty good about our portfolio. And if that's the case as we look forward on – now that our balance sheet is in pretty good shape, what are we thinking about from an M&A point of view maybe even as some of the valuations have come in with this market turnaround?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. With regard to the first question, I think, that's right. We're about as clean and focused as we can and we have been since I've been with the company for 10 years. Feel very good about where we're at in terms of the amount of technology and software-related mission-critical-related applications that are in the portfolio, and things that we've pruned off over the last few years. With regard to future M&A, I think, it's the same philosophy that we've always had. We try to find things that are good strategic fits that increase our capabilities in markets that we serve or break us into new markets and they also have to make sure they make good financial sense and drive solid returns to our shareholders. I don't think that's changed very much. We continue to watch the market dynamics as everyone does. But we're always keeping an eye out for what's going on out there.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Brett.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Congrats on the quarter and the acceleration in the organic growth, nice to see.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, George.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Wanted to ask on the IFS strength, specifically, within the payments division, that obviously accelerated significantly from the first half of the year. Is that one or two deals that are kind of dropping in now, and really pushing that growth rate, or is it more broad-based? And then, related to that you talked about stronger market and also some competitive takeaways. Is there a way to kind of gauge the strength between those two or sort of break it down between those two drivers?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I would think – I would say it's a combination of both, George. The nice thing about the IFS business is, it's got a very diversified client base. And so the acceleration in payments, you're seeing that from economic indicators, you're seeing increased volume, especially around credit, debit and our network businesses. So we saw nice volume increases across the quarter, which obviously contribute to our organic growth. But the team has also done a very nice job over the last three quarters, selling some nice payment sales and you're seeing the team get those onboarded and starting to gain traction as well. So it's really a combination of market dynamics as well as sales dynamics, both contributing to an accelerated growth rate. Across IFS, it was a very clean quarter. And if you look, we're encouraged about what we're seeing in that market, what we're seeing in the sales force, taking market share and the growth across it. So I think there's a lot of good indicators that make us excited for not only the rest of the year, but into 2019.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I'll follow on to that too. I mean, we had robust growth in payments. I think, it's an indicator that the investments we've been making over the past few years are actually paying dividends now. And we continue to anticipate robust growth in payments going into Q4.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. That's great to hear. And then, not sure if I missed it, but the outsized margin expansion in GFS that you saw this quarter, what were sort of the key drivers of that?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: You got a couple of things. We continue to monitor costs, no doubt about it. We've got some absence of lower margin business from divestitures that we made in the prior year.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Right.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: And we've seen some of the data center consolidation efforts flowing through to the margin health within that business.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, George.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Sorry about that. I was wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the M&A landscape among your bank partners. Clearly, we've seen a little bit more elevated M&A in the space, maybe not to the lower end of the market. Maybe talk about what you're seeing and how you expect that is going to potentially impact your growth rate going into next year?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. It's a good question, Jim. We're seeing a pretty consistent trend across M&A. Woody highlighted the term fees in Q3 pretty much in alignment. You can almost use that as a proxy for M&A activity pretty much in alignment over last year and looks like they'll be down a little bit in Q4 based on where we sit which makes us come in flat year-over-year. Yeah. There's a lot of discussion going on I would say it that way. But those discussions and frankly decisions have been fairly consistent over the years. There's some indication as we've raised the SIFI limit that we might see more activity in the larger bank space. But I'd also come back and say valuations are high in the markets. And so the good news about FIS is we've got very strong positioning in the large bank market. And typically we're the net benefactor as our customers are buying other clients and driving scale. And then as even in the smaller bank markets as banks grow into the larger bank space, they tend to look to FIS to really drive their capabilities necessary to compete at that level. So long-winded answer to not seeing a lot of change, but it's something that we monitor very closely.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful color. Thanks. And then maybe just as a follow-up, at a macro level, you clearly highlighted that IFS is coming on a little bit above plan because of the strong sales in the IT spending backdrop. What's your client conversations look like in terms of their expectations for 2019 spending? And directionally whether that's going to be quite as strong as it was this year?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, right now, all we can look to is what Q4 looks like. As I highlighted in my prepared remarks, it looks like we're going to have a strong sales quarter in Q4. And I will remind everybody as we onboard these sales, you need to look that those are – that's going to drive organic growth 9 and 12 months out, all right? Because it takes time to not only sell the solution, it takes time to implement it. And I'd also highlight that our pipeline continues to be highly qualified and robust in the IFS segment, so that gives us confidence as we look into 2019. I think a lot of our clients as interest rates continue to rise, their net interest margin continues to spread and they're more bullish on spending on some programs that they've held back. There's also a real need to modernize these platforms and FIS is certainly leading the way in that category. The benefits to cloud computing drives, the benefits to omni-channel deployment, next-generation components, payments, and institutional wholesale are really resonating across those client bases. So we feel good about 2019 as it sits today given the size of the qualified pipeline and the activities we're having in the sales channel.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Chris Shutler with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey guys, good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Could you just talk about the free cash conversion? When we quantify, it provides more details on the two impacts that you called out, Woody, working capital investment and higher sales commissions. And then is there any update on free cash flow guidance for the year or beyond?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. If you look at the free cash flow again we're trying to highlight year-over-year, we had a benefit in Q3 2017 of roughly $50 million. That would get you to about flat year-to-year. We have had some modest investment in working capital to support the growth primarily in the payments area. And we've had some higher sales commissions this year that frankly we're happy to pay. If you look back we've been trying to increase the percentage of revenue conversion into free cash flow if you go back to 2014 that was roughly 14% conversion of free cash flow from revenue. And we are looking to be very close to 20% this year, and we want to continue to drive growth in that revenue to free cash flow conversion at or above 20% going forward. So that's where we're at on the free cash flow comment.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Do you still expect it to be north of 100% of adjusted net income going forward?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I would anticipate it to be roughly 100% this year. And then would continue to think it could be 100% to 110% on a go-forward basis.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. And just my follow-up would just be on the sales commentary. Great to hear that, that's solid. I know you don't quantify the retention rate type of comment. But can you give us some comments at least qualitatively on dollar retention rates? Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. From a retention standpoint we continue to do very well, not only taking share with new wins. Obviously, on this call, we highlighted a lot of new wins. But I would tell you our renewal rates continue to be in line with historicals and we're very pleased with the retention rates that the team is executing on. That's a great opportunity for us during the renewal cycle to cross-sell and up-sell our new capabilities, to really communicate our modernization story, help push people to the cloud and also gain the benefits of many of the next-generation technologies we've talked on the call.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you. Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We are pleased with our year-to-date results and are confident that this positive momentum is paving the way for a successful 2019 and beyond. In closing, I'd like to reinforce our core fundamentals. We have a proven market leadership position driving continuous innovation for modernization and improving our capabilities. We are serving healthy and improving market segments and have very strong financial fundamentals with a proven track record of generating shareholder returns. And we believe our business continues to have a compelling investment thesis and we look forward to delivering on our commitments. I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on us to keep their businesses running and growing every day. The successful partnership between our clients, leaders and employees enables FIS to continue to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, today's conference was recorded and is available for replay starting at 11:00 A.M. Eastern today and going through November 13 at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 455360. Those numbers again, 1-800-475-6701 with the access code 455360. That does conclude today's conference. I want to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
Analysts: David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC Arvind Anil Ramnani - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the FIS Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. The instructions will be given at that time. And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to our host, Mr. Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead, sir.
Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Brad. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FIS' second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Turning to slide 2; Gary Norcross, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, will begin today's call with company highlights for the quarter. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results. This conference call is also being webcast, with today's news release and corresponding presentation available on our website at fisglobal.com. Turning to slide 3, today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. I refer you to the Safe Harbor language on the slide. The materials presented today will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided as attachments to the press release and in the Appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. Turning to slide 4, it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Gary to discuss the business highlights for the quarter. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Pete. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I am pleased to announce today that FIS delivered another solid quarter with results in line with our expectations. We continue to see strong client engagement around investing for the future, signaling increasing demand for our solutions. Sales momentum continues to be strong with a solid pipeline and growth in our revenue backlog. Our strong first half results, combined with our visibility into the second half of the year, and accelerated growth in our Integrated Financial Solutions segment, allows us to raise our EPS guidance for the second quarter in a row and push our EBITDA margin to the high end of the range for the full-year. Woody will provide more financial details in his remarks. We continue to make solid progress towards our data center consolidation, solution modernization, and other operating efficiency initiatives. These programs will drive long-term operating results, scalability, growth, and resiliency. Turning to slide 5, key themes in the quarter focus on improving sales, strengthening pipeline, and continued trends towards outsourcing. Turning to our segment results, our Integrated Financial Solutions segment saw another strong quarter of organic growth with accelerated growth sequentially. As expected, we saw a nice rebound in our payments business, while demand remains strong for our retail banking, wealth, and digital solutions. Processing volumes also accelerated across the segment. As an example of key wins in the quarter, in a competitive core takeaway deal, a mid-tier commercial bank based in the Midwest chose FIS for our advanced core banking solution to support its long-term growth. This is significant, because our client was being acquired and the acquiring bank chose to convert to FIS solutions, given the strength of the overall solution suite. This example continues to underscore FIS' strength in the large complex banking sector. Additionally, we won an exciting contract to significantly expand our work with a leading provider of tax preparation solutions, making us the company's exclusive IRS payment provider for taxpayers. Finally, and showcasing the strength of our solution scale, a $20 billion financial institution expanded their existing relationship with us by converting to a new FIS core banking platform, which includes new digital channels, a full data conversion, and numerous back office solutions, including item processing, electronic funds transfer, and output solutions. This deployment occurred over a single week and with flawless execution and seamless onboarding. As we discussed on our last call, the IFS spend environment remains robust. We continue to build on the positive sales results established over the last several quarters, creating momentum into the back half of 2018 and into 2019. In our Global Financial Solutions segment, these results reflect a large grow over in license fees in 2017. They also reflect a continued swing towards long-term processing agreements instead of on-premise licenses. This swing to outsourcing is a very good outcome for the business, driving much higher revenue predictability in the future. We continue to be pleased with the transformation of this business, which over time will evolve to operate more like our IFS segment. Based on the quality and breadth of our solutions, coupled with continued strong demand, we believe we are well-positioned to take advantage of this trend. For example, a large regional bank expanded its relationship with FIS by signing a new agreement for a hosted solution to help the bank real-time payments and connect to The Clearing House real-time payments network. As announced earlier this quarter, we now provide certification services for all financial institutions that want to participate in these real-time services. A second North American institution is leveraging the power of FIS to launch its new direct bank. This FIS hosted offering is leveraging end-to-end solutions from our entire portfolio, including digital banking and component-based core processing. This new direct bank continues our leadership role in launching direct banks across North America. We also expanded our relationship with the global investment bank by providing outsourced risk and compliance solutions for its listed and cleared over-the-counter business. As a final example, in the UK, a financial services company recently became our first client to go live on our cloud-based Payments-as-a-Service offering. This innovative API solution enables the market to digitally offer any payment type to their customers, including new faster payments, as well as traditional payments, such as wires and ACH. Given the current pipeline and sales success in the first half of the year, we expect GFS to drive stronger growth during the back half of 2018. Turning to slide 6, overall we continue to drive solid momentum and are making very good progress on executing our strategy that will drive long-term transformational results for us and our clients. We outlined a number of these actions for you at our Investor Day in May, including focusing our investments in accelerating our initiatives to provide the most modern solution set in the industry, remaining on track to operate more than 50% of our technology solutions within our private cloud by the end of the year, and continuing driving increased efficiencies within our operations. We just completed four large events hosting thousands of clients from North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. Our continuous focus on modernization and value-added solution integration aligns with client demand and has been at the forefront of our sales success and growing pipeline throughout the year. We are pleased that our clients are enthusiastic about our strategic focus areas and the benefits they will bring to their organizations. We also just completed our third annual FinTech Accelerator program, which was again focused on sponsoring and shaping high potential FinTech start-ups. This program, which has been extended for another year, is solid proof of our innovation strategy in action. Client feedback across all these events, coupled with our first half results, underscores confidence in our strategy and investment decisions, and gives us clear line of sight into our ability to deliver on our goals, which are to drive long-term growth through innovation, increase sales through solution differentiation, and continue to build our global scale. We remain very confident in the value we are delivering for our clients and believe that the value will continue to translate into consistent and profitable results and strong returns for our shareholders. Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on slide 8 with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter. In the second quarter, revenue increased 1% to $2.1 billion on an organic basis and adjusted EBITDA increased 1% to $757 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 260 basis points to 35.9% for the quarter. Excluding divestitures, EBITDA would have grown 2.5% and margins would have expanded approximately 60 basis points. Adjusted net earnings was $408 million and adjusted earnings per share increased 18.3% to $1.23 per share compared to $1.04 per share in the prior-year quarter. For the first half of the year, revenue increased 2% on an organic basis to $4.2 billion, and adjusted EBITDA grew 3.5% to $1.5 billion. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 300 basis points to 35%. Excluding divestitures, EBITDA would have grown 5.6% and margins would've expanded approximately 100 basis points. Adjusted earnings per share grew 24.2% to $2.31 per share. Moving to slide 9, in the second quarter, IFS revenue grew a healthy 4.3% on an organic basis. EBITDA grew 5.6% to $492 million versus $466 million in the prior-year quarter. EBITDA margins expanded 90 basis points to 43.8%, driven primarily by operating leverage on revenue growth and cost efficiencies. For the first half of the year, revenue increased 3.7% on an organic basis and adjusted EBITDA grew to $943 million, a 4.2% increase compared to the prior-year period. Turning to slide 10, banking and wealth grew 5.1% for the quarter. The strong performance was driven primarily by wealth and output solutions, as well as an overall increase in processing volumes. As expected, payments rebounded in the quarter and grew 2%. As we discussed on our last call, we're seeing increasing transaction volumes in our debit and fraud solutions. This growth was also driven by growing demand in our market-differentiating loyalty solutions. Corporate and digital grew 6.5% in the quarter, with strong growth in both groups. Term fees were $19 million in the quarter versus $11 million in the prior-year period. We still anticipate full year term fees to be relatively flat compared to the prior year. As Gary expressed, we're very pleased with the IFS performance for the first half of the year. Turning to slide 11, in the second quarter, GFS revenue declined 3% an organic basis. EBITDA declined 7.5% to $314 million, primarily as a result of divestitures. These divestitures enabled margin expansion of 370 basis points to 34.9%. For the first half of the year, revenue increased 1.1% organically; adjusted EBITDA grew to $618 million, a 2.5% increase compared to the prior-year period. This represents 500 basis points of margin expansion to 33.9%. As previously discussed in February and May, GFS growth for the first half of the year was impacted by the known timing of natural license renewal due to the adoption of ASC 606. Consistent with this messaging, we still anticipate second half acceleration for the segment. Moving to slide 12, for the quarter, our institution and wholesale business declined 5.1%, primarily driven by lower license revenue recognition. Banking and payments was flat, with increased transaction growth in our payments group, offset by lower license revenue in our banking solutions. We are seeing an acceleration in demand for our outsourced processing arrangements versus upfront license sales, while this trend creates a short-term top line headwind and improves the long-term recurring revenue base and is a positive from a business perspective, as our GFS segment continues to operate more like our IFS segment. We are pleased with this market trend, which creates higher predictability for our GFS segment. As a proof point of this positive trend, for the first six months of the year recurring revenue increased to about 75% from approximately 70% in the prior year. Moving to slide 13, Corporate and Other revenue in the second quarter was $84 million with an EBITDA loss of $49 million. The Corporate and Other segment results include $62 million of corporate expenses for the quarter compared to $75 million in the prior-year period. This represents a 17% reduction in corporate expenses, primarily driven by results from our data center consolidation program and ongoing cost management efforts. Moving to slide 14, free cash flow for the quarter was about $350 million and we still expect free cash flow conversion of approximately 110% for the year. Debt outstanding as of June 30 was approximately $8.9 billion, with the weighted average interest rate of 3.5%. 95% of our outstanding debt is at fixed interest rates. During the second quarter, we returned $305 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks. We paid $105 million in dividends and repurchased 2.1 million shares. Through the end of July, we have repurchased 8.1 million shares for approximately $800 million year-to-date at a weighted average price of $99.45 per share. We have approximately $3.1 billion remaining of our existing share repurchase authorization. Our weighted average diluted share count was 333 million at the end of the quarter, and our basic share count was 329 million. Last quarter, we began to disclose our backlog in our public filings and we'll continue to do so. For the last few quarters, we have discussed strong sales results. These have contributed to an increase of approximately $500 million to our backlog compared to the prior year. Before I move to a review of our guidance, I wanted to give an update on FX. Since our last call, the dollar has strengthened, especially against the Brazilian real, which created an $18 million top line headwind in the second quarter compared to our expectations in May. Through the end of July, this trend has continued. For the last six months of the year, we currently anticipate a negative revenue impact of about $40 million due to FX. To help with modeling, we expect the third quarter to be impacted slightly more by this headwind than the fourth quarter. We still believe the impact to earnings per share is immaterial. Moving to slide 15, this morning we reiterated our full year consolidated revenue growth guidance of 2.5% to 3.5% with a 1 point shift from GFS to IFS. We now expect both, IFS and GFS, to grow 3% to 4% organically. This 1 point shift from GFS to IFS was driven primarily by the previously discussed increase in volumes and demand in our IFS segment and an acceleration in market trends from upfront license to outsourcing agreements in our GFS segment, both of which we believe are positive backdrop for each segment. We're also guiding EBITDA margins to the high end of our prior range, or approximately 37%. And finally, primarily driven by the increased margin profile of our business, we are increasing the bottom end of the EPS range by $0.04. For the full year, we now expect adjusted EPS to be $5.18 to $5.34 per share, representing 21% to 25% growth. Before I conclude my remarks, I'd like to provide a little color on EPS for the remainder of the year. Compared to our expectations, consensus estimates are too high in the third quarter by roughly $0.05 and too low in the fourth quarter. Moving to slide 16, we will continue to leverage our market leadership to produce predictable top line growth, exceptional margin expansion, double-digit EPS growth, and strong cash flows. These strengths allow us to invest for the future growth and return value to our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go to the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Hey, Dave.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys. So first of all just on GFS, obviously, slowed in Q2 and that was as you expected, I think, due to timing. But the shift to more outsourced long term, high margin relationships, that takes a little time to go through. So, I guess, I'm just wondering the back half, you're expecting 4% to 6% growth I think in the back half. Is there anything different in Q3 and Q4, and why such a quick kind of return from Q2?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think we tried to outline it both in February and May. The impact in quarter for Q2 and really first half for GFS around the recognition of renewals under ASC 606 impacted us. That trend reverses particularly in Q4 of this year, so we get a net tailwind in Q4. If you go back and look at the commentary from February, we tried to outline that and let you know this was coming. We're certainly seeing that in terms of the recognition of renewals just from adopting 606. To Gary's point, we did see some shift in upfront license to outsourcing. I think that trend will continue. I think it's probably accelerating a bit from our original expectation, but again that's a good long-term outlook.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. No, to build on that, Dave, you saw it in Woody's comments around the reoccurring revenue. You've seen GFS accelerate from 70% to 75% in reoccurring in a year, and this is just that trend that we've been signaling. But we've got a lot of our clients now not only looking to take advantage of our software, but how do we take advantage of FIS' processing ability and really lower their overall total cost. So it's a great outcome for the business, because over time you'll see GFS move more like an IFS number. Those margins will continue to accelerate as we get the economies out of – delivering that out of our data center environment. So it's a good long-term outcome for the segment.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. It seems great for margins over time.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: (00:18:46).
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. And, I guess, just a follow-up. So it sounds like if the back half in GFS – I think to get to guidance it has to be 4% to 6% – we should assume the lower part of that for Q3 and the higher part for Q4 based on what you just said, is that fair?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: That's exactly right said a different way. When we start October 1, we're looking at some growth just from re-recognition under 606. So that's exactly how we would think about it is Q4 being a little higher and Q3 being a little lower.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: But if you always look at the historical context of that business, Q4 has always been a big quarter...
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: ...in sales. And it's very traditional that our clients enter into agreements so they can kick off the new year with a big project or big program. And so, Q4 has always been a big quarter in that business specifically.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got you. Great, thanks. Great job.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: All right. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question will come from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning, Gary. Good morning, Woody.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, Dave.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Gary, you called for a turn in IT spending growth for banks in Q1, and it looks like this is the third consecutive quarter of strong bookings growth. Can you drill down a little bit into the areas of specific strength you're seeing in IFS? You called out digital, is that sort of online and mobile banking, payments? What are the key spending priorities?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. No, it really is. We're really feeling good about the IFS segment. Frankly, about in general IT spend across the entire sector, both IFS and GFS, we've seen three quarters in a row of strong sales across both segments, to your point. And specifically within IFS, we're seeing good sales really across several areas. Frankly, payments has been strong, but it's been more in adoption. So we're seeing accelerated volumes. We're seeing our sales success come across, frankly, next-generation core banking. We highlighted a number of those wins in the prepared remarks. We're also seeing strong embracement of digital channels, so mobile and, frankly, omni-channel, as we roll out our Digital One capabilities, which is really an omni-channel deployment across both the segments. We're seeing our clients clamor to that to try to take out cost out of their back office and actually also drive a better interaction with their customers. So it's really, Dave, across multiple product lines. I think it does show the strength of FIS' overall product portfolio, and that's also resonating. So we highlighted another big digital bank signing on with us. We've become pretty much the standard in digital bank deployment in North America. And, once again, that speed to market, that ability to drive a more open core componentized architecture with open APIs allows people to get quick to market. So we're pleased with the trends we're seeing across our sales channels.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. Thanks for that. Just as a quick follow-up. On GFS, particularly for the institutional wholesale business, if we strip out ASC 606 impacts, strip out the shift to outsourcing from software license, are there any underlying trends in terms of demand in I&W to call out after making those adjustments?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, it's interesting. We had a very strong sales quarter in I&W specifically. In fact, we've had three strong quarters in that. And from a sales standpoint, from a true new total contract value of our sales engine bringing it into the firm, we're ahead of where we were last year. And so we're feeling really good about the demand that we're finding for our products. When you really boil it down – we talked a lot about this in the SunGard acquisition. So if you back up, you remember, we saw an opportunity to actually put these products together and form more end-to-end solutions, and we're seeing a lot of success with that. I think that is also some of the things that's driving people wanting to take this software or this solution now as a service, because they're now entering into contracts with us where we'll take multiple products and really give an end-to-end total solution, and therefore drive it through our data centers. But the sales engine's operating very well in GFS and has consistently for the last year. And so we're pleased at the sales results for the first two quarters.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. Thank you very much.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Two questions. Number one, Woody, you mentioned, I think, in your comments that part of the margin expansion in IFS was from cost efficiencies. I think we're used to hearing that more on the GFS side, but wondered if is that a – is there a change that's gone on or is that just sort of normal matter of course, and it's finally just hitting the numbers. Or can you give us a little insight on that?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think if you go back to the dialogue we had at Investor Day around the data center consolidation and the early results around that, you heard some of that in my prepared remarks in corporate, we're certainly seeing that flow through IFS and GFS. The margin profile was definitely strong in IFS this quarter, and it was really clean. So I think you're seeing early results of that as we anticipated and we'll continue to see our ability to drive margins in that area. The other thing that we've talked about a number of times is just operating leverage within that business. As you see organic growth accelerating, like we have the last couple of quarters, the operating leverage really pushes to the bottom line and the profitability.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, I'm going to build on that a minute, Brett. As we talked about at Investor Day, by the end of this year we'll have $100 million in run rate out of operating savings just through data center consolidation. And by the time we're complete with that program in early 2021, we'll have $250 million of run rate. So, you're going to see – that's why we had so much confidence at Investor Day about the margin projections of this business going forward. We're really getting the benefits of this leverage. The team's working together very well. We've seen the operating leverage for years in the IFS. So by nature, as the business grows faster, you'll naturally see a higher contribution margin that will also pull those margins up.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then just one more detailed question on GFS. Thanks for the insight. I get that the 606 thing is, I think, going to impact folks maybe more than everybody thought. Were there a handful of deals that kind of swung that for the quarter, or was it kind of a gradual thing? Was there any sort of like trigger point that really made the difference in terms of changing your view on that guide?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: No, it's really around timing of renewals there. That was what we saw and we anticipated and tried to articulate to the market in February and May that we were going to see a low watermark in GFS in Q2. That's certainly come to fruition. We anticipate that to have the opposite effect in Q4 as we see the natural re-recognition of those renewals under 606. So said very clearly, we anticipated roughly a 1.5% to 2% decline in GFS in Q2. We saw about 3%. The other point was roughly the change in move towards outsourcing versus upfront license, which really helps drive that backlog increase that we talked about and gives us some confidence going forward, but those are the two shifts. The shift between outsourcing and license is really the primary change in lowering the GFS guide in terms of its 3% to 4% now.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Brett, as we've been through this process before multiple years ago with IFS, and IFS used to be a heavy oriented license business, and as you're going through the sales process, you first sell the prospect on the product itself or on the solution itself. But to Woody's point, I think the surprise for us was more of those customers that would have traditionally licensed the product really have pushed more towards outsourcing in a somewhat dramatic way, and then 70% reoccurring to 75% is a big bump in a single year. If you look at the back half of the year, we're continuing to model that license fees will continue to be there, but we also recognize this outsourcing trend, which is a good thing, will continue.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. As we build the backlog, I'll tell you it just gives us more confidence in the outlook that we gave you back in May. So we see that backlog grow and have more recurring revenue to build on.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. One last question for me, just to slip it in. You guys have been working on modularity of your core processing systems to try and kind of migrate folks in a less difficult big bang switchover way. Can you give us any update on that? Were some of the wins that you announced earlier in your comments, Gary, a function of that new – or that updated strategy of modernization?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, it was, Brett. We're having a lot of success. As we talked about at Investor Day, this is a journey. We're multiple years into that investment now and now you're seeing the results of that and actually starting to see some wins. In fact, we'll be launching our fully new componentized solutions and we'll continue to bring more and more of those to bear. But we're also taking advantage of that investment and modernizing our existing platforms as well over time. And so our clients will get the benefit of that as part of doing business with FIS as we take them through the natural upgrade cycle. So we're excited where the teams are on that development effort and we're also excited to start seeing this actually come into market now.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thanks, appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question will come from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. Thanks, guys. Look, just to be clear, without the impacts of 606 this specific quarter timing-wise and the shift to outsourcing, maybe you could just give us exactly what you think the GFS growth rate would've been now. And then just higher level, Gary, you talked about 4% to 5% growth for this business longer term, GFS in particular. Is there anything you're seeing now that might have changed that view, or when do you expect we'd get back to that profile?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, if you look at stripping all the other things out, I'll tell you, looks very close to in line with what we've talked about in our long-term guidance, which is around 4% to 5%.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: That's what we outlined in May. That's what we've been seeing over a number of quarters and feel good about in terms of outlook. We do have some lumpiness, as we tried to outline a couple of times this year to let you guys know we're going to see that with the adoption of 606, and we can't do much about that.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: That's right.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: The underlying health of the business is solid in GFS.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Absolutely. And so, as you think about that, the lumpiness comes in the form of license fees. Now that we've got 606, historically we were able to remove clients early, right, and pull in those license fees. So that gets normalized through 606. To Woody's point, in the back half of the year you'll see that re-recognition. Honestly, Darrin, as you look at the percentage of reoccurring revenue increase, it actually gives us more confidence in the guide, not less. And you're going to see that accelerate not only in the back half of the year, but into 2019 and beyond. So we're very comfortable with the business. The sales performance has been very strong. And as we onboard this and – onboard these large processing agreements, it's going to accelerate the growth.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. Now that's good to hear. I mean, I guess, just to follow-up on that, the conversion to revenue, I think someone asked this before. But that should play out over the next probably, what, 12 to 18 months. I guess, we had some last year bookings strength, that would be generating revenue in the second half of this year is what's giving you confidence?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Absolutely. It's a very consistent model. As people come on into this SaaS offering, just like IFS, you've got a 12- to 18-month onboarding cycle, and then you've got high reoccurring revenue, a good solid contribution margin...
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: ...throughout the lifecycle of that contract.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Very good. Just very quickly, IFS showed strength. Obviously, was very good in the quarter. Just want to be clear there was nothing sort of onetime about that. This is a sustainable trend right now?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: No, that's the reason we actually increased IFS on the guide too. Spent a lot of time talking about GFS and the decrease there, but IFS was very strong, sequential increase of 90 basis points. And we see good growth outlook for the back half of the year and going forward as we continue to see strong sales conversions, processing volumes, all those things that we really like.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: That's good to hear (00:32:26).
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: And to your point, Darrin, we saw good solid sales in Q4 last year, Q1, and now Q2, all in IFS. So that stuff is all going to be onboarding in the back half and early part of next year. So we think it's a real good news story and the quarter was really just about as straight down the fairway as you can get.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. That's great, guys. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Thank you. Good morning. I was just following-up on that. Just what inning would you say you're in in converting to processing from licensing? I heard the 75% from 70%. How high could that go and how quickly?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, if you look at IFS, now it's roughly about 90%, right? So you'll continue to see – it really depends on how quickly people quit taking on-premise license software. I can tell you historically that was kind of a 10-year transition over IFS, so it was long term as the market moves. But there's very clearly larger and larger institutions are looking to get more leverage out of their purchasing power with their suppliers, and one way of driving that is getting the benefits of our data center investment. You hear how much we're investing in cloud-based technologies, as an example. There really is no sense for our clients to replicate that spend. They should come with us. And as we move more and more of these technologies into our private cloud, we can just do it at a much more cost effective rate than they can. So you'll continue to see this movement over the future quarters.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: So would it be fair to say that this is opening up the pipeline overall and expanding your TAM as banks are looking to transition off of on-prem and looking for as-a-solution providers?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. No, I think it's fair that you'll see larger and larger contracts being signed out of GFS with a much higher reoccurring revenue, especially as our clients start embracing the solutions that we're putting together for more end-to-end capabilities across the I&W landscape. So I do think you'll continue to see that revenue backlog grow. Woody highlighted significant growth in it this quarter-over-quarter, and you see it in the reoccurring as well.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Thank you. So my last follow-up, just $500 million the backlog being up versus the prior year, is that primarily within that GFS trend you're talking about or is it more broad based than that?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: It's in both segments. It's in both segments, but I would tell you, GFS was a little heavier in terms of backlog build than IFS. But it was in both.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Good to know. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question here will come from Chris Shutler with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning. On the sales activity, good again this quarter. Could you just give us some sense how much stronger sales have been over the last few quarters compared to some prior period? I know we have the backlog number, but I think that reflects multiple years of revenue. So just any more color on the magnitude of the improvement would be great.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Chris, we haven't gotten into disclosures quarter-on-quarter, but it was definitely very strong. We saw the sale success definitely double digits growth, and so we're very pleased where it is at this point in the year.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then on the flipside, Gary, could you talk about trends in client and revenue attrition and what you have line of sight into compared to prior periods?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. The big metric that we look at there is really our term fees. It's very hard to predict when acquisitions are going to occur. Right now we're still modeling our term fees to be flat year-over-year. So we're not seeing – we haven't seen an increased exposure to that, at least based on our forecast over last year. But it's certainly something that we continue to watch.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin with RBC Capital.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to circle back on just the accelerating shift to outsourcing. I know you hit on it a lot. But I'm wondering is there something about the way you're able to structure these outsourcing deals relative to your legacy license that's enabling you to do more cross-selling. Like, are the ways in which you're able to kind of promote that cross-selling opportunity, do they tilt more towards these outsourcing type of transaction?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I think there are several things driving it, Dan. If you think about it, let's back up. One of the things that we did was we pulled the sales organization out of the individual product lines as we went through the SunGard integration. We got a lot of benefit of that. We got a lot of leverage out of the sales force. By doing that, we also then started putting products together, especially across the I&W landscape, to form more end-to-end solutions, which historically that market had bought more front, middle, or back office and very discrete buying decisions. We're now seeing more end-to-end capabilities, and we've highlighted a number of those wins over the quarters. So then when you add the fact that FIS, given our scale in data center operation, we talked a lot about that, almost all of the IFS business is now taken in a SaaS model. There's a couple of minor exceptions, but in general, the entire IFS segment's a SaaS model. So now we've given not only a solution ability, but also access to world class data centers, which we've talked a lot about. And when you go to our clients and we're looking at prospects and working with them, it really is not only the capability of the product or solution, but how can they drive their total cost of ownership lower. And what we're seeing, and we've highlighted this for quite some time, we're seeing more and more of our clients push themselves to look at alternative ways to lower their overall cost, and just by leveraging our scale in the processing environment. And frankly, we drive a lot of best practices around that. So not only can we drive at a lower cost, we can do it very well. We're just seeing more and more of our customers open themselves up, our larger customers open themselves up to that kind of capability. So part of it is just more arrows in the quiver for our sales force that prior SunGard organization really didn't have this capability at the level we do. Part of it is getting the sales force out of the product line, so now they realize they can sell an entire solution and aligns their compensation models more effectively. And then the third is really a trend in the market, where people are just looking to lower their overall total cost of ownership. So I think all three of those things combined is really driving some of the outcome we're seeing.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's great. And then just my quick follow-up. Are there any callouts specifically as you think about different geographies around GFS? Just commentary around certain areas of strength, certain areas of weakness, given kind of different geopolitical risks, currency movements? Thanks.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Nothing particular to call out this quarter one versus another. If you think about currencies, right, the Brazilian real has certainly weakened against the dollar, and that's probably the biggest change we've had from an FX perspective. We also saw some offsetting benefit in the UK pound on the cost side and the rupee in the cost side, given it's kind of an immaterial point of view around earnings impact. But those would be the major areas.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Cantwell with Guggenheim Investments. Please go ahead.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Hi Jeff.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my question. You've touched on this, but I wanted to see if you can give us a little more color on the outlook in IFS for the back half of the year. It looks like the front half of the year, the contribution to revenue growth was driven by banking and wealth, which also drove some modest margin expansion. So, I guess, I'm wondering is if the mix shifts in IFS in the back half, would we see a greater degree of margin expansion in the segment than we saw in the first half. Could you just comment on that or any additional color you have on how we should think about contribution to revenue and segment EBITDA margins as we contemplate the back half of the year? Thanks.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think one of the things you see, and we talked about it earlier, we saw an improvement in payments on the revenue growth. We were down in Q1, we expected that. We were up 2% in Q2. Talking about a rebound, we do anticipate continuing to see payments increase as we get through some easier comps in the back half of the year on card production. But overall I would continue to expect to see good growth across both the sub-segments beyond that, both corporate and digital, and banking and wealth. I'm very pleased with where IFS is right now. The sales are converting and things are going very well in IFS right now.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Appreciate that. And then I have a high level one. I wanted to ask you about what you're seeing in international and Europe in particular. One of the things we've heard pretty consistently is that Brexit is creating a lot of unknowns for FIs, which is constraining their technology spend. Just wanted to hear your thoughts on that. Is this perhaps something that we should be aware for you over the medium term, which is as we move past Brexit eventually, we could start to see your backlog over there growing as FIs start to shift more towards a front foot posture with their budgets, and where we could potentially see that coming through as revenue, new revenue for you guys?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. No, it's a good question. Honestly, we have had – and we've talked about it on a number of calls, we've had the whole European market return slower than we would like over the last several years. We have seen good momentum recently in our sales and our backlog. We highlighted a very nice win of launching a new client on our Payments-as-a-Service offering in the UK, which is all cloud-based and API ready. We've had a lot of success (00:42:53) rolling out our new API gateway to meet some of the regulatory changes. So I do think you'll continue to see Europe strengthen for us over the coming quarters and coming years. I do think the environment is improving.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Arvind Ramnani with KeyBanc.
Arvind Anil Ramnani - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. You talked a lot about your progress on digital. Can you maybe kind of outline some of the factors that your digital solution is winning competitively versus some of the other solutions available? And also if you can maybe kind of highlight three or four kind of features that's certainly kind of driving sales in digital offering.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. No, it's a great question. We've actually highlighted in a number of our conferences. So if you think about the evolution of digital, we would argue we're heading into the third major generation of digital deployment. We've been in digital dating all the way back to just mobile banking or Internet banking, which was well over 10 years ago, and we're on the forefront of that. Over the years, we've taken a number of steps through our digital architectures and today we're very, very competitive across mobile, Internet, also small business, et cetera. What we see the next wave is really what we've talked about with our clients and we're getting a lot of traction around this is really an omni-channel deployment. So how do you take all of the both assisted and unassisted channels and bring them through a common architecture? It's really a way for our clients to start not only leveraging the digital channels, but how do you leverage that into the branch environment as well and frankly, where the consumer gets a seamless experience. So that's resonated very well with our clients. And as we invest in that new capability, in that new technology, you see a lot of our clients getting on that journey with us to take advantage of that.
Arvind Anil Ramnani - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. And if I can just a quick follow-up on that. Are you assigning new logos as a result or a lot of it is taking existing clients and essentially kind of selling into them for these new offerings (00:45:33)?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: It's all of the above. Given our client base and given how large our client base in the U.S., a lot of our sales come in the form of cross-sells to existing customers. But we've also been taking new logos in market. So it's really a combination of both – across both of our segments, both IFS and GFS.
Arvind Anil Ramnani - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question this morning will come from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys, and thanks for squeezing me in.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Hey, George.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Gary and Woody, just wanted to ask, when you look at the strong sales pipeline and, I guess, maybe specific to IFS, it sounds like, obviously, there are macro tailwinds. But just curious competitively, are you seeing more – any sort of change competitively in the market with your ability to win more business? And then, Gary, at the Investor Day, you talked optimistically about maybe servicing larger FIs from a core processing standpoint. Just curious as to any progress on that front.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. No, George, we really are seeing our modernization focus resonate with our clients. And, frankly, as you look at financial institutions as they get larger and larger in the space, especially banks specifically in North America – I'm addressing IFS specifically now – as those banks get larger and larger, our market share becomes greater. And if you look at the capabilities of our existing solutions, I would argue they're best-in-class in the large bank market. If you then layer on our next generation capabilities that we've been investing in for a number of years, you're just starting to see us take – not only take share, you're just seeing our customers get on that roadmap to move to a more modern capability. We highlighted an example in the prepared remarks, where very unusual for one of our client – not unusual for one of our clients to get bought. We all know consolidation occurs in the industry. But it is unusual for the buying entity to actually convert to the acquired bank's solution. And we highlighted an example of that in core banking in this quarter. That's several times that now has occurred over the last couple of years. So as these banks grow to $5 billion, $10 billion, $20 billion, you're seeing more and more of a need to really take advantage of the FIS strength and functionality and capability. And we're seeing that in our pipeline signings. We're seeing that in not only our sales signings, but also in our pipeline. So we feel great about the banking market in the U.S. We feel really good about the investments we're making. We think it plays for a solid outcome for FIS in the future.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for that. And if I could just end, Woody, in a more sort of drab accounting question. It looks like there was a bit more of an add back, I guess, tied to Capco, call it about $0.02 or so in terms of the adjustments that were added back. It doesn't look like you've changed the outlook though, the $2.10 to $1.95 add backs for the full year. So just to be very clear, the increase in your EPS guide, that is tied to fundamental improvement. There's nothing sort of below the line from an adjustment standpoint that's different than what you were thinking about, right?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: No, fundamental, fundamental improvement in the business; higher margins, higher revenue growth, and good fundamentals.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We're pleased with the operating performance of the first half of the year, which allows us to raise our earnings per share guidance for two quarters in a row. Importantly, our robust pipeline positions us for strong results in the back half of the year and into 2019. In closing, I'd like to reinforce our core fundamentals. We have a proven market leadership position driving continuous innovation for modernization and improving your capabilities. We are serving healthy and improving market segments and have a very strong financial fundamentals with a proven track record of generating shareholder returns. And we believe our business continues to have a compelling investment thesis and we look forward to delivering on our commitments. I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on us to keep their business running and growing every day. The successful partnership between our clients, leaders, and employees enables FIS to continue to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And, ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 11:00 this morning and running through Tuesday, August 14, at midnight. You can access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 451487. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844. Those numbers again 1-800-475-6701 or 1-320-365-3844 with the access code 451487. It does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
Analysts: David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. David Mark Togut - Evercore Partners Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd like to turn the call over to Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead.
Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FIS's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Turning to slide 2, with me today are Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer. Gary will begin today's call with company highlights for the quarter and Woody will continue with the financial results. This conference call is also being webcasted with today's news release and corresponding presentation available on our website at fisglobal.com. Moving to slide 3, today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. I refer you to the Safe Harbor language on the slide. Materials presented today will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide a more meaningful comparison between the periods presented. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. Turning to slide 4, it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Gary to discuss the business highlights for the quarter. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Pete. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm very pleased to announce today that FIS delivered a very strong quarter and start to the year, exceeding our revenue, profitability and earnings expectations, and delivering exceptional margin expansion. Based on these results and a robust forecast, Woody will be increasing our EPS guidance for the full-year. Top line growth was driven by balanced execution across our IFS and GFS segments. Key factors include the sales momentum we have been discussing for the past several quarters; the continued expansion of existing client relationships; growth of our clients through higher volumes of transactions and accounts; and new client logos. We continue to be pleased by the accelerating market momentum globally for our products and services. Turning to slide 5, in the quarter, revenue increased over 3% to $2.1 billion. We expanded EBITDA margins by 340 basis points and adjusted earnings per share grew 33% to $1.09 per share. We delivered the strong results for continued execution of our strategic plan, investing for growth in our focus areas and driving increased efficiency within our operations. We have capitalized on our year-end sales momentum by successfully turning demand into closed deals and further expanding our strong pipeline. Our Integrated Financial Solutions segment drove top line organic revenue growth of more than 3% for the quarter. Q1 sales were robust, building on the momentum we experienced in the previous quarter. Demand remains strong for our Retail Banking, Wealth and Digital Solutions. Outsourced solution deployments in key business verticals were particularly strong in the quarter. And we saw increased end-user adoption and transaction volume growth across our digital banking platforms. Our GFS segment delivered top line organic growth of over 5% for the quarter. Growth across the segment was fueled by diverse mix of license revenue from global institutions, especially within the capital market offerings, as well as higher processing and transaction volumes across multiple businesses. Core banking, buy-side and post-trade processing, drove especially strong results. Margin expansion was exceptional this quarter at 650 basis points, driven by growth in our high margin IP-based offerings and through the positive impact from divestitures of lower margin and non-strategic businesses. Going forward, we are disclosing a new revenue backlog metric which provides insight into the total revenue under contract. We entered this year with a revenue backlog of about $19.5 billion, speaking to the strong forward visibility. Woody will provide additional insights. Turning to slide 6, we continue to execute on strategic actions that reinforce our plan to drive transformational results for clients and FIS. This includes executing on our significant investment in continuously modernizing our offerings to meet client demand and drive our near- and long-term growth. Some of the capabilities we will be delivering in market for 2018 include: bringing new core banking capabilities to market that are built on cloud-based technology with common reusable components which deliver, speed agility and efficiency for clients; consolidating payment platforms into our Unified Payments solution that delivers a consistent modern user experience across all payment transaction types; delivering our integrated omni-channel Digital One strategy that provides modernized digital banking experiences complete with personalization, mobility and social engagement capabilities; bringing our next-generation post-trade solution to market, tripling processing power and performance; continuously adding new APIs to our very robust online gateway, Code Connect, which offers nearly 1,300 APIs for financial services; and deploying more than 50% of our solutions into the FIS private cloud environment. Proof that these investments are creating strong interest and demand, three weeks ago, we hosted more than 3,000 clients, prospects and partners at one of our large annual client events. This venue provided the platform for our clients to learn more about our strategy and modernization investments and get hands-on with nearly 170 solutions that provide proof of the investments we are making to help them modernize for their future. Feedback from our clients has been overwhelming positive and results of the conference show a strong increase in demand for our solutions. This feedback, coupled with our strong first quarter results and robust pipeline, underscores our confidence in our strategy and investment decisions, and gives us clear line of sight into our ability to deliver on our 2018 goals and beyond, which are to innovate for long-term growth, drive strong sales with competitively differentiated solutions, and build on our global scale. We remain very confident in the value we are delivering for our clients and believe that will continue to translate into strong returns for our shareholders. Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter and full year. Woody?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on slide 8 with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter. As a reminder, our first quarter 2018 results and comparable historical financials reflect the adoption of ASC 606 on a like-for-like basis. In the first quarter, revenue increased 3.3% on an organic basis to $2.1 billion and EBITDA increased 6.7% to $705 million. EBITDA margin expanded a healthy 340 basis points to 34.1% and adjusted earnings per share grew 33% to $1.09 per share. We entered the year with a more focused set of assets. We're now seeing increasing demand in the markets and improved sales momentum. Our first quarter results reflect the strength of our business model and the success of our sales teams have had over the last six months. Moving to slide 9, in the first quarter, IFS revenue grew 3.2% on an organic basis to $1.1 billion and EBITDA grew to $451 million versus $439 million in the prior-year quarter. EBITDA margins expanded 10 basis points to 42.5%. Turning to slide 10, Banking and Wealth grew 5.7% for the quarter. This positive performance was driven primarily by the onboarding of new wealth accounts as well as higher processing volumes. Payments declined 1.6% driven by the card production business, lower termination fees, and a tough license comparable. We saw some positive signs for the remainder of the year with healthy transaction volume growth in our debit business and fraud solutions. We expect these volumes to continue to grow, giving us visibility and confidence for low-single digit growth for the full year. Corporate and Digital grew 5.7% for the quarter. Growth was driven primarily by new client onboarding to our mobile platform, increasing user adoption, and higher volumes for our small business solutions. We also saw strong growth within our Corporate Treasury Solutions. As expected, term fees were relatively flat at $17 million in the quarter versus $18 million in the prior-year period. Turning to slide 11, in the first quarter, GFS revenue grew 5.4% on an organic basis to $927 million, while EBITDA grew 15.2% to $305 million. Margins expanded 650 basis points to 32.9%. Approximately half of this expansion was driven by continued growth of higher-margin IP revenue in the quarter and operating leverage in our business. The remaining expansion reflects the removal of our consulting business divested late last year. We are pleased with the consistent improvement of the margin profile of this segment. Moving to slide 12, for the quarter, our Institutional and Wholesale business grew 6% and we saw increased volume growth across our solution suites in the buy-side space and strong license sales with global institutions. We're very pleased with the start to the year for this group. As outlined in the February call, we do not expect similar growth in the second quarter based on the timing of 606 [ASC 606]. We remain confident in our full year growth of 4% to 5% for GFS and an acceleration of revenue growth in the back-half of the year. Banking and Payments grew 4.8% primarily driven by a large international core banking license sale and higher transaction volumes resulting in growth across all geographies, in particular, Asia-Pacific and Europe. Moving to slide 13, Corporate and Other revenue in the first quarter was $80 million, with an EBITDA loss of $51 million. The Corporate and Other segment results include $67 million of corporate expenses for the quarter compared to $70 million in the prior-year period, a reduction of 5% reflecting continuing cost management. Moving to slide 14, cash flow for the quarter was $226 million. First quarter cash flow was primarily impacted by a one-time shift of approximately $100 million in tax payments related to Hurricane Irma from late 2017 into the first quarter of 2018. To a lesser extent, cash flow was also impacted by the timing of working capital. Despite these headwinds, which were contemplated in our full-year forecast, we remain confident in our full-year target of approximately 110% free cash flow conversion. Debt outstanding as of March 31 was approximately $9.1 billion. The weighted average interest rate is 3.3% and approximately 95% of our total debt is fixed rate. As expected, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 20%. For the first quarter, we returned $500 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We paid $106 million to shareholders in dividends for the quarter and repurchased 4.1 million shares for approximately $400 million. In April 2018, we repurchased an additional 2.1 million shares for approximately $200 million, bringing our year-to-date total to 6.2 million shares for approximately $600 million. Approximately $3.3 billion remain in our existing share repurchase authorization. Finally, the weighted average diluted share count is 334 million at the end of the quarter and our basic share count was 330 million. Starting this quarter, we will begin disclosing our revenue backlog. Revenue backlog is defined as revenue signed and under contract, which will be recognized in future periods. As Gary mentioned, the current backlog is approximately $19.5 billion. Over the next 12 months, we expect to recognize about one-third of this revenue or approximately 80% of our 2018 revenue guidance. The remaining two-thirds of the backlog will be recognized in future periods. Our consolidated recurring revenue figure for the first quarter was 84%, which is in line with what we had previously messaged. Moving to slide 15, this morning we announced that we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance. Our previous full-year EPS guidance was $5.10 to $5.30 per share, which we are raising about $0.04 given the strong operating performance in the first quarter. Therefore, we are now expecting 2018 full-year adjusted EPS of $5.14 per share to $5.34 per share, representing 20% to 25% growth. We are confident in our increased full-year earnings per share guidance. Although one quarter does not make a year, we are very pleased with the start of 2018. For the remainder of the year, we will continue to leverage our significant investments in market-leading solutions and client service to produce strong cash flows and maintain a healthy balance sheet. This value-added business model creates predictable and consistent top line growth. Our ability to drive ongoing margin expansion and strong cash flows allowed us to invest for future growth and return cash to shareholders. In closing, we're excited to see you next week, Tuesday, May 8 at our 2000 (sic) [2018] Investor Day in New York City. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: And our first question will come from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys, Great job again.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. And I guess, first of all, Q1, if I remember right, in the whole first half was supposed to be a little slower than the rest of the year. And I think maybe even the margins not quite as good as the rest of the year, but margins were right at the top-end, I think, of guidance, growth – revenue growth right about at the top-end too. Maybe what drove it to be better than you expected in Q1? And does that momentum kind of keep going through the year so it may be closer to the higher end of revenue growth from the lower end? Or did Q1 steal a little bit from the rest of the year, just that dynamic?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, no, I'll start, Dave, and let Woody add. We had a very strong Q1 across the board. We had really good sales in Q4. It came into Q1 and had really good sales in Q1 as well. As we talked prior in the call, that gives us confidence for the back half of the year, because most of our sales, as you know, there's a long sales cycle and then there's a long onboarding cycle. But we also had some nice license deals out of GFS that the team did an excellent job on in Banking and Payments in various regions. We continue to see good strong momentum on our synergies, while we finished the overall SunGard synergy program, we had not completely finished all of the programs we've had lined up. So, we've actually – we're onboarding some of those through the back half of last year and into this year, and that's generating results on the margin. So, really just across the board we just had a really good quarter. Woody talked about our transaction volume, and so that we're improving in Q1 as well and all that just translates into very high – higher revenue than we expected at very nice margins.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, Dave, if you think about it, we certainly feel incrementally better about the full-year. There are certainly some timing items in Q2 we talked about, but we feel incrementally better about the full-year. That's why we raised both bottom-end and top-end of the EPS guidance.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got you. And I guess just a follow-up. As we think about Q2, because you mentioned the timing issues and stuff, is that more – you are above the top-end, close to 3.5% in Q1, should it be backed on to like 2.5% in Q2 and then the rest of the year, I guess, we can figure it out later, but is that kind of what you're thinking for now?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I would say, more directly we're right on top of consensus estimates for Q2.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, got you. That's great. Well, great job, guys. Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Next to the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Partners: Good morning. Congrats on the strong results.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, David.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, David.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Partners: The Institutional and Wholesale business accelerated versus the fourth quarter up to 6% organic. Are the drivers behind that growth sustainable and is 6% a number we should be thinking about for the rest of the year?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, let me talk about it from the sales channel. We're very pleased where the Institutional and Wholesale team is executing. We've had really good strong demand for sales across those product lines. As we talked in the past, David, we're seeing a lot of those customers, especially Tier 1 institutions where they built a lot of those capabilities in-house, they're now looking to lower their total cost of ownership. You've seen the growth in our utility and post-trade, but you've also seen good strong license sales and also SaaS model sales across that group. So, it's really being driven by market conditions with just a lot of disparate capabilities and we saw all this in the SunGard due diligence, but it's really nice to see it coming forward through the sales channel, and people are just looking for more effective ways to really pull together the front, middle and back office with capabilities that lower overall cost of ownership. So, sales has been strong. You do get some lumpiness in the Institutional and Wholesale business because of the license fee nature, although we are pushing more and more to a SaaS model that will level that out over time, but we're very pleased with the growth rates in I&W and we continue to see very strong demand in the pipeline and the teams did an excellent job executing against that pipeline and closing business.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Partners: Got it. You seem more constructive about end-market demand than on the 4Q call. Are you seeing any sort of increased demand tied to the tax cuts in the U.S.; banks being more willing to spend that dividend?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, at times we can be a little more conservative. We saw good strong demand in Q4, but frankly, one quarter doesn't make a difference for us. We've now had two really strong sales quarters in a row, which gives us – frankly, it does make us lean in a little more to market conditions and seeing them improve. The pipeline looking forward into Q2, we feel good about our sales momentum going into Q2 and what the pipeline looks like there. So I do think right now, demand in the markets are improving.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: And I think, David, that really gives us higher visibility in both back-half and more importantly, the out years, 2019 and beyond.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Partners: Got it. Quick final question. You alluded to some additional margin expansion initiatives beyond SunGard. What are those initiatives, and are those drivers of 2019 and beyond?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think, David, one of the things we've been talking about in the past is data center consolidation and one of the factors that could drive future margin expansion. We're seeing strong traction in that program to-date, and we're going to talk more about Phase 2 of that program next week, but we certainly see the ability to drive margins beyond 2018.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Partners: Understood. Thank you very much.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Brett Huff with Stephens, Incorporated. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Congrats on a nice quarter.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Brett.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Brett.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Can you guys talk a little bit about your digital products? We've had some questions I'm trying to get a handle around. What do you guys kind of consider total digital revenue? And any sense of kind of how that's trending, growing, accelerating, et cetera, as you think about your business?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, we haven't necessarily disclosed the exact revenue of digital. It's been a very, very strong grower for us over the years. As I've just talked about in my prepared remarks, we're rolling out our new Digital One capabilities, which is really an omni-channel approach to digital, and frankly will be our third-generation digital that we've been deployed dating all the way back to 2008. We continue to see very strong demand across our client base. We've disclosed on prior calls more than 40 million consumers running, for example, our mobile banking app. But we think it's going to be a continued strong grower for us for the foreseeable future. Digital has really now moved beyond just the mobile banking experience and really has moved across true omni-channel, and we're excited about this next-generation capabilities we're rolling out. And that's a great opportunity for us to upsell our existing clients, but also continue to take market share with our leading capabilities.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. My follow-up question is as you look across your portfolio of assets, you guys are a really big company and have lots of broad products. Where would you like to most add scale if you could? Or where is a hole in technology that you feel compelled to – most compelled to add to?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, for us, when we think about – when we think across our various verticals that we're serving, Retail Banking, Payments, Institutional and Wholesale, from a true product gap trying to fill, I would say we've got very little gaps there. You've seen us fill a few over the last several years. We made an investment, for example, in Wealth Management. We did something with Clear2Pay on real-time payments. But honestly, we feel very good about the portfolio. One of the things we'll be talking about next week in the investor update is really line of sight, and you're hearing us talk about some of the new capabilities we're bringing to market which will allow us to consolidate, frankly, in some instances two, three, four platforms down to one next-generation capability. From a scale standpoint, we do feel that scale's always an important – and while we have tremendous scale especially in the processing world, as we talked about our revenue backlog today, we would – we'd be interested in adding scale across any of those three verticals if it made sense for our shareholders and for the company.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Brett.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe Gary, could you maybe update us on the kind of the broad outlook at your bank customer set both in terms of what you see with respect to the consolidation of your customers, the bank M&A landscape? And then also, it sounds like there is a little bit more incremental willingness to spend on discretionary items in terms of outsourcing. Is that something you think that's kind of really picked up in terms of your conversations with clients?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, Jim, it's a great question. We're not forecasting a drop in consolidation in the industry. We think that consolidation will stay steady, although with me talking to clients as much as I do, a consistent theme are valuations are getting expensive, right? So, as people look at their various opportunities to do acquisitions, that will come into play. But we do think through 2018 we'll see fairly consistent consolidation in the industry. From a demand standpoint, I do see increased demand. We're seeing it in our sales channel and closing. Frankly, we run multiple large user conferences, just giving the size of our company, we just completed, as I said, three weeks ago our first one. We got our next one coming up in another three weeks. And both of those enrollment, it was up tremendously year-over-year, which also shows that banks are willing to start spending more discretionary dollars on travel to actually get exposed to new capabilities. So, there's a couple of things that would indicate demand is definitely growing over the last two quarters and we're seeing that push into the second quarter as well. So, Woody and I are pretty confident in the remainder of the year that that demand is going to continue. But we also think that you'll continue to see some fairly significant consolidation going on in the industry, assuming valuations don't just continue to rise at a too high of a rate.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful, thanks. And maybe as a follow-up, speaking of expensive valuations, can you maybe just kind of give us your updated thoughts on the M&A landscape in terms of targets for FIS, specifically your view on valuations? And any kind of complementary businesses, whether that be merchant acquiring or I&W businesses or other areas where you think there could be attractive targets, M&A relative to share buyback?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, we're confident that we can do M&A activity and it drives tremendous shareholder value, as indicated by the SunGard acquisition. But what I'd share with you is, we also are a mature buyer. In other words, we can look across Retail Banking, we can look across Payments, we can look across Institutional and Wholesale, and there would be certain opportunities in any of those three verticals that could make sense. Valuations are high. Probably not telling you anything you don't know. So, for us, we're very confident in our strategy we have, we're very confident on our increasing organic growth and expanding our margins. So – but if an opportunity presented itself, that made sense, that brought us a new product or capability to one of those existing verticals, or broke us into an adjacent market we found interesting, and we could do that and really return a lot of value to our shareholders, we consider it.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: And next we move to the line of Joseph Foresi with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. I was wondering if we could get an update on the debt retirement plan, and have your targets changed at all with M&A being less of an opportunity?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: No. So, we closed out 2017 with about $8.8 billion in debt. That ticked up slightly in Q1, which was expected. We anticipate aggregate debt to be down slightly year-over-year and leverage to come down based on our EBITDA growth. So, we will pay debt down slightly over the course of the year. We bought back about $600 million of shares to-date – year-to-date, and we continue to look at that as a use of excess cash flow as well.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. And then, on the margin front, can you remind us of the margin drivers? I think, the top driver has been data center consolidation in the past. Maybe you can give us an update on where you stand with that. I just hope I'm not stealing anything from the Analyst Day. Thanks.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, I think, more broadly, the last few years have been a lot of synergy from a margin expansion perspective. This quarter you had a couple of components. One, we really saw high margin revenue growth as the main driver of margin expansion. We certainly are seeing increased traction around our data center consolidation that will drive future expansion in the back half of the year, and in 2019 and beyond, and then, we've seen some divestiture of low margin businesses. That's a combination of the three main drivers of margin expansion.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Pardon me. Interesting to hear you talk a little bit about volumes as well as mix. And I think you, maybe Woody, you touched on a little bit in GFS in terms of license sales. Can you just expand a little bit on how sensitive the business is broadly to volume, how much visibility you have to changes in volume? And then, also, on the revenue mix side, is – I recognize in that SunGard historical is a little more license heavy than FIS. Is there anything meaningful that's changed sort of in the complexion of the business in that regard?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: No, I wouldn't say we've had a meaningful change in the complexion of the business. We had an 84% recurring revenue base as the starting backdrop, which is very consistent with what we've talked about in the past of 80-plus percent. We did have high license revenues in the quarter, but we saw also increasing processing and – processing volumes. The processing volumes are a little more difficult to predict, but I think you look at it in terms of how the markets are performing, what do you see in the broader markets on the volume front. So, looking at both those combined, we feel very good about what we have, but no major change in the landscape or the revenue type in terms of what's driving it.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And on the backlog figure which is helpful, thank you. Any color on how that's grown historically and sort of how that's translated into current period revenues, sort of the...
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I would tell you, our back testing, I would say, the translation in the revenue has been very similar, which really realigns to about an 80% recurring revenue number. That has ticked up some as we've divested the non-recurring revenue businesses that we've talked about in the past. We haven't spent as much energy going way back, looking at backlog as it's a relatively new disclosure, but obviously we'll be trending it going forward. It's obviously ultimately going to drive in line with our longer term growth rates.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And as a last one for me. In that backlog figure, is it – is the incremental, let's say, just sequentially in the first quarter sort of similar to mix of business, in other words, little more contribution from GFS than IFS?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I would say the contribution is similar. As you think about our business on a broad scale, Andrew, it's a very predictable forecastable business. We have some lumps here and there in terms of license, but again, very predictable in terms of our ability to forecast.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Keep in mind, our IFS business has a much higher reoccurring revenue rate, right? So, as you think about it, it really is that revenue under contract and based on the remaining term of the agreement and onboarding. But, to Woody's point, it really onboards in that backlog very similar with the reoccurring revenue rate at the various segments.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next we have the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Gary, I just wanted to go back to sort of the sales track you've seen for the last couple of quarters, and nice to hear you talking about the macro environment getting better, one of the first companies sort of acknowledging that. But my question is really more where are you seeing the pickup in demand across products, service sets, if there's any? A little bit more color you could give us on where specific pockets of demand are.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Glenn, it's a great question, and honestly, we're seeing good strong pull-through across a number of our verticals. We're pretty excited about all the new capabilities. Over the last three years, when you – we were doing a lot of integration work on SunGard, but we were also doing a lot of innovation work around new capabilities and a lot of that's coming onto the – coming into market in 2018. So, we've seen really nice growth across our digital channels, both in volume, but also in sales momentum. We're seeing a lot of – several of our back office services as people are trying to drive costs out of their businesses and lower their overall total cost of ownership, seeing nice growth there. As we move over into GFS, we saw – we're seeing good demand on our new core capabilities, especially in some very large institutions and seeing good traction around some of those components and driving those into market. We've talked on several questions today about strength across Institutional and Wholesale. So, it's really a nice blend and that's one of the things that we always had felt great about FIS as we have such a diverse product portfolio. Our clients – various of our clients are investing in various areas based on their needs, and given our capability and strength of our capabilities, we can participate in those engagements.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, Woody, just a quick question on the Payments growth and outlook within IFS. That was the one sort of negative in the quarter, but it sounded like you've got confidence that that kind of accelerates in the back-half, and I think you suggested kind of low-single digit or some growth for the year. But maybe just to get a little bit of color on what you – why you've got visibility for Payments growth getting better in the back half?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, I'll get more specific on Q1. We had a term fee that was about a point of headwind. We had a license last year that was a difficult compare, which was about a point. You add those back, you're getting roughly 2 points of growth, and we anticipate seeing that. We saw underlying volume growth in both fraud and debit and are seeing visibility into those volumes into the back-half of the year. So we think that's the low-water mark for the Payments business this year.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: All right. Great. Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question we go to is Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Bryan?
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I'm sorry about that. Just thinking about the increasing demand, you guys are seeing better sales, pipeline's strong, we've got a good recurring revenue backlog. But you guys decided not to raise the revenue guide. When does that translate all the stuff you're seeing better than expectations into potential upside to your top line?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, I would tell you, if you think about our sales and then when they're onboarding, it gives us higher confidence into the acceleration in the back-half of the year we've talked about. It also gives us a point of view around further accelerating in 2019 and beyond. We were – while very good this quarter, 3.3% was still within the top-end of our range for the year. And we're relatively conservative. So one quarter doesn't make a year, but as we've talked about, feel incrementally better about the year and we're certainly ahead of our plan to-date.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Helpful. And then, I did see the stronger buyback in the quarter. Is that because you guys aren't finding much on the M&A front and we should expect more capital return in terms of buybacks?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, I think about it in terms of M&A being – continuing to be a part of our long-term strategy, but the deal's got to fit strategically and it's got to make good financial sense. We're disciplined buyers. We don't just buy to buy, and we feel like our balance sheet's healthy. We feel like our leverage is about where we need to be. So we would anticipate continuing to see share buyback over the course of the year, absent a good M&A deal with a good valuation that fits strategically. And I think that's evidenced by year-to-date $600 million of share buyback.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color, and solid quarter.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen. Please go ahead
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. Not to beat a dead horse around where the strength is coming from within the business, but maybe instead of looking at it from a vertical perspective, Gary, maybe you can talk a little bit about spending patterns in some of your Tier 1 banks versus some of the smaller community banks and maybe international versus domestic? Is it sort of broad-based strength? Or is something really standing out between those groups?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, I think, if there would be something that's really standing out, I'd try to make some of those comments, George. We've talked a lot about domestically in community banking this need to outsource virtually 100% of their capabilities on a SaaS model. What we're seeing especially in the larger banks and regional banks, both domestically and internationally, and I mentioned this in my prepared remarks, we continue to see an increased demand for SaaS in those markets as well. And one of the things that I've been surprised by, we continue to talk about that, but the size of the institution that's willing to consider outsourcing a product, whether it's debit or credit processing, whether it's core banking, whether it's Institutional and Wholesale, post-trade, we're continuing to see a stronger increased demand in those outsourcing trends, which gives us a lot of confidence. Now in the short-term, George, as you expect, especially in that GFS market, we have more license fees. So there's a balance. As people move more to a SaaS model, we could see some lumpiness and actually some pullback in our license fees, but we're very pleased by that trend. Obviously, as our reoccurring revenue continues to go up in GFS, that will raise the overall reoccurring revenue of the company, which certainly gives us much, much higher visibility, not only into our quarters, but into multiple years out in our backlog, et cetera. So I would say that's the thing that probably is standing out the most for me. And we just continue to see that trend accelerate in the last several quarters.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. That's helpful. And then, Woody, can you just remind us what the expectation is for term fees for the full-year relative to 2017?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Our expectation is relatively flat. We had about $62 million last year. We've got roughly $60 million in our forecast for the year.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our last question will come from the line of Paul Condra with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask about the competitive environment and I wondered if that has anything to do with the improved demand that you're seeing from your customers. I know that, I think, a few quarters back, you mentioned that being a bit more of a headwind. So, could you comment on that and talk about how that's evolved?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I think it's still a competitive marketplace. No matter what market we're participating in, I think, we talked in quarters in the past, we might run into different competitors depending on the geographic region or the particular product line. But as I've also shared, we've got extremely competitive products and we're competing very well in the market and our sales teams are executing very well. We continue to invest behind our sales force and grow the sales force in our various geographic and market regions, and that's obviously going to continue to pay benefits as well as we onboard additional sales reps and get them up to speed. But, I would say, we've not seen any change in the competitive environment to speak of and – but our products just continue to perform very well in the market.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. And I guess, just another question around demand. As you think about the impact of tax reform and I think a lot of institutions maybe are still in planning stages, but you're still seeing – you're seeing demand I guess early. Does it feel to you like a lot of your customers are budgeting things a year from now, two years from now? Or are things really getting underway this early?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I really do see – we've talked about it a lot on this call. We really are seeing just increased demand in market. I mean, Q4 was a strong sales quarter for us pretty much across the board. Q1 was a strong sales quarter for us across the board. Pipeline continues to grow and have good velocity. Interesting, on our user conferences with the increase in participation, typically that's the very first thing that's cut is travel when people are really curtailing expenses. And so, we're seeing a nice increase across all of our major conferences. So, all those would be good indicators for me that demand's growing and we feel it's going to continue. But as people are really entering into, as you guys know, our contracts are long-term in nature. And so, typically the sales cycle is anywhere from 6 to 12 months, probably closer to 12 months in duration. Our onboarding times are in a similar range. So, these are big strategic commitments, our clients are making the purchase mission-critical IP-centric capabilities. And so, we feel good about it.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. Appreciate the time.
Operator: And that was our last question. I'll turn the call back over to our speakers.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We are pleased to start the year with a quarter of strong revenue, profitability performance, and earnings growth. Importantly, we are pleased to have a robust pipeline that positions us for another year of strong results. I look forward to sharing additional details about our accelerating growth plans and multi-year outlook when we convene at the St. Regis in New York City next week for our 2018 Investor Day. Joining Woody and me for a strategic update will be Marianne Brown, Chief Operating Officer of our Global Financial Solutions business; and Bruce Lowthers, Chief Operating Officer of our Integrated Financial Solutions business. In closing, I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on and trust us to keep their businesses running and growing every day. I'd also like to thank our leaders and employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. It is because of both that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this conference will be made available for replay starting today at 11:00 a.m. Eastern until May 15 at midnight. You may access the playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701, and entering the access code of 447005. It may also be accessed internationally at 1-320-365-3844. Again, those dial-in numbers are 1-800-475-6701 with the access code 447005, or internally at 1-320-365-3844. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
Analysts: David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC George Mihalos - Cowen Inc. Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. Also, as a reminder, today's teleconference is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead, sir.
Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Tony. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FIS' Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Turning to slide 2. With me today are Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer. Gary will begin today's call with company highlights for the quarter and insights as we enter into 2018. Following Gary's comments, Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results for the quarter and full year and will conclude with 2018 guidance. This conference call is also being webcasted with today's news release and corresponding presentation available on our website at fisglobal.com. Moving to slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. I refer you to the Safe Harbor language on the slide. Materials presented today will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the appendix of the supplemental slide. Moving to slide 4. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Gary to discuss the business highlights for the quarter. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Pete. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'm very pleased to announce that FIS delivered another strong quarter with full-year results exceeding our profitability and earnings expectations, delivering exceptional margin expansion and significant shareholder returns. Turning to slide 5. In the year, we delivered total shareholder returns of 26%. This was driven by consolidated margin expansion at 240 basis points, adjusted earnings per share growth of 16%, contributing $1.6 billion in free cash flow, which allowed us to resume share repurchases and return $385 million to shareholders in dividends. The bottom line as our strategy is working. Our leadership team has executed extremely well throughout 2017 and continues to position the business for accelerated growth and driving increased efficiencies. Our sales and marketing teams are generating demand and cross-sell opportunities, resulting in strong momentum coming out of Q4. We are consistently generating strong results and are performing well in a dynamically changing industry. Turning to slide 6 for a quick review of segment highlights for the quarter. Our Integrated Financial Solutions segment drove top line organic revenue growth of 3% for the year, underpinned by very strong growth of 6% in the fourth quarter, driven by especially high demand for our retail banking, wealth and digital solutions. Our GFS business recorded top line and organic growth of 3% for the quarter and for the full year. Margins across this segment delivered expansion of more than 600 basis points in the quarter compared to prior-year period and almost 400 basis points for the full year. This further reflects the material improvement to the operating structure of this segment and a focus on higher-margin solutions sales as evidenced by Wedbush Futures, who became the third organization to join our innovative Derivatives Utility. Turning to slide 7. I want to focus on the results of our strategy and execution and how it is driving transformational results for FIS. Since the SunGard acquisition, a little more than two years ago, we have continued to successfully execute on the strategic shift to enhance the structure, profitability and predictability of our Global Financial Solutions segment. The SunGard acquisition, in combination with strategic divestitures, has expanded GFS EBITDA margins by over 1,000 basis points and produced a reoccurring revenue base of approximately 70% today. Our focus on leveraging our cloud-based technologies and driving our consistent one-to-many model has driven margins in our IFS segment to some of the highest in the industry, exceeding 40%. We're reoccurring revenue of approximately 90%, which drives high visibility for the future. We continue to develop and bring to market new products, supporting our industry-leading, comprehensive global solutions suite. And over the last 24 months, we've paid down approximately $3 billion in debt. We also exceeded our initial $200 million SunGard cost synergy targets by more than $125 million through superior integration execution. Finally, all these things together will result in a total company EBITDA margin in 2018 of more than 36%, with further room to grow. Supporting this strategy, we divested our public sector and education business, a majority interest in our consulting businesses and announced the divestiture of our China-based Kingstar Solution in the fourth quarter. We entered 2018 with a strong set of assets and a positive outlook for the year. These results are proof of strategic plan that is working. It allows us to leverage our exceptional global scale to create long-term value and free up dollars to invest back into the business. In fact, over the last two years, in addition to our integration initiatives, we've also directed significant efforts and dollars in innovation to drive long-term growth. Our investment strategy has been driven with a focus on integration and modernization across our solutions, delivering infrastructure and client services, creating a modern path forward for clients to transform their businesses. This transformative strategy and unified approach was driven with common design principles and is evolving the way we develop solutions, enable technology and ultimately support our clients. These innovation principles include creating open APIs and component-based solutions that allow us to build capabilities once and leverage many times, driving reusability and speed to market. Delivering cloud-ready solutions on both open and proprietary platforms with a secure encryption framework built into every module, and driving rapid and seamless integration across solutions unifying user interfaces and client experiences, deepening end-to-end processing and modernizing client support. These investments over the last two years are allowing us to launch several new offerings throughout 2018. These include core banking and payment solutions offering an open platform built on a modern technology stack with common reusable components and adaptable to a wide variety of financial arrangement and instrument types, geographies and currencies. Benefits include reuse and sharing of capabilities across platforms, promoting our one-to-many model and delivering speed, agility, and efficiency for clients. Second, our unified payment solution consolidates our payment platforms, delivering a consistent modern user experience across all payment transaction types. It provides a 360-degree view of a financial institution's cardholder base, making it easier to engage with our customers with more compelling services and solutions. Third, DIGITAL ONE, our fully integrated omni-channel platform, providing personalization, mobility and social engagement capabilities. These are offered across a multitude of devices, enable a variety of customer experience, choices such as touch, voice, gesture, auto technology and more. Fourth, our next-generation post-trade solution more than triples processing power and performance over the legacy trade technology, bringing significant straight-through processing value to clients. Finally, Code Connect, our robust online gateway to over 300 and growing FIS-enabled APIs to serve banking, payments, and consumer finance. The FIS APIs allow clients easy integration and enable rapid development for modern FinTech innovation. In addition to new client offerings, we continue to invest in our data center consolidation projects and in fully transforming our services infrastructure to our FIS secure cloud environment driving continuous availability, high-performance and agility. This environment allows our next-generation cloud foundation applications to take advantage of scale, performance and resiliency that is industry-leading. By the end of 2018, we will have well over 50% of our U.S.-based products in this environment. Our clients will benefit from the automation of service management, capacity on-demand and fast provisioning, all delivered in a fully secure FIS environment. As a final point in our investment strategy recap, I'd like to comment on our capital deployment strategy considering the immediate and positive impacts resulting from the recent Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We are focused on a multi-year plan and anticipate adding $650 million to $700 million in cash flow over the next three years as a result of this legislation, enabling us to positively contribute to the economy focused on the long-term interest of our shareholders, clients, and employees, all of which achieve the intended goals of the tax legislation. Based on this legislation, we saw four important areas for increased investment all building on investments we've made over the last several years as I just discussed. First, the savings will translate to enhanced compensation and benefits for our most important asset, our employees. Through increased funding in our annual wage and bonus pools, paying for high performance and rewarding results. Additionally, we will be increasing and creating new employee benefits such as increased tuition reimbursement and a new solution focused on helping our employees pay for their student lending debt that was incurred during their undergraduate or post-graduate studies. All these programs will help attract and retain strong talent. Second, we will further accelerate our already substantial investment in solution innovation to generate increased growth and provide further long-term and competitive benefits for our clients. Third, we will also accelerate capital investments in our data center consolidation and secure cloud efforts, driving continued long-term margin expansion and enhanced client service. Finally, we will also be returning some of this benefit to our shareholders through increased earnings per share and dividends. Woody will provide more color in his prepared remarks. This multi-year plan leveraging the benefit from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will accelerate our progress in all these areas, funding both current and new investments. We are very pleased with this opportunity to further advance the long-term interest of our employees, clients, and shareholders. Before I turn the call over to Woody for the financial review, I'd like to acknowledge several important achievements. 2018 marks our 50th anniversary year, a significant achievement for which we're all very proud. Also, FIS was recently recognized as one of Fortune's most admired companies, a recognition that complements our market leadership. I am very appreciative and proud of our employees who achieved this award by delivering to our clients across the globe. In summary, I'd like to reaffirm that we are very pleased with our full-year 2017 results, which highlight our ability to drive revenue growth and realize exceptional gains and profitability. We expect the positive momentum we created to continue into 2018. To meet our 2018 goals, we will continue to execute on our differentiating capabilities, capitalize on our global scale and continue to invest for long-term growth. Put simply, we are confident that we will deliver another year of enhanced value to our clients and returns to our shareholders. Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter and full year. Woody?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on slide 9 with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter and for the full year of 2017. Following a review of our financial results, I'll also provide information on the impact of the recently passed tax reform legislation, the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard, ASC 606, and our 2018 guidance. In the fourth quarter, revenue increased 3.1% on an organic basis and EBITDA grew to $881 million, a 4.1% increase compared to the prior-year period. EBITDA margin expanded 340 basis points to 37.8% and adjusted earnings per share grew 19.3% to $1.36 per share. For the year, revenue increased 2% on an organic basis and EBITDA grew to $3.1 billion, a 4.2% increase compared to the prior-year period. EBITDA margin expanded 240 basis points to 33.6% and adjusted earnings per share grew 15.7% to $4.42 per share. We are very pleased with the ongoing margin expansion of the business, primarily driven by our one-to-many model, creating significant operating leverage in the business as well as continuous efforts to fund operational efficiencies. We have also seen structural improvements specific to our GFS segment, with the successful divestiture of the majority stake in our consulting business and anticipate further meaningful margin expansions into 2018. Moving to slide 10. In the fourth quarter, IFS revenue grew on an organic basis by 5.6%, while EBITDA grew 5.3%. Top line growth was driven by strong demand for our Banking and Wealth solution and, as expected, a rebound from our Payments business. For full year 2017, IFS revenue increased 2.8% on an organic basis and EBITDA increased 3.9% compared to the prior-year period to $1.9 billion. Margins expanded 60 basis points to 40.3%. Turning to slide 11, Banking and Wealth grew 8.5% for the quarter. This was driven by balanced growth across the businesses with elevated volumes in our output and wealth solutions. We are pleased with the 4% full year growth from this group. As expected, Payments rebounded and grew 5% this quarter. As we are seeing increased demand for our fraud solutions in the payment space; growth was also driven by a data analytics deal. Corporate and Digital was impacted by a difficult license sales comparable and corporate liquidity, which was called out in the prior-year period. Growth in our digital and mobile solutions remained strong as we see continuing demand for this product suite. Turning to slide 12, in the fourth quarter, GFS revenue grew 3.1% organically while EBITDA grew 7.5% for the quarters represent 630 basis points of margin expansion to 42.3%. In addition to continued strong operating leverage and favorable revenue mix, margins also benefited from our recent consultant divestiture. For the full year 2017, revenue increased 3.1% organically. EBITDA grew 9.6% compared to the prior year, reflecting 380 basis points of margin expansion to 34.2%. We're extremely pleased with the EBITDA margin profile in this segment approaching the mid-30% range. We exceeded our original plans and this momentum continues into 2018 as we anniversary our recent portfolio of divestitures, and we remain confident in our ability to drive margin expansion through our ongoing operating leverage and scale. Moving to slide 13. For the quarter, our Institutional and Wholesale business grew 5%. We remain pleased with the continued high client retention rates resulting in strong software license renewals during the quarter. We are confident in the long-term growth prospects for this business as we continue to see sales progress and our bundling of solutions for clients and where the strength of our balance sheet continues to be a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Banking and Payments was relatively flat as growth in North America was offset by some softness in Europe and Asia, which is directly tied to the timing of sales. Moving to slide 14. Corporate and Other revenue in the fourth quarter was $83 million with an EBITDA loss of $60 million. The Corporate and Other segment results include $79 million of corporate expenses for the quarter compared to $88 million in the prior-year period, reflecting ongoing efforts to drive operational efficiencies, which will be leveraged by the business model driving incremental profitability. As expected, this segment was approximately a 100-basis-point headwind to consolidated full-year revenue growth in 2017. This 100-basis-point head wind will continue into the first half of 2018, but should improve as the year progresses resulting in approximately 50 basis points of headwind through our consolidated revenue growth for this full year. We expect the impact that this segment has to overall growth become less meaningful as its contribution to our consolidated revenue continues to decrease. Moving to slide 15. Cash flow generation remains strong. Free cash flow was about $550 million for the quarter and $1.6 billion for the year, representing 108% full-year conversion rate, which was in line with our previous guidance. We reduced our debt by $1.9 billion in 2017 and had approximately $8.8 billion of debt outstanding as of December 31. As expected, our effective tax rate for the full year was approximately 28%. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million shares for approximately $100 million. Approximately, $3.9 billion remain on our existing repurchase authorization. The weighted average diluted share count was 336 million at the end of the year. Finally, we returned $96 million to shareholders through our dividends in the quarter and $385 million for the full year. We exited 2017 with a strong balance sheet and our position to continue to drive top line growth, margin expansion and strong cash flow to drive shareholder returns. Consistent with our historical capital allocation principles, we'll continue to invest in innovation and product development to better serve our clients. Our Board of Directors recently approved a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.32 per share. And finally, we continue to assess value-creating M&A opportunities. Absent any actionable deals, we will continue to repurchase shares. It has been a very busy time for our tax and accounting teams over the past several months, and the team's efforts have really paid off. I will now spend a few moments discussing the impacts of the recently passed tax legislation and implementing the new revenue recognition accounting standard. Bear with me here as there is a lot of information to cover. Turning to slide 16. The recent tax legislation resulted in a significant impact to our tax liabilities, which created a net tax benefit of approximately $780 million in our GAAP net earnings or $2.32 per share of diluted EPS for the fourth quarter. This net benefit is excluded from our non-GAAP results. This was driven primarily by the revaluation of existing deferred tax liabilities at the lower rate and, to a much lesser extent, the transition tax on foreign earnings. We anticipate being able to utilize foreign tax credits to effectively offset the transition tax, resulting in the net cash impact from our foreign operations being immaterial. For 2018, we anticipate an 8-point reduction in our effective tax rate from 28% to 20%. We believe we can sustain this 20% rate in the future years. This drives incremental earnings and cash flow into 2018 and beyond. As Gary mentioned, we anticipate reinvesting up to $100 million of this 2018 benefit into broader employee benefits and increased wages, higher innovation spend and accelerating data center consolidations. Roughly, half of this reinvestment will impact operating expenses in 2018. The remainder of the tax savings will benefit shareholders through earnings per share and dividends. Turning to slide 17, effective January 1, 2018, we are required to adopt the new accounting standard for revenue recognition. As previously discussed, we are adopting the standard by restating all historical periods to give a transparent view of the impact to all periods that show historical perspective comparisons on an apples-to-apples basis. Our prior period financials in 2018 planning will be affected by the implementation of the standard. The graphs on slide 17 shows these impacts for 2016 and 2017 on revenue, EBITDA and adjusted EPS. For example, the impact to EPS is approximately $0.15 for each of these years. We've built our 2018 plan and guidance under the new rules and anticipate a similar impact for 2018 as a result of the adoption of the accounting standard compared to the old rules. As previously discussed, and more importantly, this accounting change does not impact cash flow of the business, nor is it expected to have a significant effect on expectations of future growth. However, while ASC 606 does not have an impact on consolidated revenue growth for the full year, it does impact the segments. For 2018, IFS revenue growth includes about 1 point headwind and GFS revenue growth includes about 1 point tailwind. The most significant change was related to certain pass-through fees. About 80% of the revenue adjustment was from changing growth revenue recognition to net revenue recognition for these fees. This will have no effect on earnings. The majority of the EBITDA and EPS impacts are related to the deferral of early software license renewals to the original renewal date and software rental fees being recognized upon delivery rather than ratably over the rental period. We expect to publish our full-year 2017 10-K the week of February 19 under the old rules. Following this, in late February or early March, we will publish three years of historical financials reflecting the new rules. We will also provide supplemental quarterly data to help the modeling. At that point, all financial results reported in 2018 including historical results will be comparable under the new rules. Primarily as a result of the adoption of 606 and the related timing of recognition of known items, our GFS segment planned growth in the first half of the year is expected to be below our guidance range and growth in the second half of the year is expected to be higher than our guidance range, aggregating to full year growth guidance. While we expect this to impact GFS and result in consolidated revenue timing during the year, we expect earnings seasonality to be basically in line with the average quarterly contribution we've seen in the last few years. Moving to slide 18. With that behind us, let me move on to our guidance for the year. For 2018, we expect consolidated organic revenue growth of 2.5% to 3.5%, IFS revenue growth of 2% to 3% and GFS organic revenue growth of 4% to 5%. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin of 36% to 37% and adjusted earnings of $5.10 to $5.30 per share representing growth of 19% to 24% compared to a restated for ASC 606 baseline EPS of $4.27. Consistent with historical practices, we have provided supplemental planning assumptions in the appendix material. Moving to slide 19. We're exciting to enter 2018 with a more focused set of solutions serving the financial services industry, a healthy balance sheet coupled with strong cash flows and a meaningful share repurchase authorization. We are confident in our guidance for the year and our ability to continually drive value to our shareholders through our compelling business model and strong cash flow generation. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our first question will come from David Togut with Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, David.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, David.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Your 2018 outlook for IFS revenue growth of 2% to 3% or 3% to 4%, if we make the adjustment for ASC 606, what are the puts and takes embedded in that outlook? And in particular, are you seeing any more optimism among bank CEOs with respect to spending intentions for 2018?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes. If you look at how we exited the year with roughly 4% in Banking and Payments, low-single-digits in payments itself and in Corporate and Digital and roughly 4% as well, we would anticipate similar levels into 2018 in terms of the growth components. When you look at the 1% headwind in IFS and the 1% tailwind in GFS, the underlying business of both segments is doing about 3% to 4% with about 50 basis points of headwind from Corporate and Other, David. But we would anticipate similar expectations regarding it. With regard to overall spending trends, I think we still think around IT spend in the 3% to 4% level, which would be close to growth of the overall market, and we're growing in line with it.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes. Let me build on a little bit from a sales standpoint, David. As you know, historically, we're coming off Q4, very strong sales kind of across the board. We're looking good for Q1 in our pipeline. But, as you know, we have very long sales cycles. And then once you close the deal, very long onboarding cycles. So even if those changes do increase spend over time, to Woody's point, you'll see that translate into higher growth, and IFS especially really 12 months down the road, right? We've got to sell through that process and then you got to on-board it. So it really is a longer lag for us to start translating into our growth numbers.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Good. And then, as a follow-up, your EBITDA margin guidance calls for 290 basis points of expansion at the midpoint of your outlook. Beyond the SunGard benefits that might flow into 2018, what are the big incremental drivers of your EBITDA margin forecast?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Let me give you just a rough walk there, David. If you came out of 2017 at roughly 33.5%, the impact of ASC 606 is about an 80-basis-point benefit as we're having some of the no-margin revenue coming out for those pass-through fees. Divestitures for the year are about 140-basis-point benefit, and the rest is operational, driving you to 36% to 37% for the full year 2018 expectation.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Got it. And then, just a quick final question on capital allocation. You indicated that you do maintain an active acquisition pipeline. How do you think about capital return versus M&A in this environment, given where asset prices are?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, your point is valid. At least a few days ago, valuations were very high. So multiples are high in the area. I think you've seen us be very disciplined over the years, trying to find assets that increment our capabilities, add a new service or a new market or ideally both. But we're disciplined in terms of valuation. If we don't have deals that fit strategically or action where we don't meet our valuation screens, we'll certainly buy back shares. You saw us buy back $100 million in December and we're entering into 2018 with a $3.9 billion authorization.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you very much.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Dave Koning with Baird. One moment please.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Dave? Dave, are you there?
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Oh, hey.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, there we go.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Nice job. So I guess, just I have two questions. The first one, is it fair to think – you said 19% to 24% EPS growth kind of ex the ASC 606. Just looking at the numbers, it looks like about half tax and half core. So does that mean each of tax and core growing about 10% to 12% EPS for the year? I'm just trying to isolate what the core is growing.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Let me give you even an easier walk on this, Dave, and thinking about our midpoint of $5.20 in 2018 is a plan. You really need to add $0.15 related to the impact of adopting ASC 606, add about $0.10 related to the operating expense component of the tax reinvestment, and back out $0.55 related to the net impact on the tax rate differential. I think that drives you down to about a $4.90. And that would be an apples-to-apples pre-ASC 606 and pre-any adjustment for taxes.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got you. Yeah. So your core, yeah, 10%, 12% or so. Okay. That's good. And I guess, the second thing, just on ASC 606, just so we're clear on the segments, about $455 million of revenue comes out in aggregate. Is that about half in each segment? Just so we know what base used for each segment.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I would tell you more of it is going to be in IFS because, as you saw, about 80% of that numbers related to pass-through fees for interchange and network where the vast majority of that is in our domestic payments business or IFS. So the majority will be in the IFS group.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, like 70/30 or 80/20 or something in there?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Somewhere in that zone.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Well, thank you. Nice job.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Next question comes from Brett Huff with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: (30:42) back to your $4 or your $5.20 midpoint, that's helpful. Congrats on a nice quarter and a couple of questions for me. Number one, can you talk a little bit about data center consolidation? I know you guys are sort of perennially working on this kind of stuff. What kind of bene (30:57) did we get from it in last year, and what are we going to get from it this year? Is it measurable? Is that some of the underlying margin improvement that we're seeing?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Absolutely, Brett. We exited last year with a little over 38% in our private cloud. As I shared in my prepared remarks, end of this year we'll be over 50%. We are seeing a lot of benefit. The team's doing an excellent job of executing against. This is a big program, right, as we take all of these data centers that we collected over the years through acquisitions and consolidate them down in the U.S. but we are seeing real benefit. You're seeing it flow through some of the corporate line improvements in Corporate and Other and then that's translating into the business lines through our segments, through our allocations as well. And we'll continue to see that. As we look into 2018 and we're guiding to more margin expansion, that'll continue to be a contributor to that overall benefit.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. To add to it, Brett, it's certainly a contributor of margin expansion also as part of our confidence and continuing to drive margin expansion going forward. We're working through updating our business case connected to this accelerated spend. And we're going to come back at Investor Day and outline fully as to what the base plan and what the accelerated spend associated with the plan is driving in terms of benefit, timing, and savings. And that will be in May.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then, Gary, I think you mentioned some technology you've been working on in several different areas. And one that I didn't know as much about was a new open core platform. Can you talk a little bit about that?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. We've talked in the past, Brett, I mean, really, the whole industry is really based on legacy-based technologies, whether that would be mainframes or client servers, or whatever the underlying technology might be, but they're very close to nature historically. And so, over the years – over the last several years, we've been very focused on building the future of where we think financial services is going. And obviously, we need to enable our clients, our existing clients to upgrade, over time, to those new technologies, but they're also needed in order to continue to compete and take share going forward. So this year in 2018, we're bringing many of those new technologies to bear. And one of them is a fully open core banking system that we built from the ground up. It's day one cloud-ready. It runs and you can run it. Our clients can build their own user experience by coming through our open API framework or they can consume our new state-of-the-art user experience. But we think these are going to be very important launches as we look at where the future of this industry is going. We all know how all of the technologies are becoming more and more digitally-enabled. If you don't really start deploying some of these foundational elements, you're not going to be able to take advantage of that. And so we're not only excited about core componentization coming online, but our next-generation payments platforms and the other things that we mentioned in the prepared remarks as well. So 2018 will be a big year for us as we start bringing these to market.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's all I needed. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue, that will come Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Thanks for the presentation. I'm sorry if I missed this, but did you give the SunGard cost savings achieved in fiscal 2017? And I'm curious on the SunGard revenue front, how did that come in versus plan? Are you satisfied with the revenue synergies et cetera?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Yeah. The revenue synergies have done very well. The team has executed extremely well. Q4 is always a very busy quarter for us, given the nature of the SunGard assets and, frankly, the high concentration license fees, Tien-Tsin, so they executed extremely well. And we had the best quarter in sales we've had. So we're very pleased with where revenue is overall with the SunGard assets. We continue to see nice leverage of relationships. And we've cited a number of examples of that. So I would tell you, looking back on due diligence and what we modeled, the SunGard revenue synergies, they certainly exceeded our expectations. In the prepared remarks, we didn't get an exact number. But when we originally did the SunGard, we did declare $200 million of synergies and we exceeded that number by more than $125 million. And frankly, while we stop tracking through SunGard synergies at this point in time because company is so integrated into FIS, there's a number of programs that are still ongoing that's going to help us continue to grow margins for several years in the future. So we just couldn't be more pleased with how that overall acquisition worked out.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Well done. Just a quick second question, just on the margin front. IFS margin is quite high, I guess, it was 40%, 41%. You're getting closer to a ceiling here. And I'm curious does your – did you give margin outlook by segment in fiscal 2018? And does it reflect the ASC 606 adjustment?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Let me take first the IFS margin and are we reaching the ceiling. The quick answer is no. If you look at all the things that are going on with data center consolidation, if you look at our one-to-many model and how we're deploying software to, in some instances, thousands of clients, and you look at all of the focus that I just deployed about heightened innovation and the deployment of those innovations, those innovations will go into that base. So what will those innovations allow us to do? One, grow share, further cross-sell and up-sell into that base, which will drive more revenue that will come on at much more incremental margins. It will also allow us to consolidate some of our legacy platforms. We have, in certain areas, redundant platforms for certain functionality and we'll be able to consolidate that over time. And then, you add on data center consolidation. When you look at all those things, we think there's still plenty of room in IFS for the long term to expand margins. We'll go into a lot more detail than that in the upcoming investor update, but no, we're not to the ceiling that.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: And Tien-Tsin, we didn't give specific individual margins. We gave consolidated margin 36% to 37%. That implies around roughly 300 basis points of margin expansion. I'll tell you both segments are going to expand. IFS will expand less than GFS as we continue to drive operational efficiencies through GFS, but both segments will expand in 2018 operationally.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's great. Thank you, both.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Tien-Tsin.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in queue will come from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you can maybe provide a little bit of color on the institutional wholesale that's been quite strong, as you mentioned, for a while know. Do you think that 5%-ish outlook can hold throughout 2018? And any color can provide on the capital markets side more broadly?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I'll start from the sales perspective then let Woody build on it. We're very pleased with the I&W group and how they performed. Obviously, I just commented, they came off a very heavy Q4, which is very traditional for this business. I'll tell you our sales leader over that group's – gentleman by the name of Jim Neve continues to execute. He and his team extremely well with not only closing but also building out future pipelines, bringing in and expanding the sales talent to continue to grow the output out of our overall sales engine and doing that globally. So we're very pleased with that group. We're very pleased with the future. When we look at what's going on in the whole capital markets world specifically, one of the things that attracted us to SunGard is that was a very, very fragmented market. So lot of competition, lot of in-house developed software, and, arguably, a need for all those customers to take advantage of more commercial grade-type solutions. And we're seeing that in our sales efforts. So as we look forward to 2018, the team's going to be very focused on solution bundling, right, instead of just selling an individual product for a capability. How do you take multiple products build a solution to solve an end-to-end need within capital markets, and we certainly think we've got some of the best assets in the industry. I also mentioned on innovation. We're in some – we're in very late innings of some very large rewrites or development from the ground up of some of those capabilities that will really help propel us also into the future.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: And, Jim, to add some color from sort of how the cadence will go, because of ASC 606, we would anticipate the first half of the year particularly in the I&W to be a little lower than our guidance range and the back half of the year to be higher than the guidance range based on the timing of recognition there, aggregating to that 4% to 5% we outlined.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful. And then, maybe just going back to the broader macro outlook, in terms of what you're hearing from your bank customers, I understand that an improving spending environment may take some time to materialize, as you pointed out, in the 12-month range. But you look at your sales yesterday and the new deals that you're looking to sign, how do you think the two forces of higher rates and lower potential regulation is playing out in customer's calculus in terms of are they feeling less pressure to outsource with enhanced profitability? Or are they feeling any more willing to outsource, just any directional color on that would be helpful.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, I would tell you at this point in time, Jim, we're not seeing this massive increase in pipeline that we could point to, expanding interest margins and lower regulatory spend. We're also not seeing any trend that would suggest that more and more customers aren't looking to outsource. I highlighted Wedbush who's the third client for us coming into our Derivatives Utility. Frankly, what clients are looking for is how do we lower our total cost of ownership by leveraging commercial-grade solutions. If we can deliver that at a lower total cost, they're going to want to outsource that on top of just licensing the software. And we see no indication of those trends changing. I just highlighted we've got a very strong pipeline and we just closed out one – our strongest quarter in that area, and that pipeline continues to grow and the sales team continues to execute against that. But by showing some massive uptick from more of these animal spirits that people like to talk about, we've not seen that indication yet. But, as it does, if it does occur, what I'd suggest to you is, we'll first see it in our pipeline, we'll then see it in our closings and then we'll see it in our revenue after we do our on-boarding anywhere from 9 months to 15 months down the road.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question that will come from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Can you – I may have missed it, but the $100 million of incremental investments, did you guys specify how much was going to be recurring versus one-time at this point?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Of the $100 million, we would say the three areas we talked about being employee benefits, incremental innovation spend and incremental data center consolidation. The full outlay is roughly a 1/3, 1/3, 1/3. I would tell you half of the up to $100 million, we have operating expense in 2018. I would anticipate us continuing to invest in employees going forward. I would anticipate continuing to invest in innovation going forward. And then, hopefully, we can, at some point, get data center consolidation behind us and won't have to have that ongoing long term, but this would be a multi-year plan in terms of the spend.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Absolutely.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. The open banking platform that you guys talked about, cloud-ready day one, presumably, that's for your smaller institutions that are going to be within IFS. The question, I guess, I have is, is some of that ultimately like self-cannibalizing? And then to that extent, is there anything we need to be aware of as we think through the implementation of that affecting your revenue growth rate? Or is it all incremental?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, first, let me clarify one thing. Our open banking platform is not just going to be for IFS. We're actually seeing a lot of momentum in our GFS market around that platform as well. Frankly, when you look at some of the ancient architectures that are in place around the world, this is a great opportunity. As large banks want to transform their infrastructure, these are the kind of solutions they're actually looking for. So it'll actually drive benefit to both of those segments and a great indication of us being able to leverage our investment once across many markets. Now the reality is that platform will be deployed in different ways, right? So we would expect to see that because the customer demand is different, but we will get leverage out of that. From revenue growth, I think you'll see both. You won't see cannibalization as much. We will see our customers upgrading to it. So we'll see maintaining and growing of the existing revenue as customers upgrade to these technologies and then take additional services. And then obviously, we expect to see increased revenue growth by taking share as well with some of these newer technologies.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And if I could sneak one more in, your leverage now, I guess, close to 2.6 turns. And you said absent deals, you've got repos. I'm just wondering your appetite to do multiple smaller deals? Or are you kind of targeting the larger deals given the efforts that management team has specifically put into those types of things? Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. We would traditionally – we tend to look for something more larger, something that really brings us a substantial new offering to an existing market that we're serving or break us into an adjacent market. Obviously, we want to continue to make sure that we play a substantial market leadership role. And so that all tends to typically push you towards something on the larger side. To Woody's point, the values are high. We've never been an irrational buyer. We've never been someone that has just felt like they had to go do a transaction. And so frankly, Woody went through the capital allocation. We always like to look at investing into our existing capabilities or new products, which I highlighted a lot. We think that's a great way to continue to accelerate the growth of the company. And then, we'd always look if we can find something that really fits our strategy and makes sense for FIS to own, looking at those acquisitions, but if not, we still have a very large authorization from our board on share repurchases. And we'll continue to fall through that list in that order.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from George Mihalos with Cowen. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos - Cowen Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, George.
George Mihalos - Cowen Inc.: I wanted to ask a question on the M&A side. Maybe just to kick things off, I've always been under the impression that, from an M&A characteristic standpoint, you haven't wanted – you've avoided deals that would be dilutive to the overall organic growth rate of FIS. Just curious if your thinking on that has evolved at all, if there's a certain threshold, given some recent deal activity where you may put that aside to do something that would be very accretive for the business.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: You know, George, I don't think our viewpoint on transactions really changed. Obviously, we want to make sure that it's a good financial deal for our company, and, therefore, for our shareholders, so accretion is very important. Obviously, we want it to be synergistic, not only just through the operating line, but also through the revenue line. We want it to be complementary of our existing solutions set. So we don't like to swim too far out of that lane. So all of those are pretty consistent guiderails (48:19) that we maintain as we think through what potential M&A activity might be.
George Mihalos - Cowen Inc.: Great. Thanks. Thanks for the color, Gary. And then, maybe on the other side, how are you guys thinking about bank consolidation going forward in M&A activity in the FI space? Has that potentially bit of a bigger headwind for you guys going forward?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. It's a great question, George. We continue to see consolidation occurring in the market. We don't see anything that's going to slow that consolidation. Frankly, we're watching the SIFI classification. If you see that number raise up, this is just my opinion or our leadership's opinion, I think we've got an opportunity to see consolidation accelerate some there, feel like that SIFI classification has really dampened down some of that. So we're watching that closely. But those would be the things. We don't see anything that would slow consolidation although valuations are continuing to go up and banks tend to not be irrational buyers as well. But we're counting on 2018 to be fairly consistent and are in alignment with the consolidation we saw in 2017, but there could be some regulatory change that might accelerate that, but that remains to be seen; not really seeing anything that I would suggest is going to slow it unless it's just valuations get too far out of range.
George Mihalos - Cowen Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question in queue will come from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, Gary. Hi, Woody.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Hi, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. So as I look at the strong end to the year from IFS subsegments like Bank and Wealth, and Payments or maybe the institutional side of GFS, I'm wondering why this does not translate to stronger growth as we head into 2018. I think, Gary, does this have anything to do with – you mentioned APIs and cloud and new solutioning quite a lot in your prepared remarks. I'm wondering if there is a competitive impact or a pricing impact from these things.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. No, I wouldn't tell you that I think that we're losing competitively, because our existing software is not competitive. We're not seeing that. And, in fact, we continue to perform well in those areas in competitive situations. I think innovation, my comments were more about – and typically, we do this at FIS, we don't bring things to this call until we're ready to bring them to market. And so I think a lot of people thought we were strictly heads-down on integrating SunGard for the last two years. And frankly, we have been heads-down integrating SunGard. We've also been heads-down running the business. And software takes a long time to develop, right? And these are very complex systems. And that's more a future statement where I want you to realize that we are moving into the future. We're proud of what we're seeing around cloud-based technologies. We're proud of what the teams are building and we'll continue to do that. When you look at the headwinds, we did have a strong quarter on IFS and very pleased with that. Woody talked about some of the headwinds we're experiencing with the accounting change. Frankly, we continue to see consolidation high in IFS, right? I mean, when you look at the level of acquisitions are occurring in that space and depending on what subsegment of IFS that's occurring in, that can be a headwind to this business. But, no, we're very pleased. We are forecasting accelerated growth of IFS over 2017. We feel confident about that, that the team will execute. And so you'll see that growth continue to recover as we continue to cross-sell and grow through the markets.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for that. I'm just kind of saying that this late in this cycle – a growth approaching 3% does seem fairly paltry to a lot of people. But my second question is with regards to what specific capital return and repurchase assumptions are embedded in 2018 guidance. And could you comment on free cash flow conversion rate?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I'll take the last question first. We ended 2017 at about 108% free cash flow conversion. We anticipate 2018 to be about 110%, if not, a little more. I would tell you that we always look at capital deployment in terms of generating cash flow and redeploying that cash. We anticipate based on that conversion rate about $1.8 billion of free cash flow in 2018. We've got a bond to repay that comes due in the year about $1 billion. But we would anticipate maintaining our leverage at similar levels. So if we don't find M&A activity that is appealing and fits strategically and valuation-wise, we'd certainly repurchase shares, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Ashwin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Chris Shutler with William Blair. Please go ahead
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. What were term fees in Q4? And what's the outlook for term fees? And just to clarify on the buyback, you're assuming that besides debt paydown and any dividend, everything is used for buyback and that's what's in the EPS guide?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, on the term fees, we were about $21 million for Q4. That compared to $22 million last year. Full year was $59 million in 2016 and $64 million in 2017. We're expecting it slightly down, maybe $50 million in our 2018 planning for term fees. Again, on share repurchase, we look at excess free cash flow. And to the extent we're not paying down debt, we would certainly look at buying shares back, particularly, at these valuations for us.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, on the Derivatives Utility, maybe just talk about the incremental margin profile of that business. I know that the first two banks, you took on some staff from those firms. Is that true with Wedbush as well? And then I know there was a bit of a gap, like a two-year gap between signing clients. Just curious what the pipeline there looks like? Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Let me the take last one first and then I'll back into the other one. Anytime you're launching a utility like this, finding the right foundational clients to come into an environment's very, very important. We've done that historically at FIS and we could point back to a lot of those historical utilities. So getting the right partners early on is very important. But I'd also tell you these are very complex transactions. You've got to find clients who want to enter into something that is starting from scratch and someone who sees the vision of where this is going. And so it's a combination of finding the right customer to on-board as well as a very big sales effort. So I don't want to trivialize that. Pipeline, still got good pipeline on this. Obviously, we'll be on-boarding and selling more clients in 2018, and we're counting on that in the planning cycle. Also with any startup, just like you said, margins, because we on-boarded a number of people through the first two margins started out, and frankly, in a negative position as we build out that platform. But we're very confident that the utility will not only come into profitability. It will continue to expand and grow throughout 2018. So a very nice business for us. But like any business startup, it takes a while for to on-board and start producing. So we're certainly going to do that in 2018.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our last question from Ramsey El-Assal with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC: Sure. Thanks for taking my question.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, Ramsey.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC: Hey. In the context of 2017 results, 2018 guidance and all the recent divestitures, can you just take a step back and update us on your thoughts around the long-term organic growth trajectory of the business? Maybe help us think through what are sort of upside and downside risks to organic growth going forward and whether there's any potential accelerants you can conceive or call out?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, as far as long-term guidance, we're going to be updating all that at our upcoming investor update, which I'll talk about in the closing comments. So we'll certainly share that with you at that point in time. As Woody pushed forward, our annual guidance for 2018, you'll notice fairly tight bands on that guidance range. Frankly, when you look at the nature of our sales engagements, you'll look at the time to on-board – there's always only so much we can do to really influence in here. IFS has over 90% – right at 90% reoccurring revenues. So obviously, the ability to accelerate that material inside given 12 months is a little tougher. But as far as long-term guidance, we'll certainly share that with you in the upcoming investor update in May.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: If you look at some of the puts and takes, we've got headwind in Corporate and Other that will continue to diminish over time, 100 basis points, now 50 basis points looking into 2019 and 2020 continued further diminishment in terms of its impact on growth. The other common would be, while we have removed ourselves from some of the higher revenue growth through divestitures, we also have much lower margin business connected to that. So you're seeing our margin profile increase significantly, although it puts a little bit of a damper because some of those were higher revenue growth even though they were very low margin businesses.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And last one for me. I wanted to just ask about your view on P2P, and I guess on Zelle in particular. Definitely seeing an aggressive marketing campaign for Zelle here in the Metro New York area and also some nice volume growth being reported. Could P2P in general evolve into a longer-term contributor for you? And are you seeing any traction in particular on that Zelle relationship?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Let's just go payments broadly. There's so much going on in payments right now. We'll be giving you guys a full update in May on all that. We're very excited about all the changes that are coming in payments. And I think P2P is just one of many opportunities out there to really accelerate the growth in that area. As far as sales success, we've been very successful. We've already on-boarded a lot of clients into that, enabling them to offer Zelle. We've got a very full pipeline. So I think we'll continue to see that on-boarding. What we want to see, and I love to see the marketing campaign is real transaction growth that's going to then accelerate everybody's revenue. And so we'll certainly be keeping you apprised of that. But right now, we've had very good success in the sales cycle and a very full pipeline. We've had very good success with on-boarding clients. So we've got a lot of clients in production now with Zelle. And so as we watch the marketing impact kick in and some movement of those transactions and increasing those transactions that will naturally drive our revenue stream. But there's a lot more going on payments other than just P2P. And we'll certainly be giving you guys a real thorough update on that in May.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We are pleased to deliver another year of strong profitability performance and earnings growth. We have a robust pipeline heading into 2018 and we are confident in our business model, and, more importantly, our strategy. I invite you to learn more about our strategy and outlook and to see real-life results of our innovation investments by joining our upcoming Investor and Analyst Day scheduled for May 8 at the St. Regis in New York City. In closing, I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on and trust us to keep their businesses running and growing every day. I'd also like to thank our leaders and employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. It is because of both that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11:00 am. Eastern Time today running through February 20 at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 800-475-6701, and entering the access code of 442365. International parties may dial 320-365-3844. Once again, those phone numbers are 800-475-6701, and 320-365-3844 using the access code of 442365. That does conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
Analysts: David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. George Mihalos - Cowen and Company, LLC Damian Wille - Jefferies LLC Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS Global Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Also as a reminder, today's teleconference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Peter Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead, sir.
Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Brad. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FIS's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Turning to slide 2, Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer, will begin today's call with performance highlights for the quarter; Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results for the quarter. This conference call is also being webcasted with today's news release and corresponding presentation available on our website at FISglobal.com. Turning to slide 3, today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, as described in the press release and with other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on this slide. The materials presented today will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. Turning to slide 4, it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Gary to discuss the business highlights for the quarter. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Pete. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our third quarter 2017 earnings call. I'm pleased to report that FIS delivered another solid quarter of results. Earnings were, again, above our expectations. Top line growth was driven by balanced demand across our solution portfolio, our emphasis on operational effectiveness and executing our long-term strategy enabled us to deliver another quarter of solid returns to shareholders. Also our sustained focus on operational execution allowed us to deliver another quarter of very strong ongoing margin improvements. Based on this strong performance and a favorable tax rate benefit in the quarter, we are raising our full year earnings per share guidance for the second time this year. Woody will provide more details later in the call. Moving to slide 5. In the quarter, revenue increased to $2.2 billion and adjusted earnings per share increased 18%, which is above the high end of the updated EPS guidance we communicated last quarter. Turning to our strategy. We continued to execute on strategic actions that reinforce our near- and long-term plan to drive transformational results for FIS. For example, and as we've previously discussed, we continued to successfully shift the IP-led structure of our GFS segment to enhance its profitability and predictability by driving greater EBITDA and recurring revenue. This structural shift continued to be enhanced with the completion of the Capco divestiture in the quarter. As a result we exited the third quarter with GFS EBITDA margin expansion of nearly 400 basis points over the prior quarter – over the prior year quarter. We also continued to invest in transformational capabilities for our clients by leveraging assets from across our entire portfolio. For example, our new corporate digital payment solution, which we introduced earlier this year, has been rapidly accelerating the band over the last three quarters. This is a proof point of our ability to drive value for our clients by combining assets from former SunGard and FIS in new and innovative ways. Additionally, we have continued to invest in our infrastructure, aggressively executing on our data center consolidation and cloud migration strategy. Today, approximately 40% of all distributed applications processed in our data centers are running on cloud-based technologies. Not only does this possibly impact our bottom line, it also allows us to standardize and simplify our operations and provide more nimble delivery and security controls to our clients. Turning to slide 6 to review the segment highlights. Our Integrated Financial Solutions segment was driven by both balanced demand across our retail banking portfolio and wealth portfolio as well as our ability to cross-sell and up-sell within the segment's loyal client base. For example, two large financial institutions selected additional solutions from our wealth portfolio to gain operational efficiencies in their back office. Additionally, the U.S. arm of a global bank expanded its long-term relationship with us by entering into a first time IT outsourcing agreement to improve efficiencies and gain best-in-class security and risk mitigation. Retail payments experienced a difficult quarter, driven primarily by the tough EMV comparables that we have discussed in prior quarters. We continue to see strong card processing volume growth in our retail payments business and are pleased by solid adoption volumes for our loyalty redemption program with the introduction of new innovative redemption options. We are also pleased by early indicators of strong financial institution adoption of our new machine learning fraud solution, which is focused on our payments offerings. Fraud services has been a consistent strong grower for us over the last several quarters. Our Global Financial Solutions segment delivered solid top line growth in another strong quarter of margin expansion. The growth was underpinned by continued demand for institutional and wholesale products across all geographies including buy-side and post-trade solutions as well as risk and compliance. While we see some softness in trading volume due to lack of market volatility, this is being more than offset by new client wins that will bring additional transactions in future quarters. Our solution bundling and digital enablement strategy continues to drive new opportunities across institutional and wholesale and banking and payments. This includes a prominent Middle Eastern investment company who selected an institutional and wholesale bundle to support its buy-side ecosystem; and a North East-based financial institution with more than 150 billion in assets, who chose our banking solutions to stand up a new direct bank focused on gathering out-of-market deposits. Our growing pipeline, coupled with the strength of our business model gives us clear line of sight into the fourth quarter. This enables us to confirm we are on track to deliver full year consolidated revenue plan and will exceed our original EPS expectations which has been raised twice this year. Turning to 2018. We are fully engaged in our planning process encompassing all aspects of our operations and solution portfolio. Some of the focus areas include continuing our data center consolidation initiatives to drive additional scale and efficiency, executing on our investment strategies to bring modernized open architecture component-based solution and user experience-driven digital capabilities to market including the launch of our open API gateway co-connect and streamlining our portfolio, further enabling us to focus on our strategic businesses. Moving to slide 7. Our year-to-date results and outlook for the remainder of the year confirm that our strategic execution is driving direct value to our clients and shareholders. We remain focused on capitalizing on our scale to drive further operating leverage. These measures are aimed at delivering sustained value to our clients, continued long-term earnings growth and consistent shareholder returns. Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter. Woody?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on slide 9. In the third quarter, revenue increased to $2.2 billion or 1% on an organic basis and adjusted EBITDA was $760 million. This represents 180 basis points of margin expansion. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations was $397 million and adjusted earnings per share increased 18% to $1.18 per share compared to $1 per share in the prior year quarter, driven by a lower tax rate and margin expansion. For the first nine months of the year, revenue increased 2% on an organic basis and adjusted EBITDA grew to $2.2 billion, a 4.2% increase compared to the prior year period. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 210 basis points to 32.2%. Adjusted earnings per share grew 13.8% to $3.06 per share. Moving to slide 10. In the third quarter, Integrated Financial Solutions increased to $1.1 billion or 1.3% on an organic basis. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $458 million, representing 20 basis points of margin expansion to 40.9%. For the first nine months, revenue increased 1.8% on an organic basis and adjusted EBITDA grew 3.4% compared to the prior year period. Turning to slide 11. Banking and wealth grew 3.8%, driven by healthy demand across the solution set. As we've previously discussed, payments was affected primarily by difficult EMV card production comparable. Additionally, we had lower term fees in the current quarter. As we anniversary this difficult comparable, we expect payments to rebound in the fourth quarter due to an increase in forecasted volumes, a strong sales pipeline and an easier compare. Corporate and digital grew 3.5%, as Gary mentioned, primarily driven by growth in our corporate digital solutions and mobile capabilities, partially offset by slower growth in corporate liquidity. Turning to slide 12. In the third quarter, Global Financial Solutions grew to $1 billion or 2.5% on an organic basis. Adjusted EBITDA grew 5% to $359 million, reflecting margin expansion of 390 basis points to 36%. For the first nine months, revenue increased 3.2% on an organic basis and adjusted EBITDA grew 10.5% compared to the prior year period. Moving to slide 13. As expected, our institutional and wholesale revenue accelerated and grew 6.3%. Growth was driven by continued demand for our risk, compliance and global securities solutions and continued processing volume growth on our post-trade derivatives platform. In addition to the third quarter performance, and as we've previously discussed, we expect the institutional and wholesale business to have a strong fourth quarter which is supported by a robust pipeline. Banking and payments declined 2% as growth was offset by the previously discussed Sainsbury milestone in Q3 of 2016. We're pleased with the 4% year-to-date growth from this group and its long-term outlook. Additionally, this will be the last quarter we'll report consulting revenue in our consolidated results. Moving to slide 14. As expected, the revenue from our non-strategic assets in Corporate and Other declined 20.6% on an organic basis, primarily driven by a continued secular decline in retail check processing and client attrition in our global commercial services business. We expect these non-strategic assets to continue to be a headwind to overall consolidated growth. Corporate expenses were $75 million, which is about flat compared to the prior year quarter. Moving to slide 15. For the quarter, free cash flow was $402 million and over $1 billion for the first nine months of the year, resulting in a year-to-date free cash flow conversion of approximately 102%. Historically, the fourth quarter has produced the strongest cash flow generation. We remain confident that our full year cash flow conversion will be 105% to 115%. During the quarter, we paid down approximately $700 million in debt, and as of September 30, debt outstanding was $9.1 billion, resulting in a leverage ratio of below 3 times. We remain on track with our deleveraging efforts that began two years ago and are approaching our targeted ratio. As a result of these efforts, and our underlying free cash flow, we expect to generate excess cash in 2018. In the third quarter, we returned $97 million to shareholders through dividends and have returned $289 million in dividends year-to-date. We ended the quarter with weighted average shares outstanding of $336 million on a fully diluted basis. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate decreased to 23.5% for the quarter resulting in a $0.10 benefit to third quarter earnings per share compared to our original expectations. The decrease in our effective tax rate is driven primarily by higher than expected stock option exercises during the year and the impact of our foreign rate differential. We now expect our full year effective tax rate to be approximately 28%. At this time, we do not anticipate our effective tax rate to be this low in 2018. Before I update you on guidance for the remainder of the year, I'd like to provide an update on the new revenue accounting standard which will impact 2018. As most of you are aware, beginning January 1, 2018, calendar year-end companies must adopt ASC 606, the new standard for revenue recognition. We will be implementing the standard by applying the retrospective method of adoption. This option will require us to restate historical information applying the new rules. This will provide an apples-to-apples comparison for all the periods presented and we believe provides the most transparent view of the impacts of adopting the standard. Currently, we expect the following three main changes. Certain pass-through fees for services provided by third parties will no longer be included in revenue. Instead the revenue will be recognized net of these fees. This will have no profit impact. License revenue from early renewals will be deferred until the expiration of the original license term and the license portion of software rental revenue will be accelerated and recognized upon delivery of the license rather than ratably over the rental period. At this point, we do not anticipate these required changes to have a significant impact to our historical organic revenue nor adjusted EPS growth rates. In addition, these required changes will not impact cash flow. In February, when we provide 2018 guidance, we will also provide comparisons, showing the impact of the adoption of 606 on revenue growth, EBITDA margins and EPS growth for the historical periods. Moving to slide 16. We are reiterating consolidated organic revenue growth of 2% to 3% and GFS organic revenue growth of 4% to 5%. IFS organic revenue growth for the full year is now expected to be 2.5% to 3%. We are narrowing the range of our expectations for full year EBITDA to $3.40 billion to $3.65 billion. Additionally, due to strong margin expansion, coupled with the lower effective tax rate mentioned earlier, we are increasing our adjusted EPS expectation for the year to $4.38 to $4.43 per share. This represents 15% to 16% growth compared to the prior year period. We are very pleased with our year-to-date EPS results and outlook for the full year despite the dilution from recent divestitures. Moving to slide 17. We remain confident in the long-term financial profile of the business. We continue to focus on consistently improving cash flow generation, strengthening our balance sheet, investing for growth and returning cash to shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: And our first question today comes from the line of Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Hi, guys. Thanks for...
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Hi, Dave.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. I guess, my first question, the Q4 implied guidance is actually very good. So, GFS, it looks like it has to be 6% plus. IFS, it looks like it has to be 4% plus. I guess, A, I think those numbers, the math is right, just to check on that. But secondly, is this a better way, kind of, longer term to think about the business now the way Q4 is kind of shaping up post all the comp issues and all that?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think a couple of things, Dave. Your implied numbers are right. We're looking at a strong fourth quarter in both IFS and GFS. As we talked about, we're seeing some rebound in payments in terms of card production as well as some deal flow that we're expecting in the fourth quarter. GFS, pretty strong. We saw accelerating growth in institutional and wholesale, we expect that to continue to flow through and accelerate into the fourth quarter, and we don't have the headwind from Sainsbury. That said, are we looking to continue to at that level? It's probably a pretty strong growth quarter in terms of 5% IFS and 6% GFS, but we're pleased with the outlook for the fourth quarter.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Just to build on that, Dave, I mean, your other question though, we've talked about a several times. Q4 is always our biggest quarter. So now that all the noise is starting to separate out with all the divestitures, you'll continuing to see – in any IP-led business, you'll see, at least in our industry, that Q4 to spike up. We've got great momentum coming out of sales. Q3 was a very strong quarter across the board for our sales and the pipeline is also very strong. So that's why we're so comfortable in the Q4 outlook.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got you. And I guess, the one other question I had, margins look really, really good in GFS. Is there still significant expansion coming or are we kind of – has it been so good and with all the synergies coming in, are we kind of at the end of those synergies and it just gets tougher to expand margins from here?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, as we talked about, I mean, we're always looking for ways to be more efficient. The nice thing about our business, now that we've got a lot of our people services businesses out of our revenue, you're starting to see more of the leverage drop to the bottom line as we bring on more robust processing transactions. So while you're not going to see 400 basis points, you should expect to see, in both IFS and GFS good margin expansion in the coming years as we continue to consolidate data centers, as we continue to rationalize product. Frankly, as we continue to bring on more volume on these leverage deployments, all that's going to attribute to the bottom line, and the margin expansion.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Gary, as you approach year-end, I'm curious what you're seeing from your banking credit union customers in terms of 2000 (sic) [2018] in IT budget planning. Any shift toward more of a growth IT spending mindset, just given the deregulatory nature of this administration?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: It's a great question, David. Honestly, I just highlighted, in Q3, we saw a very nice result across the board out of the sales engine. We've had good resales result this year, but it's been lumpy. Certain segments have performed well one quarter and not the next, but balanced out. We've had good sales throughout the year. This quarter, we had good sales across the board. I think there's a lot of people looking to certainly make investments, especially in digital enablement. A lot of people are starting to push to modernize platforms. As we talked about in the past, would I be predicting a large tailwind from that for 2018. At this time, no, but I'm optimistic on some of the things we're seeing in the sales engines and seeing what we're seeing in the pipeline, but we'll continue to monitor a couple of quarters and then come back to you on it. My conversations at the executive level have been very positive and I think clients are definitely looking to figure out ways to get more efficient and actually drive more engagement with our clients and revenue. So that's a positive for FIS.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Good to hear. Just a follow-up on the derivatives utility. You had highlighted in the last year Barclay's and Credit Suisse's big signings, how does the pipeline look there?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: It looks good. It continues to perform very, very well. We've got to get – we talked about the next customers we sign will probably be Tier 2 in nature. We're working with several. We just got to get one of them across the line. And these are long sales processes, as you would expect, but I'm very confident that the team is going to get the next customer signed soon and we'll be bringing those on in 2018. But the growth rate of that business has been – performed very nicely with the two large anchor clients.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Got it. Just a quick final question. Woody, on the increase in the guidance for this year, how much of that is driven by a lower tax rate versus a higher than expected margin?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I would tell you in the quarter, we have a $0.02 beat in my mind on margin profile with a $0.10 impact from tax. So you would anticipate that flowing through, certainly. We're certainly looking at good margin outlook in the fourth quarter along with that growth. So, most of it is tax but certainly some operating beat underlying there as well.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you very much.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Hi, Darrin.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Let me just start off – hi. If you could – if you don't mind on the IFS side first, the change in guidance down, I mean how much of that was a surprise around term fee timing, or what was the impact of lower term fees there? And then maybe just to hone in a little more on the changes and what sort of caught you guys, if anything, off-guard in the quarter was revenue growth rate or if any of this was maybe just pushed to the fourth quarter? And Go ahead...
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I'd tell you two things. Term fees were lower in the third quarter by about $10 million. majority of that in the payments business, as you see the slide five there.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: The second would be card production. Card reissues are a little lower than we anticipated this year, so that EMV headwind is even higher than we thought. So if you combine term fees and card production headwind in the third quarter, it was about a $25 million headwind compared to where we thought we would land, so.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's what...
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: So there certainly been a headwind from our original expectation.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. All right. That's helpful on the IFS guidance side. So then – but beyond that, I mean when we think about the bigger picture here, I mean, you guys have guidance for long-term, we talked about IFS being 3% to 6%, GFS being 3% to 8%. I mean, again, there's a lot of tough compares that we're going over right now, and so fourth quarter reaccelerates. Is there anything that's changed in the model that's around that would indicate any difference to those ranges?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: The only one I would say is the high end of the GFS growth was potentially going to be driven by consulting growth.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: That's right.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: That's not there anymore, but I would still tell you that 3% to 6%, as we outlined back in May of 2016, is a reasonable guide for the long-term outlook of the company.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Good.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: And obviously, Darrin, as you're seeing at a much higher contribution margin, profit margin on the EBIT line due to the divestitures.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. And last question for me is just on this capital structure, revisiting that again. I mean obviously, your free cash, you're reiterating once again that 105% to 115% conversion should be strong, and obviously you're showing continued strong free cash. I mean are we still going to be in for very material buybacks, potentially keeping leverage levels at that 2.5 level? Just want to reiterate that's still your view, or if anything has changed incrementally around the M&A side. Thanks guys.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I would tell you that we – I'd say this. We're going to pay down all our prepayable debt in 2017, as we originally talked about, then get our leverage back in line with our longer-term targeted leverage. We will anticipate having excess free cash flow in 2018. You saw us get an authorization from the board for a $4 billion buyback in the third quarter. So we've got flexibly to utilize that excess free cash flow to potentially do buybacks. If we saw something that fits strategically and the value proposition was there, would we look at it from an M&A perspective? Certainly, we would but we would be defaulting back to some share buyback if we didn't have a higher, better use for that free cash flow.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks guys.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Hi, Brett.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Hi, Brett.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Can you talk a little bit about some of the institutional and wholesale strength you guys are seeing? I know you've talked about it and it's been kind of a trend. But how underlying is that? And as we think about doing our models for 2018, can you give us any sort of qualitative sense of the continuation of that strength?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Let me start from the sales side and Woody can step in on the financial side. I mean we're very pleased with what we're seeing out of the growth rate in I&W. As we talked about, when we acquired former SunGard, we saw the opportunity to accelerate that growth rate by pulling the sales organizations out of the direct business lines and leveraging that sales organization to sell a broader product portfolio, cross-sell and up-sell to existing clients, and that strategy has played out very nicely. The teams executed very well. As you see every quarter, we're just highlighting some examples of where now we step from getting just cross-sell and up-sells of the individual products, we're now moving into bundling where we're bundling those products and accelerating that growth further. We're also starting to see some combinations where I highlighted, they were FIS capabilities and former SunGard capabilities coming together. So that's a long-winded answer to we're very pleased and we do think that the growth rate will continue to be strong for the next several quarters in the future, not only just based on sales success to-date, but also pipeline, pipeline quality and where the team is executing today.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then can you just, again, follow up a little bit. One of the questions we get a lot is, how are we progressing based on our original expectation of not just cross-sales within SunGard, I know you broke down some of those barriers, but also really between FIS legacy and SunGard. You mentioned that a little bit. How are you tracking against that versus your expectations? And how should we think about that as a success of the acquisition?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I think as we've talked about on prior calls, we're pretty much in the early stage of that process. Frankly, when we originally did the SunGard acquisition, we saw a bigger opportunity of leveraging the ability to cross-sell and up-sell across the existing SunGard franchise clients and this bundling approach to really start deploying solutions. We saw that as the single biggest opportunity. Everything that would come out of leveraging a more holistic FIS relationship would just increase on top of that. But the team is doing an excellent job of really looking across the asset portfolio and coming up with interesting ways to bundle that. So we are starting to see pull-through on FIS to SunGard as well. We're doing something very interesting around a payment product that we've launched that came out of the corporate treasury solution that comes in to some of our clearing and payment capabilities. So there's interesting connections here that are really starting to drive value and get our clients' attention. So I think that will be the next wave, Brett, that you'll see us focusing on, but we're very pleased where we are with organic revenue growth regarding the former SunGard assets at this point in time, and it's certainly exceeding where we thought it would be at this point in time.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Great. That's all I needed. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you, good morning. I think, Gary, you mentioned you had some comments on cloud. I think you said 40% of workload is kind of being delivered on cloud. What's the goal there in terms of shifting more to the cloud?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, oh sorry, go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, no, that's it. What the impact on revenue is. I was just trying to understand that a little bit better since you talked about that.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, keep in mind, when we talk about cloud-based computing for us, that's – while that will help improve our solution nimbleness, our security posture, our availability, which will translate into continued sales growth, the main driver for us by moving to cloud-based computing internally is to lower our overall cost structure and you're certainly seeing it contribute to the bottom line significantly. We talked about in the last investor update, one of the big areas of focus for us is to consolidate the number of data centers we have in North America down to a single-digit number, and the team is doing an excellent job on executing against that. So what our goal would be is to move all of our distributed systems that can run in a cloud, not all of them can, but the ones that can perform in a cloud, we want to get that moved to cloud-based computing and it's the vast majority of the applications we process today. So it's going to make a substantial impact to our bottom line and, frankly, has been a contributor already this year or over the last 18 months as the teams executed against that. We're focusing an application at a time in a little more responsible way of moving that. And as those applications convert into our cloud solutions, by nature, they're now being processed out of our strategic centers going forward. So it's worked out real well. We've got several more years to complete all of those consolidations, but it's going to be a meaningful contributor to the bottom line and will certainly help us compete in the open marketplace to drive the top line.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Good to know. Just my follow-up, just the obligatory M&A question, just your appetite for deals, for larger deals given SunGard synergies are what you've been expecting?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I think we've got a proven playbook on doing large transformational transactions. I'll answer the question the same way I always do. We have to find something that makes sense strategically. It has to bring a new product, a new capability to an existing market, break us into an adjacent market within financial services or both. Culturally, the firms have to be aligned so it has to make sense to get the combination done. But to Woody's point earlier, we certainly would be open to doing something transformational, but it would have to meet the criteria I just laid out. But if not, we're very comfortable in returning cash to shareholders through share buybacks and other means. So at this point in time, we're focused on getting our debt back in alignment. Woody talked about getting all of our prepayable debt paid off by the end of this year and then we'll just see if anything makes sense.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Very good. Thanks for the update.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citibank. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Hi Gary, Hi Woody.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Hi, Ashwin.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Hi, Ashwin. How are you?
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good. Thanks. So you've raised the year outlook a couple of times. You're pointing to the upper end of the range here, possibly higher. You also have a three-year outlook that's $4.70 to $5.10. Does that also correspondingly go up? Or are you pointing us towards the upper part of that now? I'm not asking for specific guidance, but is there a reason why – given your comments on revenue and demand and margin improvement and Woody's comments on tax planning and such, is there a reason why we shouldn't be looking at the upper part of the range now?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think the challenge is, Ashwin, in giving a three-year outlook is things change. And we've had a number of moving parts, some being very good guys and some being not so good guys. Our tax rate is better than we anticipated. Our interest expense is better than we anticipated, but we've divested around $0.35 of EPS since that time horizon. So there's some moving parts back and forth. We're going to give some full color on that when we give 2018 guidance. But beyond that, we're not going to give 2018 guidance today.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Right, right. But I'm not asking for guidance, but what I'm saying is most people's numbers already include the impact of the divestitures that you've done. So going forward, as you kind of look at sort of exit rates and stuff like that, I mean if you consider the range as is, the lower part of the range is like a paltry 5% or 6% -- 6%improvement on EPS. The upper part of the range is fine. So that's what I'm asking about.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Again, we're not going to give 2018 guidance today, Ashwin. We haven't changed our outlook in terms of growth rates. I tried to outline that a couple of times over the course of the year, and then we'll give sort of a full recon from where we were in 2016 to where we go in 2018. But I would anticipate still getting good strong EPS growth in line with what we've outlined before.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. And one quick question on the nature of contracts that you're signing today and the pipeline. Is that – we've heard from a few sources that potentially the size of contract is a little bit bigger. The complexity of contracts is bigger. Is that consistent with what you're seeing as your core client base banks basically seek to do a lot of digital transformation, cyber security things like that? Are you basically selling bigger, more bundled solutions, and what's the impact of that?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, Ashwin, you know the company very well. As we've always signed larger contracts, it's due to – especially in IFS, the majority of that revenue is on an outsourcing basis. So that comes on at a much larger size and much larger complexity than, say a traditional product sale. What's interesting is now you're starting to see more visibility into the GFS revenue stream and you're starting to see that recurring revenue line increase and not only increase, be tied to more IP-led solutions. And as more and more GFS, which is one of the reasons why we highlighted the large global bank in the prepared script, as more and more GFS now moves to outsourcing Software-as-a-Service, however, you want to define it, you're going to see – yeah, we are going to see much higher revenue contracts associated with that. Frankly, as part of doing business with FIS, you're going to get highly resilient systems and certainly a level of cyber and security that our customers see benefit in. But our continued contracts tend to be more application and product-focused leveraging our data centers, and we're going to see that trend continue. Balancing that in GFS where you start swinging from a licensed model to a processing model, that's something that will take multiple years to really have that pendulum completely swing. But just like we saw it in IFS more than a decade ago, you'll see that occurring in the GFS model over time.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos - Cowen and Company, LLC: Great. Good morning, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, George.
George Mihalos - Cowen and Company, LLC: So, you've expressed confidence in that long-term outlook. Again, I think, Woody, you talked about comfortably being in that 3% to 6% range. But just as we think about going into next year, you're jumping off the fourth quarter with 5% plus rate of growth, is there anything today when you look at 2018 broadly that gives you pause for why revenue growth, organic revenue growth in 2018 shouldn't accelerate from, call it, the 2.5% that we're looking at for 2017?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think the only challenge I would see is we still have headwinds in Corporate and Other. The secular declines continue to be headwind, there was about a point of growth this year. We're working through the planning process right now, we're going through it right now. But we still think the strategic segments will be in line with the growth rates we outlined a few years ago.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. And George, I mean, as you think about, especially like in IFS, that risk-based consulting business we sold had been a headwind year-to-date for us. So we're also getting into a market where the comparables are cleaned up. The EMV has been a bigger headwind for us. Woody talked about some of the card production volumes. Those headwinds will start falling away, frankly, some of the tokenization work that was done in 2016. So we feel good about the growth rates in 2018.
George Mihalos - Cowen and Company, LLC: Great, really appreciate that color. And just a quick housekeeping item, as we think about the tax rate going forward sort of in the low 30s, 31%-ish. Is that sort of good place to be thinking about it long term?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: That's a ballpark, George. I'm hopeful something will happen out of Washington and that rate will go down. But I think that's a reasonable place to be thinking about it.
George Mihalos - Cowen and Company, LLC: We're hoping for the same thing. Thanks, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: All right. Thanks George.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Damian Wille - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good morning, guys. This is Damian Wille on for Ramsey. So actually kind of following up on the tax question there. I understand that how it impacts your business, but maybe can you speak a little bit about the conversations that you're having with your financial institution clients? Is there sort of an expectation baked into their sort of discretionary spend that there's going to be tax reform? Or is it more of a wait-and-see kind of dynamic?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: My conversations, Damien, have been more around a wait-and-see, right? I mean I think a lot of people, we're starting to see some regulatory pullback, but other headwinds, people are just waiting and seeing and seeing the timing of that. While we're seeing some benefits, the timing has been very of like regulatory pullback, the timing has been very hard to predict. So I don't see people ramping up anticipated spend in anticipation of, say, tax reform, right. People are focused on running their business. They're focused on how to lower their total cost of ownership, focused on how to retain and attract new clients, and those are the consistent conversations we have. Granted if we saw some pullback, would that be a help, yeah. That would create some more discretionary spend and certainly an opportunity to get to the longer list of projects that our clients are trying to get to.
Damian Wille - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And, so then I guess over in Europe too PSD2, obviously implementation is kind of coming up here. Can you kind of speak to some of the conversations that you're having over there? Is there maybe a slowdown in decision making or demand in the weeks and months before we head to implementation? Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: It's interesting. I just was over throughout Europe for an 11-day trip and I met with clients every day during that period, and obviously PSD2 was a very big topic in those conversations. I think people are very focused in hitting the date and hitting the compliance. I'd say certain clients are further along in that process than others. Certainly, for us at FIS, we've got a number of clients in market and we're certainly doing the things we need to do to meet the requirements, but everybody is focused on it. I do think that when you look at Europe in general, Woody and I have talked about it on prior calls, we've been a little disappointed in our sales performance in Europe over the past year or so, but we made some changes in our sales force. We've made some changes around go-to-market and how we're serving those clients, and I think that's going to reap some very nice results for us. So we expect our growth to perform better in Europe and there's a lot of opportunity to sell against those changes.
Damian Wille - Jefferies LLC: All right. That's very helpful. Thank you very much guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: For taking the question. As I – and I appreciate all the color on sort of the ins and outs, because you've got a lot of moving pieces in your business. As I step back and think about your global growth profile versus – and especially some of the things you're doing from a technology architecture standpoint – should we start to think about FIS on balance as being a little more margin-driven than revenue growth-driven as far as EBITDA expansion from here? Or am I overstating the case?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I think we've always been a combination, having 3% to 6% type top-line growth and ultimately driving 13% to 18% earnings growth. You certainly have got to do a combination of margin expansion with revenue growth as well as some of the other factors in capital structure. I think we'll continue to be a combination company, driving top-line growth in those ranges and expanding margins to continue to grow earnings per share double-digit plus.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. So balance is kind of the way you'd characterize growth in margin, I guess. If I think about the technology re-architecture to the cloud, does that have the potential to accelerate speed to market, accelerate innovation? Again, I guess it's a question of how much of that is margin facing versus revenue growth facing?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, no, absolutely it will. As you can expect, right, as you're porting these applications to our own cloud-based technologies, you're moving to a much more nimble, much more efficient architecture which it does increase speed to market with new capabilities, and I've been very pleased with how the teams responded to that. Obviously, that's a long journey, right, as you move these technologies to more cloud-based technologies, but it will absolutely increase our nimbleness. And our clients are already starting to see some of the benefit of that.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great, appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And our final question today comes from the line of Jeff Cantwell with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my question. You've been talking about the strength in your GFS margins which stepped up pretty quickly. Just hoping you could perhaps talk a little more about the sub-segments individually, I&W and banking payments in terms of their incremental margins right now? In other words, I'm just trying to understand a little better where the contribution to the margin expansion in GFS is coming from. Is it fair to say that I&W has the higher incremental margin? And banking and payments have slightly lower incremental margins than I&W? Just frame that for us, that'd be helpful.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. No, your framing is very well done. As you would expect, right in the I&W, which is also the majority of the former SunGard, obviously, we've had just fantastic success in synergies in combining the two companies. So you would expect a lot of that margin contribution, and ongoing margins have fallen there. Also the I&W business is much more license-focused today. So as you would expect, the contribution margin of a license fee is much higher. But with that as a backdrop, we've done – the team has done an excellent job of raising the margins in B&P and GFS as well. So I don't want to construe it as it's all in I&W and nothing in banking and payments. When I look on a go-forward basis, I would say because you're going to see more license fees starting to swing to processing, all right, you're actually going to see a bigger opportunity for margin contribution and expansion in GFS to come out of the B&P side as we continue to execute against some of our strategies there, but it's going to be well balanced. And so in the long- term, GFS will certainly continue to accelerate margins faster than IFS. The question always comes up would we be able to get GFS margins to the IFS level? We don't think so. But just given the scale in certain countries, I mean when you look at IFS' overall scale in the U.S. on highly leveraged platforms, we don't think that that will get there, but we'll continue to push it as close to that as we can over time.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Appreciate that. And also, I just want to ask a quick follow-up in terms of what you're seeing in India with regards to demonetization, remonetization, how that's impacting it. Can you just update us on India in terms of what your expectations are right now, so whether that could be a contributor or less of a contributor to top line for next year?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. It's a great question. India continues to be a very strong market for us. As most people on the call know, we turned our focus on India as a market several years ago, and the team has done an excellent job. It started out with a large payment solution that we rolled across more than 10,000 ATMs, but we've now moved that into core banking, we continue to see very nice growth in the core banking business. You now see us starting to roll out omnichannel capabilities in that country and more digital enablement. So India is, for the foreseeable future, going to continue to be a nice growth business. Obviously, some of the stuff going around with demonetization has caused some headwinds on some of our businesses, but it's also driven some benefit in some other areas. So the net of it is, when we look at India holistically, we continue to see it as a strong country for us and a strong growth, organic growth country for us and region, and we think it'll continue to be that way.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Appreciate it. Thanks very much.
Operator: And for closing remarks, I'll now turn it back to your host.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. In closing, I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on and trust us to keep their businesses running and growing every day. I'd also like to thank our leaders and our more than 53,000 employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11:00 AM today through November 14. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800 475-6701 entering the access code 430915. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. And those numbers again are 1-800 475-6701 and 320-365-3844. Again, entering the access code 430915. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
Analysts: David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC George Mihalos - Cowen and Company, LLC Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. Also as a reminder, today's teleconference is being recorded. And at this time, I'll turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Peter Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead, sir.
Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Tony. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FIS's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Turning to slide 2, Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer, will begin with performance highlights of the company; Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results for the second quarter. This conference call is also being webcasted with today's news release and corresponding presentation, all available on our website at FISglobal.com. Turning to slide 3, today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on this slide. The materials presented today will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. Turning to slide 4, it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Gary to discuss the business highlights for the quarter. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Pete. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2017 earnings call. Let me start today by saying I am pleased with our second quarter results. Revenue was in line with our expectations and earnings were above our expectations. Please turn to slide 5. We concluded the first half of the year with another strong quarter for FIS and our shareholders. And because of our overall strong performance, we are raising our full-year earnings per share guidance. In the quarter, both operating segments performed in line with our revenue expectations and exceed profit expectations. Our focus on operational execution allowed us to drive significant margin improvements. This exceptional work has also allowed us to complete several major milestones towards our strategic plan. First, we have been able to over-drive our initial synergy target for SunGard by over 60%, with the identified total run rate now exceeding $325 million. While we will continue to focus on driving operating efficiencies and cost savings, this will be the last call we will update you on our SunGard-related synergy programs. Second, with the closing of our consulting divestiture on July 31, we've made significant progress towards our portfolio alignment strategy, focusing on strategic IP-led businesses. Maintaining a minority interest in the consulting business enables our clients to continue to benefit from our involvement while we focus our capital investments on IP-led solutions. And finally, with our recent debt refinancing, we were able to reduce our total interest cost and tap new sources of capital. Our multi-year effort to build a scalable, global footprint with meaningful assets provided FIS the credibility to maneuver the successful alignment of our global capital structure. Woody will provide more details on this in his remarks. Over the last 18 months, our strategic actions have driven transformational results for FIS. We have successfully executed on a strategic shift to enhance the structure, profitability and predictability of our GFS segment. The SunGard acquisition, in conjunction with our recent consulting divestiture, on a like-for-like basis has expanded GFS EBITDA margins by over 1,000 basis points and increased its reoccurring revenue base to almost 75%. We have also increased our total number of IP-led solutions by 25%, supporting our industry-leading comprehensive global solutions suite strategy. And over the last 18 months, we have paid down over $2 billion in debt, which has positioned us to announce the new share repurchase authorization of $4 billion. All these efforts combined are proof of our strategic plan in action. These accomplishments allow us to leverage our exceptional global scale to create long-term value and are freeing up dollars to invest back into the core business. This provides future cash, flow which can be deployed for inorganic growth or returned to shareholders. These transformational results position us well for the next chapter in our strategy. With this strategic backdrop, let's turn to slide 6 to focus on the near-term results. We have exited the first half of the year in a very positive position, capped by the following Q2 results: organic revenue increased 2%; adjusted EBITDA increased to almost $750 million, a 7% increase over the prior year with significant margin expansion; and adjusted earnings per share increased 13%. Our year-to-date financial performance, combined with the strength of our business model, progress against our strategic initiatives and clear line of sight into the second half of the year gives us continued confidence in our increased full-year outlook. Turning to slide 7 to review segment highlights, our Integrated Financial Solutions segment drove anticipated top-line organic revenue growth for the quarter and strong year-over-year margin expansion. Importantly, this profitable growth was again driven by a broad base of solutions across the segment. Digital solutions continues to be a driver of growth, as evidenced by two large regional banks who invested in FIS solutions to bring advanced digital capabilities to their customers. We also saw another solid quarter for our small business solutions, which signed many new financial institutions and dozens of their downstream customers, while also seeing growth from existing customers in user and transaction volumes. Our Global Financial Solutions segment also delivered top-line growth at expected levels, with another very strong quarter of margin expansion. This growth was driven primarily by our international payments businesses and our derivatives utility. In addition, we continue to see the benefits of our extended portfolio, enabling us to expand our presence within the existing client base. For example, we successfully expanded a significant relationship with a financial holding company with more than $12 billion in assets through the addition of a new front-to-back securities processing solution for their retail and institutional business. Leveraging our existing relationship, we expanded our footprint through a new contract for these additional solutions and extended the term of the existing core contract. We also expanded our relationship with a leading trust company with more than $26 billion of assets under management. These are two great examples where we are now starting to get pull-through of SunGard's solutions into the existing FIS client base. Moving to slide 8, our consistent Q2 and year-to-date results and outlook for the remainder of 2017 confirm that executing on our strategy is driving direct value to our clients. We remain focused on executing on our multi-faceted investment strategy, capitalizing on our expanded scale and operating leverage and paying down debt. All these measures are aimed at delivering sustained value to our clients, continued long-term earnings growth and consistent shareholder returns. Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter. Woody?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on slide 10. In the second quarter, revenue increased to $2.3 billion, or 2.3% on an organic basis, and adjusted EBITDA grew to $746 million, a 7.2% increase compared to the prior-year quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 240 basis points to 31.8%. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations was $342 million, and adjusted earnings per share increased 13.3% to $1.02 per share compared to $0.90 per share in the prior-year quarter. For the first half of the year, revenue increased 2% on an organic basis, and adjusted EBITDA grew to $1.4 billion, a 7.1% increase compared to the prior-year period. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 220 basis points to 31%. Adjusted earnings per share grew 11.2% to $1.88 per share. Consistent with last quarter, a detailed bridge of revenue growth from GAAP to organic is included in the appendix material. Moving to slide 11. In the second quarter, Integrated Financial Solutions organic revenue grew 2.6% to $1.2 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $469 million, an increase of 4.8% compared to the prior year. EBITDA margins improved 90 basis points to 39.7%, driven primarily by favorable revenue mix and continued cost management. Excluding the consulting divestiture from both periods, which includes a small consulting group within IFS, this segment would've grown 4.3% on a pro forma basis, and EBITDA margins expanded 110 basis points to 40% for the second quarter. For the first half of the year, revenue increased 2.1% on an organic basis and adjusted EBITDA grew to $911 million, a 4.6% increase compared to the prior year period. Turning to slide 12, Banking and Wealth grew 2.5%, in line with our expectations. Payments grew 1.1% for the quarter, reflecting difficult EMV card production comparables that we have previously discussed. Corporate and Digital grew 6.1%, driven primarily by new client signings for our small business solution, coupled with increasing transaction volumes from existing users and consistent demand for our digital solutions. Turning to slide 13, in the second quarter, Global Financial Solutions organic revenue grew 3.9% to $1.1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $331 million, an increase of 15.5% compared to the prior year. EBITDA margins improved 340 basis points to 30.8%. Excluding the consulting divestiture from both periods, GFS would've grown 3.5% on a pro forma basis, and EBITDA margins would've expanded 420 basis points to 34.3%. These results are consistent with prior commentary on our strategy of growing higher-margin IP-led solutions and ongoing synergy efforts. For the first half of the year, revenue increased 3.5% organically. Adjusted EBITDA grew to $614 million, a 14.2% increase compared to the prior-year period. This represents 290 basis points of margin expansion. Moving to slide 14, our Institutional and Wholesale business increased 1.4%, driven primarily by our derivatives utility. Growth was partially offset by the timing of implementation work. We remain confident in our second-half growth expectations for this business. Banking and Payments grew 6.2%, driven primarily by steady performance in processing volumes in Asia-Pacific and Brazil, while Consulting grew 6.7%. Moving to slide 15, the revenue from our non-strategic assets in Corporate and Other declined 17.8% on an organic basis, consistent with our previous guidance. Corporate expenses were $75 million, a 4.5% decline from the prior year, driven by continued focus on cost management initiatives. Moving to slide 16, for the quarter, free cash flow was $275 million and $637 million for the first half of the year. For the first six months of the year, cash conversion was 102%. We expect cash flow conversion to be between 105% and 115% for the full year. As of June 30, our debt outstanding was $9.7 billion. In the second quarter, we returned $97 million to shareholders through dividends and have returned $192 million in dividends year-to-date. We ended the quarter with weighted average shares outstanding of 334 million on a fully diluted basis. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate decreased to 29.5% for the quarter, resulting in a $0.03 benefit for the second-quarter earnings compared to original expectations. The decrease in our effective tax rate is primarily driven by a year-to-date combination of tax benefits related to stock-based compensation and from higher international profits. We now expect our full-year rate to be about 30% to 31%, versus our original guidance of 32%. Moving to slide 17, since our last call, we executed two significant transactions that create long-term benefits to shareholders. On May 23, we announced the sale of a majority stake in our consulting assets, which consisted of Capco and a small consulting group from the IFS segment. The transaction closed on July 31 and produced $469 million of upfront cash proceeds, or $441 million net of taxes and deal-related expenses, and included a retention of a 40% equity interest in the business. The transaction initially values our retained equity interest at about $175 million. In 2017, these businesses were expected to contribute $630 million of revenue, $75 million of EBITDA and approximately $0.15 to $0.17 of earnings per share for the full year. The majority of the earnings per share contribution, $0.11 to $0.12, was expected to come in the second half of the year. We expect $0.01 to $0.02 of earnings per share contribution from the ongoing minority interest in the interest, resulting in net dilution of $0.10 per share in 2017. On June 26, we successfully priced our inaugural European debt offering of €1 billion and £300 million at a weighted average coupon of approximately 1%. Simultaneously, we launched a tender offering on $2 billion of outstanding debt, with a weighted average coupon of approximately 4%. The tender was funded on July 25 with proceeds from the European bond issuance and borrowings from our revolving credit facility. On July 31, all the proceeds from the divestiture of the consulting assets were used to pay the revolving credit facility. This transaction highlights additional value from our global footprint, by utilizing our assets and cash flows in Europe to optimize our capital structure, allowing us to issue debt in favorable market conditions. We're able to designate this new debt as a net investment hedge against the equity in our European operations, eliminating currency risk. This transaction is a continued evolution of our capital structure to align with global operations and gives us access to a broader investor base and new sources of capital. These refinancing activities will reduce our interest expense by approximately $25 million for the remainder of the year and about $60 million in 2018. Overall, this transaction will provide $400 million of total interest expense savings over the next eight years. Finally, our weighted average interest rate declined 60 basis points from approximately 3.9% to 3.3%. Turning to slide 18, for 2017, we are reiterating our organic revenue growth rates and revising consolidated and segment revenue dollar ranges due to the divestiture. Full-year consolidated organic revenue growth is expected to be 2% to 3%, resulting in a range of $9.1 billion to $9.2 billion. IFS organic revenue growth is expected to be 3% to 4%, resulting in a range of $4.62 billion to $4.67 billion. And GFS organic revenue growth is expected to be 4% to 5%, resulting in a range of $4.15 billion to $4.2 billion. Despite our relatively slow start to the year on a top-line basis, which we expected, we remain confident in the full-year growth rates we provided at the beginning of the year and the underlying strength of the core operating segments. Turning to slide 19, based on the results of these transactions, operating performance and our lower tax rate, we are increasing our full-year adjusted EPS guidance. Our increased range includes $0.10 of dilution from divestitures, which is more than offset by a combination of a $0.05 benefit from the impact of the debt refinance and a $0.07 to $0.12 benefit from year-to-date performance, outlook for the remainder of the year and a lower tax rate. The net impact to full-year 2017 adjusted earnings per share guidance is an increase to $4.22 to $4.32 per share or 10% to 13% growth compared to prior-year period. I also wanted to give some insight into our expectations of the quarterly earnings spread for the second half of the year to help with modeling. In light of the timing of these changes noted above, we expect our third quarter earnings results to be between $1.04 to $1.06 per share. Adjusted for the timing of the consulting and public sector divestitures, and the refinancing activity this summer, normalized EPS growth would be approximately 10% in the third quarter. Finally, we are announcing the authorization of a $4 billion share repurchase program, which will expire at the end of 2020. While we remain focused on deleveraging our balance sheet, we are anticipating generating excess cash flow in the fourth quarter and throughout 2018. Our revised 2017 EPS guidance does not anticipate any share repurchase impact. We are pleased with the execution in the first half of the year, which allows us to increase our full-year EPS guidance, even with the divestitures. We continue to focus on consistently improving cash flow generation, deleveraging our balance sheet, investing for growth, and returning cash to shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our first question will come from David Togut with Evercore. Please go ahead.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, David.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Morning, David.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Good to see you raised the SunGard cost take-out target. My question is on organic growth, perhaps in the SunGard assets, but more broadly enterprise solution selling, which was a key goal of yours when you acquired SunGard. Are you starting to see that enterprise selling, let's say, across the mid-tier and Tier 1 banks with SunGard?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes. David, it's a great question. The quick answer is yes. I highlighted a couple of examples in my prepared remarks, but we really are seeing the ability, as we discussed when we originally brought SunGard, SunGard operated in a very independent, product-by-product basis with separate sales teams, et cetera. We consolidated all those sales organizations into a global sales force. We've also consolidated the products that belong together under common leadership, and we're now starting to bring bundles and packaging of solutions to market. And we are starting to see that pull-through, as we discussed when we announced SunGard. We thought the timing would take about 12 to 18 months. And honestly, that's about what we're seeing. You first have to bring the sales forces up to a global basis, get everybody trained on the new solutions, obviously, do some development work to integrate those better, but highlighted just a couple of examples of that this quarter. And we believe that's going to continue.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. And we've seen this initiative from BofA, Goldman and Morgan Stanley, Project Scalpel to form a consortium to try to bring down their trade processing costs. And I'm wondering if you've had any talks with those banks around outsourcing derivatives processing, given the strength you've highlighted in that business.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, we never talk specifics about our pipeline, but we have been talking to a lot of people. What you're seeing is in all of the large global institutions, you're seeing a lot of people looking for ways to take their various in-house developed products or one-off products, leveraging those to get costs taken out and actually improve service levels and delivery. And so we highlighted our derivatives utility and how well that's been performing. We got very full pipelines on a lot of these types of initiatives, where we're leveraging more of a utility outsourcing processing approach to some of these systems that more traditionally have been run in-house historically.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. Quick final question on capital allocation, good to see the $4 billion increase in the share repurchase. On your current capital structure, you're a little under 3 times net debt-to-EBITDA on your 2017 EBITDA guidance. So more broadly, how are you thinking about capital allocation here? And do you have an appetite to do another strategic transaction like SunGard?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes. I'll start and let Gary add some color. With regard to the leverage itself, we had talked about being in the 2.6, 2.7 range by the end of 2017, targeting getting back to around 2.5 times. That said, based on the refinancing activity we've done, we'll repay all our pre-payable or maturing debt by the fourth quarter, so we'll have some excess cash then. We certainly anticipate having some excess cash flow, significant excess cash flow, in 2018 that we could apply across a number of different ways, but we wanted to make sure we had some flexibility to do share repurchase. I think we're always looking to add strategic capabilities and expand our market capabilities, but we always do that in a disciplined way, looking at financial strategic value and relative valuation. Right now, we think on a relative basis, we're a very good buy. So we wanted to make sure we had access to buy some of our shares back.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes. I think, David, just to add a little bit to that, that's exactly where I was going to go. If you look at our current valuations against the rest of the market, we feel like we're a very good buy opportunity ourselves. Frankly, once we get our debt paid down to a level, we will continue to look for ways that will bring us a new product or a new service to an existing market we serve or break us into an adjacent market of financial services, or ideally both, but to Woody's point, it's got to generate a strong return for our shareholders and it has to make good strategic sense. And so we're just not a company that looks around to do big acquisitions that don't fit our overall strategy. But we'll continue to drive the company in the manner you've seen for the last several years out of this team.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Greatly appreciate the insights. Congrats on the strong results.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, David.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah, hey, guys. Nice job.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah, and I guess, first of all, just a couple modeling and understanding questions of the GFS segment. You guided now to $4.15 billion to $4.2 billion of revenue. I'm wondering for this year now, if that includes one month still of Capco in Q3 or if you wiped out Capco for the back half? And then secondly, if your FX guidance in that segment, I think you have a $75 million headwind early in the year, if that's kind of wiped out now because FX has gotten better?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, I'll hit your FX first. As you know, our organic calculation excludes FX and it excludes the impact of acquisitions or divestitures. With regard to FX, you're right. We had a very minor impact in the second quarter. And right now, based on FX rates, we are modeling a very insignificant impact for the full year. Neither one of those would impact organic growth in the way we calculate it. With regard to Capco, we are removing Capco from the organic base and the consulting businesses from the organic base, so they would be out of the number. But the 4% to 5%, again, removes any divestitures and removes any FX.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Gotcha on that. And then, I guess, secondly, just on EBITDA progression, your margins have gone up so rapidly because you've so quickly taken out costs. And we're at a point now where it seems like you're at a pretty full synergy level. Is there still room for a lot of margin expansion in the overall business or are we getting back to that kind of more modest level as we look into the next couple years?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, I think we guided to what we think we'll consistently see from regards margin expansion over the next several years out of the business. The quick answer, Dave, is we still see a lot of opportunity to continue to get more efficient with the overall company. The reality, to your point, we've integrated SunGard. We're about six months ahead of where we thought we would be at this point, maybe even a little more. The team's done an excellent job, but, at this point in time, once you get these companies so integrated, it's very difficult to tell is this is really a synergy related to the acquisition, or at this point is it just good operating execution focused on getting leverage out of the global enterprise. And so we'll continue to focus on that, as we always have year-in and year-out. But we're very confident that we'll continue to see good margin expansion out of GFS for the next several years. There's a lot of opportunity with right-shoring of talent. There's a lot of opportunity in data center consolidation. There is a lot of opportunity in product consolidation, both in IFS and GFS. So we feel very good about continued margin expansion over the next several years.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question in queue will come from Darrin Peller with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, guys, nice job. So just starting off, obviously, compares in the quarter were tougher around EMV and then the people-based contract lapping. I guess first of all, if you back those out, any idea what your organic growth would have been in the quarter? And then, if you can also you provide us on the other items that would drive acceleration in the second half, and whether those are sustainable as a run rate into 2018, how to think about that going forward. And then, Gary...
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Just a follow up on the overall market, sorry. Just, Gary, if you can also comment on the kind of conversations you're having with the market, the sentiment with your clients, what kind of specific areas they're investing in? Thanks, guys.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Darrin, with regard to your first one, we've done some calcs, and we tried to give some color in the prepared remarks around what organic growth would look without the consulting business. We haven't pulled out what the impact of, specifically, of the risk-based project and some of the compares are, particularly on the EMV, because that's just ordinary business, difficult compares, and we've got to grow through it.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Exactly.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: But it'll certainly help both IFS and, we believe, GFS for full year in terms of organic growth. Probably, more importantly, it helps both their margin profiles. IFS would be up to about a 40% margin with it and GFS would be in the 34%-type, which is a significant improvement from a few years ago from a structural improvement. So it'll definitely help organic revenue growth. It'll help margins, but we haven't specifically carved out all the moving pieces there that you just mentioned.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, but, I mean, so compares get easier for sure in the second half. Any other variables that would drive some acceleration, which I know is sort of embedded in your guidance, and whether that's sustainable into next year?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, we certainly think once you move compares out, the original guides that we had, which was around 3% to 6% on IFS and 3% to 8% on GFS, still hold together. You certainly should see some improvement in acceleration in the back half of the year, particularly in the strategic segments. As you know, we were looking at about a 1 point consolidated headwind from Corporate and Other, but feel very good about the strategic segments, about the growth rates we outline, and about where they can go long-term in those sustained rates we mentioned back in May of 2016.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, and keep in mind, Darrin, before I get to your question about the conversations going on in the market, keep in mind, especially in the GFS group, with bringing the former SunGard business into the mix, Q4 is always historically a heavy license quarter, right?
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right, right. That's fair.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: So you get a lot of license activity typically in Q4, where our financial institutions are agreeing to move forward with a project, signing that in Q4 so that it can kick off in early Q1, and then deliver in the next year. And so we don't see that trend changing. So, by nature, when we look at our planning, and as we plan the year, naturally, Q4 does accelerate because of that. Getting back to your question about the conversations going on in the market, really a lot has not changed from what we talked about in previous quarters. There is a tremendous amount going on in the market, so people are looking to push as much to an outsourced fashion as they can to lower their overall cost; a lot of focus on digital, but the extension of digital to really next-generation user experiences. So what we used to think of as the digital interaction around mobile, you know mobile banking has now extended very dramatically over that time. We're seeing a tremendous amount of activity around data. We're talking to our customers about how they maximize data and address stuff like how do you take fraud to the next level utilizing data. How do you take next available product and interact and build relationships through data with customers. So and that then leads us all into a lot going on in the payments ecosystem as well. A lot is going on in real-time payments; once again, all abilities to help streamline processes. And whether we're in the U.S. or outside the U.S., and whether we're in very, very large institutions or even community institutions, those conversations resonate very well.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: And so we're seeing a lot of activity around those for us. (31:26)
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great, all right. Just a quick follow-up on the buyback again, and then I'll turn it back to the queue, but, look, I mean, you guys historically were very shareholder-friendly, obviously, before the SunGard deal, you would keep your leverage ratio at a certain rate, and add leverage, and keep buying back stock with a considerable amount of free cash flow. Is that the strategy we should expect to resume again with regard to if there's not a real tuck-in deal or a real acquisition, you can assume that most cash flow is going to go towards the dividend and entirely toward buybacks, with even the extent of maybe even keeping leverage at 2.5?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, I think you've seen us do exactly that in the past. We feel very comfortable at an aggregate 2.5 times leverage. That says we grow, right? You could even take on some debt to continue to keep that leverage at that level. But you've seen us default to share buyback versus trying to just reduce debt lower than that.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: So you've seen us do that a number of years, then we did the SunGard acquisition. We're getting our debt and our balance sheet back to where it needs to be, and you could certainly see us moving back into that from a default position while continuing to look at continued (32:29) opportunities.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right, very good. Sounds great. Thanks, guys.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Darrin.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Darrin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue, that will come from Brett Huff with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning and congrats on a nice quarter, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Brett.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Brett.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: The free cash flow came in a little bit lighter than we thought for 2Q, and even for the first half. I don't think the conversion maybe was quite as good as what you guided, Woody, I think, 105% to 115% for the year. Can you just run us through the thoughts on that and what kind of changes, if it's working capital or other?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, I think it is just working capital movements. You've seen some timing around cash tax payments and some of the divestiture activity that we've had. Q2 is always our lowest cash flow generation item over the last four or five years. So what we try to do is not look as much on the quarter-by-quarter cash flow generation, but look at what the total year's going to do. Through the first six months, we're at 102% and I think again we're going to be at 105% to 115%. Some of that comes through heavier cash flow at the end of the year, with renewals and license maintenance that we've always seen in the past. So feel good about it, have good visibility into it, Brett, so.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just on the guidance you guys raised, which is great, give us a sense of how you feel about that conservatism-wise. I mean, I think many folks have felt that you guys were being very prudent about kind of what your guidance was in this raise. Is it a little bit less conservative or how do we feel? What's kind of our stance on how the pro forma EBIT, (34:02) EPS guidance plays out?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes. I would tell you we feel very good about what we've laid out to the market, continue to take a conservative stance on the guide to make sure we are delivering our expectations, if not exceeding those expectations. So it seems like every time I put a guide together, some of the broader groups tend to get a little higher than I do in terms of picking a midpoint. But that said, I feel very good about where we're at, what we've guided to and have continued to keep a conservative stance on it.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: And then...
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, Brett, just building on that, if you look at the back half of the year, we're obviously just very confident that we'll continue to be able to deliver the results we've delivered for the last 18 months. And so, the team's executing very well. The sales pipeline is strong. Obviously, we've got to go still close business for the back half of the year, but, as Woody and I always do, we dig through the results very aggressively and meet with the teams and we're confident in the back half of the year.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: And just last, just remind us, you mentioned a couple of things. We got 100 basis points headwind in Corporate, still organic revenue growth this year, if I'm remembering right. And then, also the people-based project, I think, in IFS is about 100 basis points. Are those the two biggest chunks that we can expect to not – or that we can lap into next year as we think about your long-term guidance and hitting that?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes. Those are the two biggest chunks. We had a convergency in Q3 of last year that we called out last year. I want to say it was around $15 million, but that's outlined in our view this year, but those are the big chunks, Brett.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's what we needed. Thank you.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question in queue will come from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could maybe talk specifically about the SunGard and broader Institutional Wholesale business, growth there a little bit less than I think we had modeled, but you called out some of the one-time impacts in the quarter. Can you maybe just talk about the complexion of the discussions you're having with customers around the capital market space right now and whether you see any kind of discretionary spending for things like software investments freeing up or was that still muted until we get into a little bit better interest rate environment or something else?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, Jim, I'll tell you. We're actually very pleased with the whole Institutional and Wholesale business and how it's performed. The sales team's done very well. Frankly, as we've shared on a number of calls, when you look at that business, organic revenue growth quarter-by-quarter can be more lumpy, just due to the timing of license fees. You've also got through revenue recognition, opportunities where you sign a license, you can't recognize it because you've got professional services tied to it and so then you get that license fees over the delivery of that professional services work. But, frankly, I&W team right in where we thought it was going to come in for the quarter. We feel very good about the back half of the year in that business, given the pipeline and given the results the sales team's been able to get and, frankly, the operating business and their ability to get the software implemented and launched. So we feel good about the business. Conversations continue to expand in those markets, as we've shared. It's really kind of unique. The capital markets area is really kind of a unique area for us since we did the SunGard acquisition. And as we have conversations with those customers, there's a real drive to try to get cost out and to get more on a commercially-available solution which plays, which is a very good thing for FIS going forward and I think that resonates in our pipeline and the results we've seen.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks. And then, maybe as a follow-up, can you maybe just comment on the international business broadly? You talked about the growth in A-Pac and Brazil. Are we back in a position where emerging markets can continue to drive double-digit growth for the foreseeable future? And then if you can maybe just make a comment broadly on the business in the UK.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, I would tell you when I look at the overall international business, we're pleased with the results of how it's performed this year. We got some very nice clients that we've on-boarded and we're seeing the results of that; once again, depending on the region. We highlighted Payments in Asia-Pacific, continues to do very well. We see some strengthening in Brazil with our joint venture. Other areas, frankly, Europe continues to be muted for us, right? So the team continues to execute there, but just in general that's more of a muted market for us in general. So will we see it return to strong double-digit growth? We certainly aren't planning for that over the next several years, but we do think it'll be a strong contributor to our overall growth in the future.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will come from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to ask on Capco if the minority agreement in any way terms-wise preserves the merits of owning Capco outright; in other words, I know, Gary, you've talked about how it was the tip of the spear, helped you get a lot of relationships. So how does that impact your ability to replenish your pipeline going forward?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Frankly, we're very pleased with how this ended up, we're 40% ownership. We think it does maintain all the benefits we were getting out of Capco historically, but also, frankly, gives them the necessary independence to really grow that business. I think we've shared before, we intentionally muted the growth of Capco, just, frankly, because we wanted to direct our capital investments to some of the more IP-led, higher-margin businesses. With their independence, they're now going to get the ability to do that, but yet we're still going to be able to bring them in or they can bring us in from that tip of the spear. We've got a lot of great relationships now with common clients that we've built over the last five plus years. That also gets to maintain those relationships. The last thing we wanted to do was for our clients where we brought in consulting expertise, to feel like we've abandoned them in that transaction. So we believe this combination really allows us to get the best of both worlds. There'll be several people in FIS involved on the board of Capco going forward. So all-in-all, we think it's kind of the best of both worlds for us.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sounds like a good outcome. And then, just as follow-up, just overall, obviously, the push towards is IP is happening; you did Capco. I mean, is there more to do? I know you have some professional services businesses, some more classic sort of tech outsourcing businesses. While I know it's small, but is there potentially more to do?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We're always looking and hopefully, we've showed that. We've always looked at assets that are within FIS that might work somewhere else, be more strategic under a different ownership structure. We really have right-sized the portfolio very significantly. Frankly, there's a couple of solutions sets that probably would belong somewhere else. But frankly, as we've discussed in the past, some of those are very hard to sell, just given the dynamics of what are going on in those businesses. So we'll continue to look at that, but I would tell you in general, we would say overall the asset pool has been pretty well right-sized over the last 18 to 24 months.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, as always.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from George Mihalos with Cowen. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos - Cowen and Company, LLC: Great. Thank you and nice job on the quarter.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, George.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, George.
George Mihalos - Cowen and Company, LLC: Two quick modeling questions, if I can ask, one, Woody, when you guys did the SunGard transaction, one of the key things was bringing down the tax rate. You're obviously making good progress there. Is there more room to go below that 30% to 31% tax rate longer-term or is that sort of a good way to think about it going forward? And then just lastly, the mechanics of the minority interest with the 60% Capco sale, I think you said from the $0.11 to $0.12, you'll make up about $0.01 or $0.02 from the 40% share that you still own. Why wouldn't it be higher than that? Why wouldn't it be something closer to $0.04? Just want to make sure I'm understanding that. Thank you.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I'll answer your second question first with regard to it not being $0.04, only being $0.01 to $0.02. The new owners put a little bit more leverage on there in terms of what we would do, and they'll continue to invest heavier as they try to grow that top line within the consulting business. So you're not going to see the same amount of net income that will ultimately pick up our 40% share. That's the biggest delta between just picking up 40% of what we operated it at from a margin profile. The second would be around the discussion point around the revenue growth profile and what it looks like. So, ultimately, we think it'll flow. It'll flow like that.
George Mihalos - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Great. Just on the tax rate, is there more room for that to go below a 30% longer term, or is this sort of a good way to be thinking about the business? Thank you.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, I think the tax rate itself, I think this is probably about where it needs to be, George. We had a bit of a catch-up in Q2, which is around a higher stock-based comp, higher international profits. I'll caveat that with as we continue to see margin expansion outside the U.S. in those lowers rate jurisdictions, we'll continue to see a lower relative tax rate than maybe some others in the business. But 30% to 31% is a pretty low effective tax rate.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: To build on that, George, I mean obviously, we've seen the tax rate come down fairly dramatically, as you pointed out. You'll now start seeing more operating execution. And naturally, as we grow the international business, you'll see benefit from that.
George Mihalos - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks. Nice job, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: All right. Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, hi. Just looking at the IFS business and the Payments business, obviously, it's being watered down because of the EMV comparables. What is a more normalized growth rate you think that business can do, and what are the main drivers of that?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, I think if you look, Bryan, frankly, as you're very aware, the predominance of our Payment business is very issuer-centric. So when you look at the issuer side of payments, since we're not doing much on the acquiring side, frankly, we think we'll be a low to potentially mid-single-digit grower. The team's doing a nice job of rolling out new capabilities across that issuer base. You saw them do a nice job with EMV. We did some nice things with the launch of Apple Pay that actually drove some nice growth. But we're not modeling that business to be a strong single-digit grower. We just don't have the penetration on the acquiring side to do that. A lot of new payment types are coming out in the market, so we're certainly focused on executing against the real-time payments agenda. There are certain new payment types, like Zelle, that are launching. Frankly, we're always in a wait-and-see mode on those things. We want to capture as much of that opportunity with our clients as we can, but then let the volumes grow. But the nice thing about that business is its predictability and, frankly, the strong margin profile that's thrown off by that business. But the team continues to do a good job, but it's going to be a lower single-digit growth business for us.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Woody, just on the third quarter guide, the $1.04 to $1.06, I think you talked about there's a term fee that's impacting the earnings. I'm just trying to figure out and go back to the notes to see if there's anything else to think about there in the third quarter, in particular, with the big pick-up in the fourth quarter?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: That's really the only thing in the third quarter of last year. What you've got to think about is between the consulting sale and the PS&E sale earlier this year, that's about $0.07 that was in last years' that won't be in this years'. That's partially offset by about $0.02 of debt refi, so you've got about a $0.05 delta just through divestitures this year and the timing associated with those divestitures. That's the biggest issue. As you did mention, last year, we had about $0.03 in the quarter related to a conversion fee in the GFS group.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, helpful. Congrats on the solid results.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Chris Shutler with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning. A question on GFS margins. If we were to exclude SunGard cost synergies as well as the consulting sale, what's a good way of thinking about the annualized adjusted EBITDA margin expansion opportunity going forward? And what will be the key drivers in that segment?
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, on that, if you go back prior to the SunGard acquisition, we were in the low 20s in terms of margin profile there. We had outlined that we anticipated our international business continue to grow and gain scale and we would expand margins through that, over time, anyway. You couple that with SunGard and the consulting exit clearly is driving incremental heavier margins. But I would tell you we probably got 300 to 400 basis points of underlying margin improvement before you added synergies and before you got the impact from the SunGard sale. As Gary mentioned, that group is up about 1,100 basis points from that timeframe, and that is a blend between synergies, the absence of consulting longer-term, and then just ongoing scale in the existing businesses that we had, even pre-SunGard.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, so let me just build on that a little bit, Chris, about where the future and what's the opportunity in the future. As we've guided in the past, we think GFS still has more runway with regards to margin expansion, at least at a higher rate than what IFS is. And where those opportunities exist, is we're still on certain businesses in the early stages of right-shoring the talent and getting the people in the right places. Data center consolidation, this will be GFS as well as IFS, will be a big benefit from that as we continue to consolidate. I think we've highlighted on prior calls, we'll be well over 45% of our compute, at least in the U.S., we'll be in some type of cloud-based deployment by the end of this year. That will continue to grow. And then you've also got product consolidation and modernization. And then you layer on top of that just the execution by our sales team in that market and layering more scale on in the individual markets. All that gives us a lot of confidence in continued margin expansion for that business at a pretty high rate.
Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And I also wanted to follow-up on the topic around free cash flow conversion. I know you're talking 105% to 115% this year, but I think historically, you've been a little reluctant to guide to anything more than 100% free cash flow conversion. So could you just talk more over the medium-term? I think some of your peers have been a little more aggressive in free cash flow conversion historically. Are you getting any more aggressive in the way that you think about that or how would you want us to think about that? Thanks.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, I think part of it would be around the structural improvement we've talked about.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: That's right.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We're going to see some margin improvement because the consulting business has lower incremental margins. With the removal of that, I would anticipate seeing better margin. And ultimately, that drives better cash flows. So we're not updating our guide around that, feel good about the 105% to 115%, but certainly anticipate EBITDA margins to continue to improve. And if we do what we need to, that should improve cash flows as well
Unknown Speaker: And, Chris, it's Bill. (50:58) The operating teams have done a very nice job of getting very focused to help lower the DSO as well, right? So we continue to want to make sure that we're collecting our cash and as timely as possible. So I don't know that that's a different aggressive stance. I just think, to Woody's point, as you see the transformation that's occurred and the continued execution on our IP-led businesses, you're naturally seeing our DSO come down. You're seeing our free cash flow conversion trend up, and so we feel good about it.
Christopher Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we do have time for one more question and that will come from Jeff Cantwell with Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Morning, Jeff.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Morning.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. Most of my questions have already been answered, but wanted to see if you could clarify one thing from your updated EPS guidance. I was just wondering if you could isolate the impact on that positive $0.07 to $0.12 you gave in the slide deck. That's from the change in your tax rate. That amount could have an impact of about $0.04 or $0.05 to get to that 30% to 31% range for the full year. I just wondered if that's consistent with your own thinking. Thanks.
James W. Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes. It's probably in the $0.05 range. As you saw, the second quarter true-up was about a $0.03 benefit, so we're actually seeing that slightly lower in the back half, so about $0.05 is a good estimate there.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Now, I'll turn the conference back over to our presenters for any closing comments.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you for your questions today, and for your continued interest in FIS. FIS continues to drive change in the industry through our deep focus and investment in financial services. Our expanded scale, operating leverage and investment focus on IP-led solutions aligns to current client demand and is driving shareholder value. This, combined with our year-to-date performance and clear line of sight into the second half of the year, gives us confidence in achieving our full-year results. I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on, and trust us, to keep their businesses running and growing every day. I'd also like to thank our leaders and our more than 53,000 employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And, ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11:00 AM Eastern Time today running through August 16 at Midnight. You may access the Executive Playback Service at anytime by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 426538. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Once again, those phone numbers, 800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 using the access code of 426538. That does conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
Analysts: David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and standing by. Welcome to the FIS First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time all of your participant phone lines are in a listen-only mode, and later there will be an opportunity for question. And just as a brief reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And I'd now like to turn the conference over to Peter Gunnlaugsson with Investor Relations.
Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Justin. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FIS' first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Turning to slide 2, Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer, will begin with performance highlights of the company. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results for the first quarter. Today's news release and corresponding supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Turning to slide 3, today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on the slide. Materials presented today will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and the Appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. Turning to slide 4, it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Gary to discuss the business highlights for the first quarter. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Pete. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our first quarter 2017 earnings call. I am very pleased to open today's call reporting that FIS had a strong first quarter with good performance overall, exceeding our expectations. We delivered strong and profitable growth, and we see solid demand for our solutions. We continue to build on the momentum established over the last several quarters, capitalizing on new market opportunities and delivering on client commitments. I am very pleased that our focused efforts have enabled us to exit the quarter with strong year-over-year financial results producing continued shareholder returns. Turning to slide 5, in the quarter, revenue increased to $2.3 billion, with adjusted EBITDA growing more than four times as fast as revenue at 7%, and adjusted earnings per share rose 9% to $0.86 per share. Our teams remain focused on identifying and executing the SunGard integration actions, the most transformative acquisition in our nearly 50-year history. I am pleased to report that we now have line of sight to exit 2017 with an updated cost synergy run rate of more than $300 million. These first quarter results underscore our confidence in achieving our full year 2017 plan. Turning to slide 6 to review segment highlights. Our Integrated Financial Solutions segment drove expected top-line organic revenue growth for the quarter and strong year-over-year margin expansion. Importantly, growth was driven by a broad base of solutions across the segment. In the quarter, our IFS segment signed several new competitive takeaways encompassing our core banking, digital, and payment solution offerings. For example, a Midwest community bank with more than $9 billion in assets selected FIS to help advance its digital banking and payment strategy through our new online banking, bill pay, and mobile capabilities. A second smaller Midwestern community institution with more than $750 million in assets is converting to an FIS-integrated solution suite encompassing core banking, branch automation, and bill pay, to gain operational efficiencies and enhance its customer experience. Our corporate and digital businesses had another solid quarter supported by both new client wins and increased user adoption. Continued adoption to digital solutions will provide ongoing opportunities for FIS, as financial institutions embrace transformational change to a new digital user experience. An example of this trend, and the power of combined FIS and SunGard, is the launch of our new digital corporate payment solution. This new money movement delivery model for commercial customers combines assets from both organizations into a new integrated payable offering, eliminating the need for checks and wire transfers. Although still in early innings, we see strong opportunity for adoption of this solution replacing traditional paper and commercial payments in creating new revenue synergies for FIS. For the remainder of the year, our IFS segment will continue to focus on sales execution, cost containment, and investing in digital technologies and services that will drive differentiating value for our clients. Our Global Financial Solutions segment also delivered a solid quarter. This was driven primarily by our international banking and payment solutions. Our Brazilian card processing business signed a significant new agreement with one of the country's leading banks to convert and process more than 2.3 million cards on our card processing platform. As expected, our institutional and wholesale business faced a difficult comparable, primarily driven by a large license renewal in Q1 of last year. We expect this business to continue its historical performance growth trend in the back half of the year. As discussed last quarter, we are seeing ongoing success through the bundling of solutions creating new offerings from our I&W business. These new offerings will have cross-product capabilities, such as data integration and a common workflow and user experience. We expect them to drive additional contribution within this segment and as another example of our ability to drive revenue synergies through our combination. Demand for our risk and compliance IP solutions remained strong in the quarter. This growth was underpinned by several new wins with top-tier institutions, including a leading bank located in the Middle East, with more than $180 billion in assets has selected an FIS solution bundle to enhance its assets, liability, liquidity, risk and capital management capabilities. In addition, a leading financial institution based in Asia Pacific is teaming with FIS to improve its risk management capabilities within its insurance line of business. Our derivatives utility continues to perform well since the on-boarding of our second major client last year. We continue to see strong interest in the utility and are encouraged by its long-term prospects. For the remainder of the year, our GFS segment will continue to focus on sales execution, cost containment, and creating solution bundles to provide our buy and sell-side clients a differentiating advantage within their highly competitive marketplace. Moving to slide 11, these results confirm that executing on our strategy, including integrating and repositioning the former SunGard businesses into FIS, is delivering the desired results. Steady execution, coupled with constant improvements in our cost structure and overall performance, remains our focus to drive continued earnings growth this year. Strategically, we are investing in the business to deliver long-term revenue growth and consistent shareholder returns. Our investment focus remains on expanding our broad array of IP-led solutions that drive both efficiencies and cost savings to create modern day, digitally-based user experiences across all our markets. Before I turn the call over to Woody for the financial review, I'd like to summarize by reemphasizing that we are very pleased with our first quarter results. These results stem from our large and loyal client base. A few weeks ago, we hosted our annual CONNECT client conference, showcasing for the first time our combined portfolio of banking and payments and institutional and wholesale solutions to our clients and partners. We nearly doubled the attendance from 2016, and we saw strong interest in our core modernization, digital experience, and cloud-based solution investments. This strong client interest, combined with our strong pipeline and Q1 performance, gives us confidence in achieving our full year results. With that as a focus, we will continue driving our strategy forward, with decisive actions against our three growth levers to deliver sustained value to our clients and our shareholders. First, we will continue to execute on our multifaceted investment strategy to deliver new, differentiating capabilities leveraging digital technology and advanced analytics to help our clients better compete in a crowded marketplace. Second, we will continue to capitalize on our expanded scale, operating leverage, and our disciplined integration to fuel growth. Third, our strong cash flow generation enables us to invest for growth, continue to pay down debt, and return capital to shareholders. Woody will now provide additional detail on our financial results for the quarter.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on slide 9. In the first quarter, revenue increased to $2.3 billion, or 1.7% on an organic basis, and adjusted EBITDA grew to $682 million, a 7% increase compared to the prior year. This represents 200 basis points of margin expansion for the quarter, reflecting continued growth and higher-margin IP-led product sales and positive impacts from ongoing synergy actions. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations was $286 million, and adjusted earnings per share increased 9% to $0.86 per share, compared to $0.79 per share in the prior year period. In the first quarter, we reported GAAP revenue growth of 3.4%, which was higher than our organic growth of 1.7%. This was primarily driven by deferred revenue variance associated with the SunGard transaction and the impact of the public sector and education divestiture, which was completed in the first quarter of 2017. The impact of foreign currency exchange rates for the quarter was insignificant. A detailed bridge of revenue growth from GAAP to organic is included in the Appendix material. Moving to slide 10, in the first quarter, Integrated Financial Solutions' organic revenue grew 1.5% to $1.1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $442 million, an increase of 4.3% compared to the prior year. EBITDA margins improved 110 basis points to 39.2% for the quarter, driven primarily by improved revenue mix and continued cost management. Turning to slide 11. Banking and wealth grew 1.3%, which was in line with our expectations, due to the previously discussed completion of the people-based risk project. Absent this short-term project, banking and wealth would have grown over 5%, and total IFS would have grown over 3%. Payments was essentially flat for the quarter, driven by the anticipated grow over (10:55) of EMV card production. As discussed on our previous calls, we expect these two headwinds to continue through the second quarter of 2017. Corporate and digital grew a healthy 6.1%. Demand for these solutions remains robust. Also, as Gary mentioned, a new integrated payable solution, which was created by combining assets from FIS and SunGard, was a contributor to the growth. Turning to slide 12. In the first quarter, Global Financial Solutions' organic revenue grew 3% to $1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $283 million, an increase of 12.8% compared with the prior year, resulting in 240 basis points of margin expansion. We are pleased with the consistent margin expansion in this segment, as higher-margin IP-led solutions are driving growth, and ongoing synergy integration efforts continue to positively impact our margin profile for this segment. Moving to slide 13. Our institutional and wholesale business declined 1.5%, in line with our expectations. Growth was impacted primarily by our previously discussed difficult license comparable in our global trading solutions business. Banking and payments produced strong organic revenue growth of 9.2%, driven primarily by payment volumes. We continue to see positive results from our European and Asia-Pacific markets, and Brazil continues to perform better than our expectations. Consulting grew 3.5%, and we expect to continue to grow in the single digits for the remainder of the year. Moving to slide 14. Revenue from our nonstrategic assets and Corporate and Other declined 6.6%. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we expect this segment to create approximately 1% of top-line headwind to consolidated organic revenue growth for the year. Corporate expenses were $70 million, a 7.4% decline from the prior year, driven by ongoing integration and cost management initiatives. Moving to slide 15. For the quarter, free cash flow was strong at $363 million, or 127% conversion. We repaid $1 billion of debt in the quarter, resulting in $9.5 billion of debt outstanding as of March 31, with $2 billion of debt repayment since December 2015. We remain focused on debt reduction and deleveraging the balance sheet. As we announced earlier this year, the board of directors approved a 12% increase to our quarterly dividend, and we paid $95 million to shareholders in the quarter. We ended the quarter with weighted average shares outstanding of 333 million on a fully diluted basis. As expected, and previously discussed, our non-GAAP effective tax rate decreased to 32% for the quarter. Moving to slide 16, I would like to provide some color on our expectations for the second quarter. In the first quarter, the business performed above our original expectations. It also benefited from an additional $0.01 to $0.02 of earnings per share that were originally anticipated in the second quarter. Therefore, we expect the second quarter earnings results to be in the range of $0.96 per share to $0.98 per share. We're very pleased with the start to the year and remain highly confident in our ability to meet our full year guidance. We are reiterating our 2017 outlook for organic revenue growth, EBITDA, and earnings per share. As Gary mentioned, we are also increasing our expectations of synergies and now expect to exit the year with a cost synergy run rate exceeding $300 million. We remain focused on consistently improving cash flow generation, deleveraging our balance sheet, investing for growth, and returning cash to shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. . Looks like our first question comes from the line of Dave Koning of Baird. Your line is open.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys. Thanks. A nice job.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. And I guess my first question, you reiterated guidance, but it seems like things are a little ahead of schedule, the synergies you raised, and it looks like FX is probably a little less of a headwind. So I'm wondering, I guess, are you just trying to build a little conservatism or maybe some of the synergy is really far more into 2018 benefit than 2017. Maybe you can just talk through those – a few of those puts and takes.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. On the $300 million increase, Dave, I will tell you, more of that benefit is going to drive into 2018 based on the timing of when we see the synergies coming out. The second would be, not dissimilar to last year, we're off to a very good start, but one quarter doesn't make a year, but we feel very good about the full year outlook. We had a $0.04 beat, very clean beat in my view, and about $0.01 to $0.02 of that was really anticipated in the second quarter. So we pull the second quarter down slightly from market expectations, but feel very good about the start to the year and meeting our full year outlook.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, Dave, just to add a little bit to that. That's exactly right. We feel very good about the year. But to Woody's point on synergies, as you can imagine, we've talked about this on multiple quarters. We're now in the phase of integrating our companies, where we're really into some of the heavy-lifting projects and so these take time. And so that naturally pushes us more towards the back half of the year. The easier synergies that come out more cleanly, obviously, have occurred and we're very focused on not wanting to break the business. So, all of those things would push that run rate to the latter part of the year in 2018.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. And then my one just follow-up. In Q1, you called out a bunch of headwinds and you gave us a heads-up on these going into the year. Is it fair to say in aggregate, all those headwinds were maybe a few percent, in that Q2 is to going to look a lot like Q1 with a few percent headwind pretty similar, kind of a couple percent organic growth in Q2?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I think that's a fair outlook. We'll continue to face similar headwinds in the second quarter. And then you'll see the acceleration in the back half of the year as we anniversary those comparables.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks. Nice job.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller of Barclays. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Nice start to the year. Just wanted to touch on, Gary, first, what you're seeing in terms of the environment. Obviously, we came out of last year with seeing steeping yield curves and potential for a less regulation. In your client base, can you give us a sense on the feedback you are having about potential for incremental spending? I know a lot of this may come later in the year, but what kinds of projects are banks looking to do now? Is there a pick-up at all? Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, Darrin, it's a great question. And I would tell you, a lot of our clients are very optimistic that we're going to see some regulatory pullback, and we're going to see some other changes by the current administration. But I think in general, everybody is in a wait-and-see mode. What I would tell you, though, is we had a very strong Q4 in sales. Q1, we had nice sales across the board with some strength definitely in our I&W space. So we're continuing to be bullish on the sales environment. The team is executing well. Pipeline is full. We're not seeing any real impact from Brexit and some of the changes at this point in time. There are some other regulatory changes that are being implemented around the world that, frankly, could be a tailwind for us as well. So we're continuing to monitor those. But at this point in time, I would say from business environment, it's kind of business as usual and we see a slow steady strengthening that we saw last year.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then just when we think about the puts and takes – I know this just came up from the prior question, but when you back out a lot of the noise, the comps, the tough comps and some of the items around licensing fees, et cetera, you're growing over, and you consider the opportunities you've been able to see around cross-selling now with SunGard. I know at your Investor Day you had talked about maybe coming in at the high-end of revenue range over time if you can executive more on cross-selling. Could you just give us a little more color on what the actual underlying run rate you see in the businesses? I mean, on your guidance obviously 2% to 3% (19:20), and then there is some onetime items even in that. So, is this a 4% grower right now in your mind in terms of top-line? And is there – have you been executing as well as you would have expected yet on any of those cross-selling initiatives?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I think the organic revenue growth that we outlined for the segments, which IFS at 3% to 4% for full year and GFS at 4% to 5%, are in line with where we anticipated. They're in line with sort of the multi-year guide on revenue growth, organic growth there, and that kind of pulls the noise out there. The 4% to 5% in the GFS, there is a couple of things. One, we are seeing some cross-sell opportunities between pulling SunGard assets together, even within their existing business across silos that we're breaking down. And then we're seeing some rebound in our international business with 9.2% growth for the quarter and a good outlook for the year. So I think we're confident in the numbers, but feel like the ranges we outlined a couple of the years ago in May are still close to where we think we're going to land.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, adding a little bit to that. I think, Darrin, when you back up and really look at the overall SunGard integration, we came in, obviously, getting very focused on cost synergies, because those are in our control and executable fairly quickly. As you've seen, we're now guiding to exit the year with more than $300 million. So we – I would argue, we're ahead of where we thought we'd be at this point in time. When I look across on upsell, we've started to see some good pull-through in the former SunGard businesses, where those two – where they had products that could be bundled together as a solution and sold to clients. And I would say that we're actually on target with that with some nice growth opportunities. The one that I would say that we're a little ahead of where we thought we'd be at this point would be we're starting to see now opportunities of bundling SunGard capabilities with former FIS capabilities, as I referenced in the commercial payment opportunity. And those are early stages, but we think could really be nice revenue growers for us in the future. So will they make a difference in 2017? No. But as you start looking out in 2018 and beyond, that could easily give us – push us more towards the upside of our ranges as long as there are other macro issues that we're seeing, right? That wouldn't be a headwind.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's great to hear. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Your line is open, sir.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good morning. (22:03) $180 billion asset bank you signed in the Middle East, I'd like to understand a little bit more, I guess, their rationale for picking FIS. I know you've long targeted kind of the mega banks and this looks like a good proof point of success there.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. David, we've actually had quite a bit of success in that region for the several years. I think what's really exciting about that one, it's a great example where, prior to the acquisition of SunGard, we would have come in and sold them one or two products. If you look at that lift of capabilities that we're delivering, that's the exact example I was just mentioning with Darrin, where we're literally bundling capabilities, and therefore, getting a much larger engagement because of it. So what we're seeing in that size, there is a lot of banks are really looking for ways to – they're dealing with regulatory change worldwide, right? They're dealing with increasing costs and accelerators worldwide. They're all dealing with legacy platforms that need modernization. And if you look at that bundling that we just accomplished, you're now – an institution of that size is really transforming those capabilities to FIS to next-generation solutions on a bundled basis that allows them to lower their overall total cost of ownership. So it is a great example and a good success point of just the power of this combination.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Can you translate that success to mega banks in the U.S. with the SunGard cross-selling?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, I think we will. I think what you're going to see is translate that globally, right? So what we're doing, as we put these companies together, one of the first things we did was we pulled the sales organizations directly out of the individual product lines. And when – we elevated them up on an enterprise basis, and then we modified the commission plans so they drive – so it actually incents cross-sell and upsell and this bundling capability. So we believe we're going to see more and more of that and every quarter, we're trying to give some real examples of that success.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Got it. Quick final question. You called out the 2.3 million accounts that Banco Bradesco just signed. What's the timing of that conversion?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We're going to on-board those accounts throughout 2017. It goes in two waves and so, yeah, it's good to see that our payment capabilities continue to grow in that country.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. Thanks very much.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Huff of Stephens. Your line is open.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Congrats on a nice start to the year.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Brett.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Brett.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: On the free cash, it came in really strong. Woody, is that sustainable through the year or is that a timing thing? Any sort of commentary on that? And then, did you – can you remind us if you gave us a free cash growth range or target range for the year?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, two things on there, Brett. One, we have a little bit of timing around cash taxes, so say with the PS&E sale. But the good news is, we saw good working capital management, good improvement in DSO, and continue to think we can drive some benefit there for the year. We've guided more of a long-term view around about 100% conversion rate. I would tell you we're looking a little north of that in our forecast right now. Again, early in the year, but very pleased with cash generation right now.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then, in the Corporate segment, we've had some questions about trying to model the disposition of the PS&E. Is the run rate that we're – or the number that we saw in 1Q, compared to going forward, kind of how should we model that on a quarterly basis, both from a revenue and a profit point of view? I just want to make sure that we, on the Street, get that model right.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, try to give you some color around that. We did $111 million in the first quarter. PS&E had been about a $240 million a year contributor. We had one month in January. So if you pull that out, you're probably in a $90 million or so, Brett, of ongoing per quarter revenue. We think our corporate expenses are going to be in that $70 million zone, maybe ticking down slightly over the course of the year. So I think that gives you some color around what we think. As you know, we continue to have some headwinds in that area, based on the check business and our commercial services business that we talked about on the previous call, but that should give you some color around how to model that.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of George Mihalos of Cowen. Your line is open.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Good morning, guys. Just wanted to start off, the strong margins and the outperformance that we saw in IFS on the margin side. Woody, maybe you can kind of bucket for us how much of that was synergy-related versus some of the more favorable revenue mix and some other things that drove the upside?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, I would tell you, it was a little less on the synergy side. As you might imagine, we don't see as much synergies coming out of the IFS group as we do GFS, where more of the SunGard assets landed. But we certainly are seeing improved revenue mix. One of the items in banking and wealth that was a headwind was the people-based risk project that we talked about. Absent that, the remaining IP-led growth is driving higher incremental margin. So those are really the two components. Obviously, revenue mix being the larger driver, with a smaller driver in integration and cost management.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And then, just as a quick follow-up. The $0.01 to $0.02 pull-forward from 2Q, is that all synergy-related, or is there anything else going on there? Thank you.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We had a small term fee we anticipated to close in Q2. It closed in Q1 instead. That's just under $0.01, was the primary item. And then just continued better cost management was probably the other.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang of JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just maybe overall, I'm curious just if there's a way to quantify TCV versus expectations in the quarter, because you did give a few nice wins like Brazil. Just curious overall how that came in versus plan.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, Tien-Tsin, overall, we had a strong sales quarter. One of the nice things about our company is, we've got a very diversified revenue stream. So it allows us – as some things might have a soft quarter, other areas we're seeing areas where it picks up. But overall, the quarter was strong in sales. Our IFS business had a little slower start to the year, but frankly, that's coming off a very strong Q4. So that would be in line with what we expected. The institutional and wholesale business and the GFS businesses actually had a very nice quarter. So in balance it was a strong start to the year.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And just on the pull-forward, I know you just gave the $0.01 was term fee. Did you say which – Woody, which segment that was in? Just from a modeling standpoint, where we should think about 2Q versus 1Q there?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes, there were two small term fees, one in GFS, one in IFS. They aggregated to just under $0.01.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. It's relatively balanced. Thank you.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Jim Schneider of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe, Gary, if you could start-off in terms of the outlook you see for client consolidation in the bank space. Clearly, with rates going up, it seems like there's a little bit more deal activity happening. So maybe give us your view on whether you expect any acceleration in terms of that? And then maybe, Woody, if you can little set us for what your expectations for total term fees this year is.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, on consolidation, Jim, it's a good question. We continue to see, frankly, record levels at least from a historical context throughout last year, and we've modeled that essentially throughout this year as well. I don't know that I necessarily see it accelerating somewhat dramatically. Although I do think deal flow and consolidation is going to be very strong throughout the industry, especially from a U.S. standpoint. That's going to maintain unless we see some recovery in the de novo activity, which right now there's little indication that you're going to see rapid acceleration there. So we've modeled consistent consolidation as last year, but with no real reduction.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: On the term fees, I think we gave some color that we would anticipate term fees to go back in line with sort of traditional norms, which I would tell you are in about $40 million to $50 million range. We're still forecasting and believe that's the right outlook. That's what we had in our plan and that's what we still see as the outlook right now as $40 million to $50 million full year.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. That's helpful. And then maybe as a follow-up, can you maybe talk a little bit about the pipeline you see for the Capco business? I know you talked about the 3% growth in the quarter and expecting to see similar trends for the year. Do you see a pipeline of new business in the consulting area building, such as you get to maybe high single digits by the end of the year, or is that too soon to call?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Jim, we're very pleased where we are with the turnaround of Capco. Lance and his team has done a great job of really transforming that back to traditional consulting. We see a very robust pipeline ahead of us. But we – as we've talked about on other calls, we're looking for that business to perform in that mid-single-digit kind of range this year and we think that's going to continue throughout the year. But we're very pleased with how the business has been performing. It performed well in Q4, well in Q1, and the pipeline looks really good. We have line of sight into a little outside of 90 days. Our book-to-bill is running very consistently. So the team is doing a very nice job with that business.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Joseph Foresi of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your digital initiatives. Any particular products you could highlight and how are you capitalizing on some of the opportunities there?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, Joe, it's a great question. We're doing a lot in digital. Certainly, when you think about lot of our legacy platforms, many of them are in various stages of transformational with some kind of digital enablement context to them. We started originally several years ago in the whole mobile banking arena. We continue to see mobile digital banking grow very nicely for us. I highlighted that in the call, but your point is dead on. Other legacy systems, as we're going through the transformation process, we've got a number of core banking initiatives going on. We've got a number of payment-based initiatives going on. We've got a number of institutional and wholesale initiatives going on. And all of them are leveraging our digital frameworks that we produced in the company. And that also bring us nice synergies as we go through that development pipeline. But over the next several years, you're going to see a lot of transformation on our platforms and most of those, if not all of them, will some have some kind of digital component to them.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. And just as a follow-up. I know it's a little early, but any thoughts on bank budgets for the second half of this year and heading into 2018, particularly around interest rates and regulations? Is there any loosening up of budgets? And do you expect any improvement in the back half of the year? Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We do see some improvement in the back half of the year. A lot of that's due to comparables in the first half. I would say, in general, there is a general sense across our clients of interest in growing and expanding spend. Several of them are in a wait-and-see mode though, as I've discussed earlier on another question. A lot of the things impacting would be significant regulatory reform, and they really are watching for that. With that being said, as interest rates continue to go up and NIM continues to expand, dollars are available. So we're making sure that we're selling into that in the appropriate way and the sales teams are aligned around certain areas where clients have really been holding back over the years. But I think, frankly, we'll see a lot of this be more of a benefit in 2018 and beyond. I think it's just still early to determine what truly will be the regulatory pull-back, if any, what truly will be some of the changes, and that will take a while for the industry to digest and then free-up their budgets.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Condra, Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. And I just, I guess, wanted to get an update on the deleveraging just because it seems like it's progressing nicely. And so where do you think you'll be by the end of the year in terms of leverage? And maybe update on capital allocation and share repurchase thoughts.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, very pleased with cash generation, again. That coupled with the proceeds on the PS&E sale, we paid down $1 billion in debt in the first quarter, real pleased with that. As we've outlined before, we anticipate repaying all maturing and pre-payable debt in 2017. That will continue to deleverage the balance sheet. We added some color that we would anticipate being below $9 billion of outstanding debt by the end of the year and, obviously, above $3 billion in EBITDA. So you're looking at a sub-3 turns, working our way back towards that 2.5 times we've talked about. I would tell you, we won't get all the way there by the end of 2017, but we're probably going to end up in 2.75, 2.8 zone based on our projections right now. Based on the timing of cash flow and the repayment timing of the debt, we do anticipate having excess cash in the back half of the year really approaching the fourth quarter. And we would look at that excess cash and try to find the best way just to drive shareholder value at that time. That could be a use and do share buyback could be inorganic, but we'll certainly have excess cash in the back half of 2017 and flowing into 2018.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. And then just on the GFS and the banking and payments, a good step-up in growth there and I was curious just to get your thoughts on how sustainable you think that is and maybe you can just kind of dive into the drivers there in a little more detail.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. The driver is really around payment volumes across Europe, across Asia-Pacific and into Latin America, We saw very good growth across all three of those. Our outlook right now shows us being a sustainable sort of a high single-digit kind of growth area for us this year. So feel very good about the start and the outlook in GFS banking and payments world.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Any issues with – any political issues in Brazil? Any kind of hiccups you're expecting or anything?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We've really haven't seen any impact. We're, obviously, continuing to monitor that. Brazil continues to be in a very difficult economic crisis, and I was recently down there, a number of us were down there meeting with our clients. They're, like a lot of our financial institutions around the world, though, trying to deal through that, but also focused on how do I modernize my platforms? How do I roll out next-generation capabilities? Because while that's going on, the market evolves and consumer behavior evolves, so it's important to capitalize on those even during difficult times. So we're working with our clients down there, but the quick answer is we haven't seen any impact through geopolitical.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Next question from the line of Chris Shutler of William Blair. Your line is open.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, guys, good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: In institutional wealth, I know there was a tough comp, but it seems like that number is maybe a little lighter than you were expecting. Can you walk through what numbers would have looked like without the tough licensing comp? What you're expecting for Q2? And what kind of line of sight you have into the back half, given that Q4 is a pretty heavy license quarter?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I'd start out with, I think it was exactly in line with our expectations. If you pulled out the comp, it would have been a little over 2% growth for the quarter, and full year, we still think that's going to be in line with overall GFS growth, in that 4% to 5% zone. And it's, again, actually performing better than the original pro forma on the acquisition model. So, very pleased with it, absolutely in line with our expectations for the quarter.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, and I just want to clarify one thing, Chris. You're exactly right, Q4 is a heavier license quarter. But keep in mind, I mean, we've got license fees that flow throughout the year in this business. And so, we've said multiple times, this business will be a little more lumpy than what you've traditionally seen in the past out of FIS. It's still all IP-led, so profit margins are very high. But depending on when those license fees flow, you might get a little more lumpiness quarter-on-quarter. But all-in-all, as Woody said, it's performing exactly to expectations and, frankly, performing well ahead of where we modeled.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for the color. And then, secondly, on the SunGard cost synergies, can you just give us some sense what level of, in your cost saves, you're expecting to see this year? I think we had that number pegged around $100 million, just want to make sure that we're thinking about that neighborhood correctly.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I think that was a fair number. As we increased the number to $300 million from a run rate perspective, a vast majority of that benefit is going to flow into 2018. So I think you're in the ballpark there.
Chris Charles Shutler - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Hi, Gary. Hi, Woody. Good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good start for the year. You had two – at least a couple of quarters of pretty solid sales growth, partially driven by digital. The question really is, is that digital growth incremental to overall growth, or is that partly a replacement to prior branch-related work? And if you could talk a little bit about the conversion of bookings to revenues, is that a similar cadence to traditional work?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes, let me start with the cadence question. Typically, the cost of our sales are so IP-led that traditional 6 to 12 months of on-boarding cycle is fairly traditional across most, if not all, of our products. So, whether we highlight digital growth or something over an institutional wholesale, that on-boarding time period is pretty consistent. So, strong sales would be a precursor, obviously, for the future, at that 6, 9, 12 months out. Your first question relating to, is digital really replacing branch automation, we definitely – in branch work, what I would tell you is, we definitely see consistent accelerated sales around digital platforms, and we definitely see adoption around digital platforms, and all of those, as you would expect, have those product lines and those business lines growing at a much faster rate than the overall company. Is it at the sacrifice of traditional branch work? I wouldn't point to that, that's where it's all coming from. I would just say, more of our customers are focusing on more of the digital experience and how to drive that self-service mentality on the retail side through the consumer base.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. And a couple of questions have been asked already about potentially higher levels of spending later in the year heading into 2018, because of regulatory and yield curve, higher interest rate, things like that. I'm more concerned about the nature of spend, of course, when banks, of course, loosen up their purse strings, what kind of spend do you expect to be? Is it going to be a little bit more professional services, more discretionary, or what are your conversations like today?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, I think it all depends on the segment, right? So when you start looking at GFS, I do think, as those purse strings start to expand, you're going to see two primary spends. You are going to see in-house developed software, where you're going to look for customers looking for more leveraged, modern, transformative capabilities, and we've given several examples in today's call. So, where they're just not going to be able to modernize their internally built software. We're also going to see some of those customers, who are running some of our legacy solutions, want to modernize those platforms. So that would naturally drive more into the PS realm. The first example I gave would drive more in the product realm. In the IFS world, really, there's very little professional services. We've highlighted a couple of times some of the people-based businesses that exist in IFS, but they're really small in nature to the overall percentage. So, almost everything there comes in the form of product and product-related on-boarding. Typically, in that market, heavily weighted towards outsourcing, as you know, which is what we've seen in some of the margin expansions that Woody and I both have highlighted today.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. If I can sneak in one last one. Given the positive start to the year and I understand it's a little bit of the 1Q versus 2Q timing. But just given the positive start and the demand profile that's building and such, would you say that you are potentially more comfortable with maybe the upper part of the range that you'd given or is that – I mean, is that a fair comment?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Look, I'd tell you, Ashwin, we are pleased with the start of the year. We went into the year with high levels of confidence and being able to make the ranges we outlined to the market. I would tell you, we continue to be highly confident in the levels of ranges we outlined to the market, and are pleased with the start to the year.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Absolutely.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thought I'd ask. Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. Our deep focus in investment and financial services is allowing us to drive change in the industry. Our expanded scale, operating leverage, and investment focus on IP-led solutions that drive efficiencies, cost saving and transformation align to current client demand and are driving shareholder value. I'd like to thank our leaders and our more than 57,000 employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. Most importantly, I'd like to thank our loyal clients, who depend on and trust us to keep their businesses running every day. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11:00 AM today through the 16th of May, 2017. You may access the replay by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 421895. Alternatively, you can access that by dialing 320-365-3844 using the same access code of 421895. That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you very much for your participation and using the executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
Analysts: David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead, Pete.
Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Sean. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the FIS's fourth quarter and full-year 2016 earnings conference call. Turning to slide 2, Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer will begin with performance highlights for the company. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results for the fourth quarter and full year. As always, today's news release and corresponding supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Turning to slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on the slide. The materials presented today will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. Turning to slide 4. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Gary to discuss the business highlights for the quarter and the full year. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Pete. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I am very pleased to open this morning's call affirming another strong quarter for FIS, concluding a very good year of performance and earnings growth. Turning to slide 5. In the year, we exceeded our financial goals delivering total shareholder returns of 27%, and more than doubling the returns provided by the S&P 500. This was accomplished by delivering full-year financial results, encompassing 11% EBITDA growth, 19% adjusted earnings per share growth, $1.5 billion in free cash flow, and $341 million return to shareholders in dividends. We're significantly improved the revenue and margin profile of our Global Financial Solutions segment. With the full year of SunGard results through consistent growth of high margin, IP-led solutions, and cost synergies, we exceeded our integration commitments putting FIS ahead of schedule allowing us to increase our synergy targets twice in 2016. As part of this call, we're increasing them again, with the current overall target to now exceed $275 million exiting 2017. This continues our track record of delivering on and exceeding our synergy targets on large, transformational acquisitions. We also successfully divested the public sector and education businesses, bringing us capital to pay down debt, as well as to reinvest into our long-term core businesses within IFS and GFS. Turning to Q4. Our results were underpinned by the strongest sales quarter of the year and despite ongoing financial institution consolidation, we built on the positive momentum established in the prior three quarters allowing us to exit the year with solid sales performance. Strategically, we are investing in the business to drive innovation into our different markets to deliver long-term growth and superior shareholder returns. Our SunGard acquisition, one year later, has been a meaningful value creator for our shareholders. Our strategy has been to continue to expand our broad array of IP-led solutions built for the financial services industry. In 2017, we will continue driving the strategy, focused on our three growth levers. First, we will continue to execute on our investment strategy to deliver new, differentiating capabilities, leveraging digital technology and advanced analytics to help our clients progress their competitive position. This multi-pronged investment strategy encompasses reinvestment back into our existing solutions, as well as increasing investments in new innovative solutions to meet the growing demands of the markets we serve. A proof point of this strategy is our continued execution of our data center consolidation strategy as previously discussed at our May Investor Day. A key component of this strategy is the accelerated deployment of our FIS private cloud. Our cloud strategy is focused on re-platforming the legacy server-based technology to new cloud technologies to gain the benefits of speed, efficiency, and scale, which allows us to maintain and grow our margins. In 2016, we concluded the year with over 20% of our server-based client systems running in our private cloud. And we anticipate this percentage to nearly double by the end of 2017. Second, we will continue to capitalize on our expanded scale, operating leverage and our disciplined integration to fuel growth. We have captured a steady stream of new wins and expanded business through cross-sell and upsell of our new portfolio assets from the SunGard acquisition. This further allows us to meet pressing industry needs for efficiency and growth with FIS integrated solution suites. Third, our strong cash flow generation enables us to invest for growth, continue to pay down debt, and return capital to shareholders. This strategic focus allows us to compete effectively to meet client and market demand. Turning to slide 6 to review segment highlights, our Integrated Financial Solutions segment drove strong top line organic revenue growth of 5% for the year. We are very pleased with these results, as they are at the high end of our three-year outlook. In the quarter, our IFS segment signed several new competitive takeaways encompassing our core Banking, Digital and Payment Solution offerings. For example, a northeast community bank with more than $2 billion in assets selected FIS to provide a complete suite of Banking and Payment solutions, spanning our digital payments, item processing, and commercial treasury offerings to help drive its growth through next generation technology. Additionally, a fast-growing Texas bank serving 25 communities will be implementing FIS core banking, bill pay, digital banking, and item processing to support its growth and efficiency goals. Our digital and corporate liquidity business had an exceptional quarter, growing by double-digits. Demand for our corporate liquidity solutions by both banks and non-FI organizations continues and is highlighted by a significant new fourth quarter win with a $40-plus billion global business. In addition, consumer demand for mobile innovation continues to drive strong growth, resulting in double-digit growth in digital, primarily driven by new client wins and continued user adoption in the market. Within our payments business, we renewed our largest outsourced bill pay client, a bank with more than $140 billion in assets for another multi-year term, continuing a strong relationship that began in 2011. As we discussed in previous quarters, while our EMV deployment continues, we will experience grow-over challenges throughout 2017 from the initial adoption period, but we're confident in the underlying fundamentals of our payments business and continue to see increased demand and adoption for our new payment innovations. In October, we announced a significant new agreement with oil and gas giant, BP. This real-time loyalty program enables consumers to redeem points for discounts at BP stations nationwide in the U.S. Next, our GFS business recorded top line organic growth of 5% for the full year, and significantly expanded margins through strong, high margin product sales. This positive trend is reflective of the material improvement to the structure of this operating segment, largely attributable to the SunGard acquisition and the successful integration work to date. As expected, our Institutional and Wholesale business delivered its strongest sales quarter of the year, primarily driven by robust sales for our buy side, risk and compliance solutions, with growth contributions from all major business lines. I&W's year-end growth surpassed our expectations and validated our acquisition diligence findings. Refocusing the I&W business on solution-focused sales is beginning to show true benefits. During the quarter, we signed a new strategic agreement with one of Asia's largest independent financial services groups. This new win integrates more than a dozen offerings into a solution that can be replicated with other clients. For the quarter, we realized exceptional license growth from both the timing of large renewals as well as new and add-on sales. We also signed a significant multi-year agreement with a large U.S. insurance company for our managed services solution that allows them to efficiently operate their mission-critical back office platform utilizing our software. The FIS derivatives utility continues to see positive gains, anchored by two significant global financial institutions, Credit Suisse and Barclays, running live in the utility for a full quarter. As expected, our consulting business delivered strong double-digit growth in Q4 due to an easier comparable, as we have discussed. We are pleased with the new leadership team and their execution to refocus on strategic management consulting engagement. Turning to slide 7. Before I turn the call over to Woody for the financial review, I'd like to summarize today by re-emphasizing that we are very pleased with our fourth quarter and full-year results. Our outlook for 2017 is positive, despite increased disruption from new market entrants and uncertainties posed by potential governmental policy changes, including potential changes to regulations, interest rates, or corporate taxes. To meet our 2017 goals, we will continue to focus on our SunGard integration efforts with high intensity, driving profitable growth through new sales, maintaining a strong balance sheet, and returning cash to shareholders. Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter. Woody?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Gary. I will begin on slide 9 with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter and for the full year of 2016. Today, consistent with our prior 2016 earnings announcements, all adjusted numbers and calculations are on an adjusted combined basis, as if SunGard was owned in both periods. In the fourth quarter, revenue increased 4.8% on an organic basis and EBITDA grew to $846 million, a 15.2% increase compared to the prior year. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations was $377 million and adjusted earnings per share increased 22.6% to $1.14 per share. For the year, revenue increased 4.6% on an organic basis and EBITDA grew to $2.9 billion, an 11.1% increase compared to the prior-year period. EBITDA margin expanded 220 basis points to 31.2%, and adjusted earnings per share grew 18.6% to $3.82 per share. We finished the year marginally exceeding our run rate synergy goal of $200 million for 2016. Moving to slide 10. In the four quarter, IFS revenue grew on an organic basis by 2.5%, while EBITDA grew 5%, primarily driven by a favorable shift in revenue mix, coupled with executing ongoing cost management initiatives. For full-year 2016, IFS revenue increased 5% on an organic basis and EBITDA increased 4.2% compared to the prior-year period. Adjusting for the absence of incentive accruals discussed in the prior quarter, EBITDA would've increased 5.7% for the year, reflecting margin expansion of 20 basis points on an apples-to-apples basis. Turning to slide 11. Banking and Wealth was relatively flat for the quarter. This was primarily driven by the full quarter impact of the completion of the previously disclosed professional services project. Absent this, the IP-led product business grew approximately 3%. Payments grew 1.1% for the quarter. As we've discussed previously, EMV growth comparables will become more difficult in the second half of the year. We issued 7 million EMV cards in the quarter. When combined with the previous quarter's EMV results, approximately 50% of our clients are EMV-enabled. As we've discussed previously, we expect the remainder of cards to be EMV-enabled in a natural reissuance cycle as they expire. Corporate and digital produced growth of 12.5% for the quarter. This growth was driven primarily by strong sales for corporate liquidity and continued double-digit revenue growth in digital solutions. In addition to the large contract Gary mentioned, our corporate liquidity solutions had strong license revenue, contributing to the growth. As discussed in prior quarters, we did not expect IFS results in the second half of the year to replicate the exceptional growth in the first half of the year. We are pleased with the organic growth of 5%, and profitability results for the year. Turning to slide 12. In the fourth quarter, GFS revenue grew 7.7% organically while EBITDA grew 31.3%. For the quarter, this represents 700 basis points of margin expansion to 36%. For full-year 2016, revenue increased 5% organically. EBITDA grew 17.2% compared to the prior year, reflecting 380 basis points of margin expansion to 30.4%. This was driven by higher margin product sales and cost synergies. 2016 margin results exceeded our expectations and marked an important milestone for the SunGard transaction. As we outlined in previous calls, we expected to exceed 30% margins over time in this segment. We're very pleased to complete 2016 at just over 30%, which was faster than anticipated. As discussed earlier this year, the GFS segment has shown significant structural improvement as a result of the SunGard acquisition, which improved the revenue quality, increasing the amount of revenue tied to recurring IP-led solutions. This improved revenue mix and the execution of our integration plan contributed to significant margin expansion in the segment. As discussed in May, we continue to expect margin expansion of 100 basis points to 150 basis points annually for the segment. Moving to slide 13. Our Institutional and Wholesale business grew 8.7% for the quarter, driven by buy-side and risk and compliance solutions. This result aligns with our previous commentary related to quarterly seasonality for this business, which has heavier sales activity in the fourth quarter. Banking and Payments grew 2.5% organically. Growth in the quarter was primarily driven by increased card processing volumes in Brazil and payment strength in Australia, resulting from completion of a client conversion in the quarter. Consulting results for the quarter were in line with our expectations of double-digit growth, primarily driven by easy comparables to the prior year quarter. As we discussed throughout 2016, we continue to see softness in discretionary spending going into 2017. Macroeconomic events during 2016 such as Brexit and the U.S. elections have not altered our expectations of continuing softness and demand for people-based services at this time. Moving to slide 14. Corporate and Other revenue for the fourth quarter was $159 million, with an EBITDA loss of $44 million. The Corporate and Other segment results include $88 million of Corporate expenses for the quarter, compared to $77 million in the prior year period. The increase was driven primarily by higher incentive accruals in the quarter. Moving to slide 15. Our business model continues to generate significant cash flow. Free cash flow was $435 million for the quarter and $1.5 billion for the year. In the fourth quarter, our free cash flow conversion to adjusted net earnings was 115%. We reduced our debt by approximately $1 billion in 2016, and had approximately $10.5 billion of debt outstanding as of December 31. In 2016, we returned $341 million in dividends and ended the year with weighted average shares outstanding of 330 million on a fully diluted basis. In line with our previous guidance, the effective tax rate was 35% for the quarter and full year. Turning to slide 16. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we signed a definitive agreement to sell our public sector and education businesses. As we recently announced, the transaction closed on February 1, 2017. Based on the timing of the close, this transaction created a $0.13 adjusted EPS headwind for 2017, net of interest expense savings. For the purposes of modeling, full-year 2016 EBITDA for PS&E, was approximately $80 million. The transaction produced approximately $500 million of net cash proceeds, which was used to pay down debt. We also announced we will redeem our $700 million, 5% interest senior notes due 2022. The redemption of these notes accelerates our deleveraging efforts and reduces our interest expense. We anticipate using free cash flow in 2017 to eliminate all our remaining prepayable debt, reducing our outstanding debt below $9 billion by the end of the year. Finally, due to our 2016 performance, we recently announced a 12% increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.29 per share. Looking forward to 2017, due to the strategic nature and scale of the IFS and GFS segments, I would like to provide some additional color on segment drivers, which guided our planning process for the year. We are also providing guidance on IFS and GFS revenue growth in 2017. IFS will continue to serve our U.S. market, consolidating at the higher end of its historical trends. We also continue to see aggressive competition across all our solutions. These factors are driving us to the lower end of IFS long-term organic revenue guidance. GFS will continue to see strong growth in institutional and wholesale, and an improvement in our Banking and Payment Solutions. We expect single-digit growth for our consulting services for the full year. Specific to the first quarter of 2017, both IFS and GFS faced difficult comparisons, primarily driven by a previously discussed people-based project, and the anniversary of accelerated EMV card production in IFS, and a large license renewal in GFS. For the full year, Corporate and Other segment, which houses our non-strategic assets, we created approximately 1% top line headwind to consolidated organic revenue growth. This decline is primarily driven by a loss of the client, who was acquired in late 2016, continuing decline in check volumes at the point of sale, and loss attributed to the planned divestiture of the public and sector (sic) [sector and] (19:31) education revenue growth. To be clear, organic growth is adjusted for the divestiture of PS&E, but the loss of higher growth from this business will be a headwind during the year. Finally, in addition to our debt payments and dividends, we expect to generate excess cash in 2017. This will create flexibility for other cash uses beginning in late 2017 and into 2018, including, but not limited to, share buybacks. Turning to slide 17. For 2017, we expect consolidated organic revenue growth of 2% to 3%, IFS organic revenue growth of 3% to 4%, GFS organic revenue growth of 4% to 5%. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA of $3.04 billion to $3.12 billion, implying reported growth of 3% to 6%, or 6% to 9% adjusting for the impact of the PS&E divestiture. Adjusted earnings per share of $4.15 to $4.30 per share representing growth of 9% to 13%, or 12% to 16% adjusted for the impact of the PS&E divestiture and does not include any share buybacks. Finally, exiting the year with a cost synergy run rate in excess of $275 million, an increase from our previous target of $250 million. Similar to last year, we have also provided additional assumptions to better assist your modeling efforts for the year. These are found in the appendix of today's presentation. Of note, I would like to call out our effective tax rate assumption for the year, which is 32%. This 300 basis point reduction from the prior year period is driven by efficient tax planning strategies, growth in lower tax geographies, and the impact from changes in accounting treatment of stock-based compensation. Current consensus estimates do not fully reflect the impact of the public sector and education divestiture. Further, to help with modeling, the quarterly spread of our expectations for 2017, we expect first quarter adjusted EPS in the range of $0.81 to $0.83. For fourth quarter of 2017, our expectations are up to $0.05 per share above current consensus estimates. This reflects the full-year impact of the divestiture of PS&E, the previously discussed grower risk (21:54) in IFS and GFS in the first quarter, as well as higher seasonality in the fourth quarter and timing of synergies. Similar to last year, we have a conservative view on the overall macro conditions and have not assumed any improvements in conditions in the markets we serve. We are confident in our guidance for the year and our ability to continue to drive value to our shareholders through compelling business model and strong cash flow generation. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you now may open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will come from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Good morning, Dave.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Could you help us gauge the impact of President Trump's executive order last week to repeal elements of Dodd-Frank? In particular, I'm wondering about the possible impact on regulatory and compliance-related spending, which has been a nice growth tailwind for you over the last couple of years; and secondarily, whether this generally reorders bank IT spending priorities.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, Dave, that's a good question, and frankly, we don't know what the outcome's going to be and what the impact's going to be overall for FIS. As Woody talked about, we've been very conservative and assume that there'll be no impact. We do believe that if some regulatory reform did occur, that you could see some improvement in IT spending in financial institutions, but also keep in mind the nature of our sales cycles, the nature of our implementation windows, you really wouldn't start seeing any of that impact really until 2018. But we're going to continue to monitor it but, at this point in time, we haven't seen any impact.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. And as a quick follow-up, net interest margin has expanded nicely for banks since President Trump was elected. Could you talk about CEO confidence and whether that is going to impact IT spending at all over the next 12 to 18 months?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, I've met with a number of CEOs over the last quarter and actually already into this year, and I will say that there is a genuine sense that the CEOs are getting more confident in the execution of their business and the profitability of their businesses. Obviously, with that, you do hope that that would turn to increasing spend towards IP-led type solutions, deployment. You still have the same need, though, that they still have to continue to lower their cost, improve their overall efficiencies, even in an expanded net interest margin environment. So once again, all these things would be good things that would indicate and push towards the – not only the end of 2017, but into 2018 if we start seeing the results of that. Q4 was our largest sales quarter of the year. We talked about that. We've got good pipeline coming into this year, so a number of these things will be attributable, but as I said, those things, even after you book them, you start seeing the revenue after implementation, which is typically a 12-month, give or take, period.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Got it. Just a quick final question for me. Woody, I think you called out a late 2016 client loss tied to an acquisition. Can you bracket for us the impact that'll have on 2017 revenue growth, and is that all IFS? And then is there a contract term fee associated with that as well?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes, that sits in the Corporate and Other segment. It was a commercial services customer, David. The impact to consolidated organic growth is about a point with a combination of that loss and declining check volumes in that segment. The IFS and GFS segments were not affected by this. Again, their growth being in line with what we talked about back in May. And there was a relatively small term fee associated with the transaction.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. Thank you very much.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question, it'll come from the line of Dan Koning (sic) [Dave Koning] (26:26) from Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys. Thanks. Yeah, I guess my first question, I guess, is if that Other segment is $400 million of revs, is it actually going to be down like the what, $90 million, $100 million, or something like that? I mean that's kind of the dollar figure to think that little segment's down to create a 1% headwind to the total company.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: That's correct, Dave. It overall is a drag on total company organic growth in that zone.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got you. Okay. And then the tax rate, I mean, you guys have done really a nice job there. Is there anything one-off in the 32% this year? And then I guess corollary to that, is this a tax rate that can keep coming down in future years from the 32% to be lower?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, a couple of things. One, I tried to highlight the components of what's driving it. Of the 300 basis point reduction, about 1 point or 100 basis points is really driven by the accounting change in stock comp, where everybody should get some level of benefit there. 200 points is really driven off of tax planning strategies and lower rate geographies. It can continue to go down in the current environment, as we continue to work through tax planning strategies, and as our international revenue base continues to grow.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got you. And then finally, just a real quick one. The way to start thinking about the base of 2016 revs to grow from is basically something right around $9.2 billion, I believe, right? That's what your guidance is predicated off of the reported number less the divestiture?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. You've got three moving parts around reported to organic. You've got the $9.2 billion base you're talking about. If you remember, we had a deferred revenue acquisition adjustment around SunGard of about $200 million. We've got expectations of around $75 million of currency impact being a negative, and then the PS&E sale being about 3 points and that would drive you from reported of 1% to 2% to organic of 2% to 3%.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got you. Great. Thank you.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question now comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks, guys. I guess my first question was to – and you might have mentioned this. I hopped in a little bit late on the call. The fiscal 2018 range that you talked about previously, are we still on track to – what part of that range, if you can clarify?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. As we talked about in May, we really gave 3% to 7% organic revenue guide over the horizon, with 13% to 18% earnings per share growth. I would not anticipate changing that guide. We do have an adjustment associated with PS&E. But the individual earnings per share growth per year we think is very close to that. If you adjust out PS&E this year, you're in 12% to 16% underlying growth in the business.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Absolutely.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And I guess what I meant was the $4.70 to $5.10 EPS.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, if you remember specifically, we tried to give you an implied number associate, but we're trying to give percentage growth over that horizon. It will be difficult to get to that full $4.70 number, Ashwin, with the sale of PS&E, but we do anticipate in that 13% to 18% EPS growth.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just to clarify, it will be difficult to get to the range or the lower part of the range?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: It will be difficult to get to a $4.70 number with the sale of PS&E. The growth, we believe, will be in the 13% to 18% range for 2018.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Our percentage guide on EPS, Ashwin, we feel very, very comfortable with, but obviously, now that we've sold or divested that business then that number wouldn't participate in that growth percentage. But we're very comfortable with the ranges we gave in May and, frankly, very comfortable with the underlying business and how it's operating. When you look at the sales pipeline, you look at the sales closures, you look at the concentration now, and the increase of the percentage of revenue that's highly recurring, it just gives us a lot of confidence, not only going into this year, but in our long-term guidance we've provided.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. And last quick question, the divestiture that you had in December, PS&E business, can you explain sort of the difference between the $500 million of net cash proceeds versus the gross amount. That $350 million gap seems rather large. We get a number of questions about that. And also, your debt pay down does not seem to include anything further beyond the proceeds of that divestiture. Is that roughly right? The $350 million net expense, I can't get that.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, the $850 million was a gross number on the proceeds. We ended up with a net number of around $500 million. What that read-through is that you had very little tax basis...
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: That's right.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: in the PS&E assets through SunGard and our tax-free acquisition of SunGard. So, you ended up having a tax bill associate with that. Beyond that, we're prepaying all our prepayable debt in 2017, combination of PS&E proceeds, as well as free cash flow, and then anticipate continuing to have additional cash to be able to use for other purposes later in 2017.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Just wanted to follow up on the comments around new market entrants and aggressive competition and whatnot. Is that a Global comment? Is it more IFS-specific? And then I'm curious if you can just maybe quantify what that might mean to the growth outlook for 2017.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, we talked a little bit about it, Tien-Tsin, but yeah, no, it's a very competitive environment. We're seeing record levels of money flowing into new start-ups, new disruptors. And frankly, we're competing very effectively with them. If you look throughout 2016, we had a very strong year. We got a very strong pipeline. We were just trying to point out the fact that you are dealing with a very competitive market, frankly, across IFS and GFS. There's a lot of technology innovation going on. Certainly, we talked about what we're doing with our private cloud to address some of that, not only our cost structures, which allows us to compete effectively and grow. But in IFS, you've got a further issue with consolidation. So, we want to give a balanced view of what the market is and a balanced view is you've got consolidation in IFS, you've got strong competition across both segments, but when you look at our guide, our long-term guide, we're very comfortable with it. When you look at our earnings per share percentages, as Woody talked about, we're very comfortable with it. So, we've got the portfolio necessary to compete in the market, but we're going to have to continue to drive our innovation in a similar manner. And one of the things Woody highlighted in the deck is our 6% to 7% of revenue back investment into the products and to new innovations, and that's going to continue.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful to hear. Just as a quick follow-up, I guess I've been curious about India and the demonetization and what impact that might have on the ATM work that you're doing there.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, no, we're kind of fortunate in how we structured a lot of our ATMs. A lot of our ATMs are tied to more of a flat fee approach on deployment, and so we don't have as much transaction exposure on it. So, it really had very minimal impact to us. We have now converted well over 90% of all of our ATMs for new currencies. So frankly, it's been business as usual for us this quarter, so we really didn't see much exposure at all on that.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. That's great to hear. Thank you, Gary.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Brett Huff from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Hey, Brett.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: I have one question on Brexit and any update on that? It seems like the consulting business kind of came in as we expected, and I know that's a little bit of the canary in a coal mine in that, but any further commentary on that? I know you said kind of single-digits or maybe high single-digits for consulting this year, so it sounds good but just want commentary on that. And then I have a second question on the tax rate. I think 300 basis points is worth about $0.15, and so, that means that you guys are getting a $0.15 tailwind, which is included in your guidance, and that just makes that revenue growth guidance seem a little more conservative than maybe I thought it was. So, if you guys could address those, that'd be great. Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, on the Brexit front, certainly, I wouldn't say we're seeing a massive tailwind on our consulting business with related to Brexit. I will say that our European consulting group has performed very well, and we continue to see growth there. We still – the opportunity for that to be a tailwind certainly exists, but I wouldn't tell you that we're attributing Brexit as a major growth engine for us in 2017.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: If you go into the tax rate, Brett, if you go back to May, we looked at the bridge of earnings growth over the next couple of years. The tax rate was a component of that. We're just getting it a little faster than we anticipate. And to your comment with regard to revenue growth, we wanted to make sure we put together another conservative guide that we felt very comfortable being able to meet or exceed.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Great. That's what I needed. Thanks, guys.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. On the SunGard acquisition, maybe could you give us some color on what phase of the synergies you're in at this point and where your key focus is.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, Joe, we started on this journey, as we've talked about a number of times. I mean FIS has a very clear playbook that we like to execute on these large transformational acquisitions. That takes us about two years. At the end of two years, what we would tell you is by then the companies are so integrated it's really hard to determine what is truly based on synergies and what are just operating efficiencies that our teams continue to drive in. So, we're really halfway through the process at this point in time. 2016 was an outstanding year from an integration standpoint. We raised guidance on our synergies twice in 2016. Frankly, at the time we started this, we thought there were $200 million of synergies. Over two years, we got that in year one on an exit rate, as Woody talked about. We just raised it again now to we think we'll exit 2017 with $275 million. So, we've got roughly 11 months to go here, left on where we're really focused on what I would say executing our plans and playbook, and then it'll just become part of the operating unit. But we're very focused on it. We think there's a lot of opportunity. I think I've shared on prior calls, this has been the best combination we've been through as a company. The teams have come together very well. The cultures have come together very well. The clients have been very receptive. We're actually starting to see some nice cross-sell and upsell across the existing SunGard base. Frankly, we've talked about where they had not pooled their products up under common sales forces to get cross-sell and upsell of their own solution suite. I highlighted a couple of those on the call today. So, 11 months ago, but I would tell you, we're very confident in continuing to integrate this company, and the teams are very focused to continue to discover opportunities to get cost out and operate more efficiently and drive value back to our shareholders and also to our clients.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. And my second question, Gary, can you talk about where you're seeing the most strength in that 4Q sales quarter and provide just a little bit more color on the I&W business for 2017? Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, well, we're trying to help everybody kind of understand the new norm in our product portfolio mix. When you really look at the Institutional/Wholesale side, it's always going to have a strong quarter in Q4. And that's very traditional with license businesses. You've got people wrapping up their budget years. They're wanting to sign on and license products and get projects kicked off so that they can then get deployed throughout the next year. So, you'll always see Q4 being a heavier weight on Institutional/Wholesale. Frankly, we saw it across the board in that group. I mean very strong production out of the asset management group, out of a lot of our risk and compliance solutions. So, we're just very pleased with where that revenue flowed in, and frankly, the results of the team. I think some of it is we are starting to get cross-sell and upsell across the SunGard portfolio, which would push that growth rate a little higher. The leadership team has done excellent. The sales team consolidating that. We've got a fantastic sales leader over that group and really driving the team appropriately. So, it really came in as expected, but from that standpoint, with regards to the quarter, but it was across all the major business lines.
Joseph Foresi - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Jim Schneider from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could maybe talk – and apologize if I missed this before – talk a little bit about the magnitude of the impacts that the customer consolidation is going to have on your results in IFS, please.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We don't have a specific one. We talked about in May, if you look back to the guide, we talked about in May, what would drive to the lower end of the 3% to 6% and what would drive you to the higher end of the 3% to 6%. Continued higher levels of consolidation would drive you towards the lower end and that's where we're at. We're still at a high level of consolidation and there's very little to no de novo activity in the marketplace.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Right.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Fair enough. And then can you maybe just remind us about in terms of the outlook for the kind of capital markets, focused business, and GFS, whether you're basically assuming the same level of capital markets activity as you saw in Q4? Or are you assuming that maybe it's at a lower normalized clip and maybe as you saw back in the first quarter of 2016? Just trying to get a handle on that piece.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: The business, as I talked about earlier, Jim, the business really does run. It's got a seasonality effect to it. So you'll see the quarters of I&W behave very much like they did last year. We did have a very large license fee on a renewal in Q1 last year. You won't see that repeat. But that's just due to timing of the renewal. Frankly, the business, the pipelines are very strong, but expect the seasonality in this business to follow very similar to what you saw in 2016. So once again, this year we'll have a very large Q4, heavily weighted around license fees, which is traditional in the business, but the other quarters will follow pretty much in alignment with last year's.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Dan Perlin from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. I want to follow up on that a little bit. So, IFS running at the low end of the guidance range. Woody, you're just saying that's a function of consolidation that's pushed it down to that? And then, how do you reconcile that with the commentary around increased competition coming in? If you're talking about new startups and fintech money, these are not huge companies. Are they pressuring your pricing or are they actually winning business or like – I'm just trying to reconcile why that would be the case?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I think the broader commentary is really going to be around continued consolidation. You've seen IFS running in the lower end of that for a few years. We've got some tailwinds specifically this year in EMV and the people-based project. But we think that that lower end, that 3% to 4% zone, is where you're at really given consolidation being the broader driver there.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, Dan, just to build on that. I mean you're really seeing consolidation run 5% to 6% per year, no de novo activity. We've only had two de novos, what, since 2010. So, you really have no additional customers coming in. The new disruptors – I want to be careful about that – we're not seeing an increased level of competition in 2017 that we didn't see in 2016. So, the reality is we do, as we've talked about for years, see pricing compression in this segment, but I would tell you when you look at our guide for 2017, there really is no material changes in expectations from our standpoint. We're not materially seeing increased competition over 2016 or increased pricing compression. We're also not seeing a decline. We haven't modeled the decline in compression. And as we talked about in May that just naturally pushes IFS to the lower end of that range we gave. We think the guide says, as Woody said, conservative for the year because, frankly, we want to make sure that we have something we're very comfortable in meeting. But we haven't seen any material shift in it but it is the fact. That's what's going on in the industries right now.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And can you just outline again for me this one quarter, first quarter 2017, kind of drawdown relative to the consensus numbers? What are the main drivers of that again? I mean, obviously, we've got some stuff with PSF (45:08). Our model reflected that. So, it was still a little bit lower than that. So can you hit me with like the top three major drivers to that difficult comp again, please?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes. You had a people-based services project in IFS that was completed in the third quarter that won't recur in the first quarter. You've got accelerated EMV growth in first quarter of 2016 that will be a difficult grow over in 2017, and we had a large license renewal in the I&W, the Institutional and Wholesale Group, and global trading that will not recur in the first quarter. Those are the three biggies that are headwinds for Q1.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's super helpful, and then the last question from me. To the extent that banks do pivot a bit away from their kind of regulatory mentality and framework – and I understand they got to still spend on that, but they're going to pivot more towards growth at some point. And the question I have is, do you think your product portfolio from a competitive position is well suited for that pivot? Or are you thinking about using some of that capital now that you've divested this asset to look for some tuck-in to maybe satisfy what the banks' growths are going to be? Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Now, in 2017, certainly, let's answer your first question, we believe we've got the strongest solutions suite in the industry, in both Retail Banking Payments and Institutional/Wholesale. So, we're very confident in the capability. Frankly, the sale of public sector, we disclosed that as we were pulling together the SunGard acquisition. We said we're going to look at our non-strategic assets and see if we can find a more strategic home for those assets because they don't fit in the company, so that's just us following a very focused strategy and deployment. When we look around, are there going to be some tuck-ins that need to be occur? Frankly, we don't have those on the whiteboard at this point. We see some investment that we're making in our products. I highlighted the stuff we're doing around our private cloud deployment that's going very well. We also have very, very strong growth in our digital capabilities. Some of our next generation payment capabilities as highlighted with BP are doing very well. But even in our traditional businesses, we continue to sign and take share. So, we're very comfortable with our product suite. We're very comfortable where we compete. And so, 2017, we're going to look to repeat what we did in 2016 with that and sell very aggressively in the market.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of George Mihalos from Cowen. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question, guys. Woody, just wanted to go back, I think it was to Ashwin's question. If you could just maybe clarify what your outlook is now, not to jump the gun, but for 2018, given the divestiture in 2017 and your outlook for sort of continued double-digit growth in EPS?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I'm glad you asked the question because I think I actually misspoke to on Ashwin's question. I want to make sure we've got it clear. This year we've got a $4.15 to $4.30 range I just outlined. We believe we can grow that 13% to 18% in 2018, which I still think that collective will imply $4.65, $4.68 to almost $5.00. That guidance has stayed intact. What I was trying to isolate was PS&E around the original guide would be difficult. But our range of $4.15 to $4.30 should grow 13% to 18% in 2018, to be clear. I think I misspoke earlier. I'm glad you asked the question to clarify.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great, thanks. Thanks for that. That's very helpful. Just two quick ones, if I can sneak in. Firstly, just again to be clear, the organic revenue outlook to 2% to 3% for 2017, that's off a $9.2 billion number adjusted for the sale? And then the consulting business, should that grow in line to the 4% to 5% you're looking for for overall GFS growth? Thank you.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, the reported number, $9.2 billion, $9.241 billion is the base to grow off of. Again, you have got three moving parts. You've got the sale of PS&E of about 3 points negative. You've got our deferred revenue acquisition adjustment from the SunGard acquisition, and then we've got about a $75 million expected headwind from FX. So, you definitely got that right in terms of your base there.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. To add, as far as on the consulting business, as we talked about, George, in prior remarks, very comfortable with the leadership team, very comfortable of the refocus back towards transformational consulting engagements going very well. Certainly, as we talked about on prior calls, that business will continue to grow in alignment with FIS's numbers going forward so very complementary to our solution set, engaging them in opportunities where we also have product penetration, and that's working very well.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to get your perspective on how to think about the future of your non-strategic assets, the check in the commercial business, granted the growth profiles, they're probably not as attractive as the PS&G (sic) [PS&E] (50:50) business. But are you attempting to divest them? Is that something we should think about as more permanent or something that may go away at some point?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, Ramsey, it's a good question. We've talked about it a lot. Certainly, we wanted to isolate our non-strategic businesses for our investors so they could get some transparency around it. What remains in that business is our former – our Certegy Check business, which we all know what's going on with the declines around checks, especially at the point of sale. You've also got a global commercial services business, which is really just IT infrastructure sales, both of them a non-strategic force at this time. In a perfect world, if there was a valid divestiture to be had, certainly, we would do that. But we're also, at FIS, we're not going to make a bad business decision. Frankly, we've got good leadership over both of those groups, very focused on serving the clients. And so, they'll deal with the macro issues that they're facing very effectively. But if there was an opportunity that presented itself and it made financial sense, we absolutely would consider it.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC: Okay. I noticed that the retail check processing organic growth rate in the quarter was positive. Is there a pass there? Is that something that we should expect to continue or was there some driver there that sort of bounced it positive just this quarter?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Pure play, holiday play. You always see a bump in Q4 around the holidays because you see some volumes come in and nothing more than that.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We still expect that to be a decliner over time.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, absolutely.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Okay. And then last quick one from me, when should we contemplate you guys potentially getting back in the market with buybacks? Is that something we could see towards the end of this year or is that more of a future-looking thing?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, we tried to add some color around the commentary. We believe we'll be able to prepay all our prepayable debt in 2017 and still generate excess cash flow that in late 2017 and into 2018, we could be buying back shares.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC: All right. Got it. That's all for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And please go ahead.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you for joining us today, for your questions and your continued interest in FIS. We are very pleased with our results, concluding a very strong year of performance and earnings growth. We had a solid pipeline heading into 2017, and we are confident in our strategy and our business model. This provides us continued belief in our ability to consistently execute and deliver tangible value to both our clients and shareholders. Thank you to our loyal clients who depend on and trust us to keep their businesses competitive every day. Thank you also to our FIS leaders and our more than 55,000 employees around the globe for their hard work and commitment. It's because of them that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11:00 AM today through February 21, 2017. You may access the AT&T TeleConference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 414535. International participants, please dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 with an access code of 414535. That does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
Analysts: Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) James Schneider - Goldman Sachs Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker)
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS Third Quarter 2016 Earnings call. At this time, all participants' lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions. Instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Peter Gunnlaugsson, please go ahead.
Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Leah. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FIS' Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Turning to slide 2, Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer will begin with the business summary. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer will continue with the financial results for the third quarter. Today's news release and supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Turning to slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on the slide. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the Appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. Turning to slide 4, I will now turn the call over to Gary to discuss the business highlights in the quarter. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Pete. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to open the call affirming another strong quarter of execution for FIS. We saw expected growth across all operating segments. Our Q3 results continued the positive momentum we built in the first half of the year, delivering profitable growth and outstanding cash flow. This is the third consecutive strong quarter which speaks to the fundamental strength of our underlying business and the success of our focused execution. Now turning to the remainder of the year. We are pleased that our outlook remains positive. Despite continuing macroeconomic pressures, our sales teams continued converting opportunities to new wins and cross-selling and upselling to existing clients. Market and client demand for our solution continues, with an emphasis on creating operational efficiencies to run and grow their business. These results and trends underscore our confidence in the strong finish to 2016. As a result of our solid performance year-to-date and remaining outlook, we will be increasing our current guidance for the second time this year which Woody will outline later in the call. Turning to slide 5. As expected in the quarter, adjusted revenue increased 4% organically compared to the prior-year quarter. Our adjusted EBITDA grew more than twice as fast as revenue at 8%, and adjusted earnings per share rose 11%. We are very pleased with these results given the difficult comparisons of the prior-year quarter. As you will recall, last year was a very good quarter for license fees especially with regards to the former SunGard business. Also, Q3 2015 marked the quarter where we reversed short-term incentives due to the year-to-date results. With less than 90 days until year-end, we remain ahead of schedule with our SunGard integration. We are very pleased to report that we are on track to exceed our run rate synergy commitments and have line-of-sight to exit the year with $200 million in run rate synergies for 2016. This milestone is a full 12 months ahead of schedule from originally targeted dates. We are confident that we will also exceed our long-term target and deliver more than $250 million in run rate synergies by year-end 2017, continuing our positive track record of exceeding our synergy commitments. More importantly, our intense focus on the integration is continuing to yield results in new and existing client sales. On all accounts, we are pleased with our strong performance through the first three quarters of the year. We are on track to exceed our full-year 2016 goals and are well-positioned to achieve our longer-term growth objectives which are to: grow our base business, unlock enterprise value through strategic investments, expand our solution portfolio within our existing client base, and remain focused on strong financial discipline. Turn to slide 6 to review segment highlights. Our Integrated Financial Solutions business continues to grow, driving top line organic revenue growth of more than 4% this quarter. We saw a solid growth in our Retail Banking, Wealth and Payment businesses, entering into several strategic long-term agreements with North American community and regional banks, syncing the benefits of our fully integrated solution suite. In the third quarter, we signed several new competitive takeaways encompassing our Core Banking, Digital and Payment Solution offerings. For example, as you've seen in our recent press release, a multi-state community bank with approximately $10 billion in assets selected FIS to provide a complete suite of Banking and Payment Solutions spanning our core processing, digital payments, EFT, card personalization and fully managed IP outsourcing to help drive its digital and commercial growth through next-generation technologies. In another example, a fast-growing community bank in the Pacific Northwest will be implementing FIS core banking, bill pay, lending and item processing solutions to support its growth and efficiency goals. Our Payments business had another strong quarter, with nearly 6% organic growth, driven by continued growth in debit processing volumes and our card production business, especially from our EMV card deployments. In addition, our innovation investments are showing early promise with the successful roll-out of a new mobile-based fraud prevention solution driving demand as institutions look to help their customers better combat fraud. Importantly, these new wins characterize the strength of IFS's growth profile, which is long-term, mission-critical software applications deployed in our one-to-many model that creates significant and predictable reoccurring revenues. Turning next to our Global Financial Solutions business, we delivered another strong quarter with top-line organic growth of 4.5%. Opportunities in this segment were driven by client demand for our transformational and next generation Institutional and Wholesale and Banking and Payments capabilities. Demand for our Banking and Payment Solutions outside of North America remained strong, driving organic revenue growth of 11% this quarter. While Asia continues to be a high-growth market, we were pleased to see steady growth in EMEA, with continued progress in Brazil. In late September, Sainsbury's Bank went live on its new FIS-hosted banking platform, enabling the bank to support its customers with next-generation capabilities and technology. This delivery milestone moves the FIS and Sainsbury's Bank relationship into an exciting new phase, as we begin the long-term, decade-plus operating agreement where we are focused on running the daily operations of the bank. With this successful implementation, we are proud to be the FinTech partner of choice for two of the UK's most innovative financial services providers: Sainsbury's Bank and Atom Bank, both having gone live on FIS solutions in the last few months. In Asia, we continue to build on our already strong market presence, signing significant multi-year deals with two de novo institutions in India this quarter. In addition, we entered into an agreement to provide new payment capabilities to one of India's largest government-owned banks, showcasing our ability to serve clients of all sizes in this fast-growing market. Within our Institutional and Wholesale business, Credit Suisse became the second major client to go live on the FIS Derivatives Utility, approximately four months after choosing to join this highly scalable, consumption-based solution. We're also pleased to have renewed a significant post-trade agreement with one of the world's largest global institutions. While the I&W business brings more quarterly volatility due to the timing of license fees, we're extremely pleased with the overall year-to-date growth of 4%, which is more than what was originally modeled during the SunGard due diligence. Finally, while the implications of Brexit are still unknown in these early stages, demand for our Consulting services are in line with our expectations, as we work with institutions to help them prepare for future scenarios. Turning next to slide 7, before I turn the call over to Woody for the financial review, I'd like to summarize today by reemphasizing that we are very pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date results. Our performance, combined with the strong pipeline and clear line of sight for the remainder of the year, gives us confidence in our full year results. To meet our goals, we will continue to focus on our integration efforts with high intensity, driving profitable growth through new sales, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on slide 9. Adjusted revenue increased 3.8% on an organic basis, and adjusted EBITDA grew to $766 million, a 7.7% increase compared to the prior year on an adjusted combined basis as if SunGard was owned in both periods. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations was $330 million, and adjusted earnings per share increased 11.1% to $1 per share. Year-to-date, adjusted revenue increased 4.5% on an organic basis, and adjusted EBITDA grew to $2.1 billion, a 9.5% increase compared to the prior-year period on an adjusted combined basis. EBITDA margin expanded 180 basis points to 30.1% and adjusted earnings per share grew 17.5% to $2.69 per share. As Gary said, we are pleased with the quarter and year-to-date results. Moving to slide 10, in the third quarter IFS revenue grew on an organic basis by 4.1% while adjusted EBITDA grew 1% on an adjusted combined basis. As Gary mentioned, in the third quarter of 2015 we reversed incentive accrual due to business performance. In 2016, we're performing ahead of plan and have booked incentive accruals accordingly. This has created a difficult comparison in the third quarter 2016. After this difficult comparable, IFS EBITDA would have grown 4.4% or expanded margins by approximately 10 basis points. For the first nine months, revenue increased 5.9% on an organic basis, and adjusted EBITDA grew 3.9% compared to the prior-year period on an adjusted combined basis. Turning to slide 11, Banking and Wealth grew 3.9% organically for the quarter. This was partially driven by a large risk and compliance project and strength in our IT and Print Solutions. Payments continued its strong growth, posting 5.8% this quarter. EMV card production, debit and fraud processing all contributed to this growth. As we've previously discussed, EMV growth comparables become more difficult in the coming quarters. Corporate and Digital grew about 1% for the quarter. Mobile Banking continued to grow double digits. The strong growth in Mobile was partially offset by timing of license fees and Corporate liquidity and the grow over (11:55) of a termination fee creating a difficult comparable to the prior-year period. As discussed on last quarter's call, we did not expect results for IFS in the second half of the year to replicate the exceptional growth in the first half. We remain confident in IFS producing full year organic growth exceeding the midpoint of our long-term guidance and are pleased with the year-to-date performance of this segment. Turning to slide 12, in the third quarter GFS revenue grew 4.5% organically while adjusted EBITDA grew 13.3% on an adjusted combined basis for the quarter. This represents 290 basis points of margin expansion to 32.1%. Year-to-date, revenue increased 3.9% organically. Adjusted EBITDA grew 11.5% compared to the prior-year period on an adjusted combined basis reflecting 250 basis points of margin expansion for the first nine months of 2016. As we've discussed in the last few quarters, the addition of SunGard to the GFS segment is driving a long-term structural improvement to the segment. EBITDA margins for this segment have increased by 630 basis points over the prior year reported margin of 25.8%. The inclusion of the SunGard assets increases revenue contribution from intellectual property-led sales of mission-critical applications and enhances the profit margin profile of the segment. The combination of revenue growth and higher margin solutions and execution on synergies has driven three quarters of meaningful margin expansion. In fact, we now expect to deliver approximately 30% margins in this segment for the full year, ahead of our initial expectations. Moving to slide 13. Our Institutional and Wholesale business grew approximately 1% for the quarter. As we discussed in the second quarter commentary, we expected lower growth in Institutional and Wholesale for the third quarter and expect higher growth in Q4 related to the timing of license signings and including renewals. As we look forward, we're seeing a longer-term trend developing in this market where clients are demanding processing solutions versus a traditional license model. This will be a long-term positive for recurring revenue but we'll have some quarterly lumpiness as these contract renewals and sales move to processing solutions. Banking and Payments grew 11% organically. The growth was led by a one-time fee related to a successful conversion of Sainsbury and continued strength in Brazil and Asia Pac across both retail Banking and Payments processing. Gary highlighted the continued sales wins and momentum driving long-term growth for the business creating recurring high-margin revenues. As we've previously discussed while our Consulting business continues to provide value to our clients, it is becoming a smaller part of the overall business. Results for the quarter were in line with our expectations and we continued to see softness in discretionary spending. We do anticipate higher growth in the fourth quarter due primarily to an easier comparison to the prior-year period. We continue to project a revenue headwind from foreign currency translation of approximately $100 million for the full year with no adverse impact to EPS guidance. Moving to slide 14. Corporate and Other adjusted revenue in the third quarter was $154 million with adjusted EBITDA loss of $34 million on an adjusted combined basis. The Corporate and Other segment results include $75 million of Corporate expenses for the quarter compared to $80 million in the prior-year period. This reduction in Corporate expense reflects ongoing cost management efforts and synergies. As you are aware, the businesses in this segment are non-strategic and not aligned with our long-term strategy of serving clients in the financial services market. While our Public Sector and Education business again posted very strong organic growth of 6.2%, Retail Check Processing and Global Commercial Services was and will continue to be a headwind for the segment. Despite these headwinds within the Corporate and Other, these do not impact our consolidated three-year outlook and our IFS and GFS segments continue to perform well and in line with our expectations. Moving to slide 15. Our business model continues to generate significant cash flow. Free cash flow was $426 million for the quarter, and over $1 billion for the first nine months. In the third quarter, our free cash flow conversion to adjusted net earnings exceeded 100%. We have reduced our debt by more than $650 million since December 31, and have approximately $10.8 billion of debt outstanding as of September 30. We remain highly focused on cash flow generation to de-lever the balance sheet which continues to be a top priority for us. In August, we successfully completed a debt refinancing including a two-year extension out to 2021 of our $3 billion credit facility and a $2.5 billion bond issuance. These activities reduced our near-term exposure to market uncertainty, increased our liquidity, extended the tenure of our debt by about 2.5 years and locked-in attractive rates. These benefits are substantial although they do create additional interest expense. We were very pleased with the results of these activities and the strong support from fixed income investors. In the third quarter, we returned $84 million to shareholders through dividends and have returned $225 million in dividends year-to-date. We ended the quarter with weighted average shares outstanding of $330 million on a fully diluted basis. In line with our previous guidance, the effective tax rate was 35% for the quarter. Before I conclude my remarks I would like to provide some final thoughts as we finish the year. As Gary mentioned, we continue to execute on synergies and expect to exceed our revised 2016 target of $150 million. We now have line of sight to $200 million in run rate synergies exiting 2016. The teams continue to work diligently on accelerating activities in addition to identifying new costs take out opportunities and anticipate exiting 2017 with a cost synergy run rate of more than $250 million. We will continue to provide you updates on our progress. These higher than originally anticipated synergy benefits will be partially offset by two factors from an earnings perspective. As discussed, we recently completed a debt refinancing and are incurring additional interest expense. Our original full-year guidance for 2016 outlined in February, we forecasted net interest expense of $370 million. We now expect net interest expense for the full year 2016 to be $12 million higher, primarily impacting Q4. Earlier this year, we also provided guidance on depreciation and amortization costs excluding purchase accounting of $570 million. Due to accelerated integration efforts, including, but not limited to, data center consolidation, implementing enterprise corporate systems, we had increased our short-term capital spend to drive future cost benefits. In addition, we continue to invest in our products for future growth, highlighted this quarter by the example Gary provided in his remarks. Based on these continued activities in investing to reduce ongoing cost and investing for growth, we now expect depreciation and amortization expense to exceed our original guidance by $10 million $15 million. We also anticipate our capital expenditures to run at approximately 6.5% of revenue versus our previous guidance of 6% of revenue for 2016. In May of this year, we provided you with a three-year outlook on revenue growth and profitability and remain comfortable with those views. While I know you want me to discuss 2017 in more detail, we will let our commentary regarding 2017 at this time and, as usual, we will provide you full guidance in February. Given our performance to-date, we're tightening our full-year organic revenue growth to the midpoint of our previous guidance range of approximately 4.5% for the year. We also expect our full-year adjusted EPS to be $3.80 to $3.85 per share, which increases the low end of our previous range of $3.75 to $3.85 per share. As you will recall, in the first quarter we raised our synergy targets for the year. In the second quarter, we raised our revenue and EPS guidance. Today, we are again increasing our synergy targets and tightening our EPS expectations for the year. These increases speak to the fundamental strength of our underlying business and the focused execution of our teams. We remain very pleased with our results for the first nine months of 2016 despite a continued difficult macro environment. Our business model generates consistent earnings per share growth, creates strong cash flow, and allows us to return cash to shareholders. We believe the strength of our business model and our company will continue to drive long-term value for our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Nice job on the margin front in the quarter. I just want to start off, first, if you can...
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Darrin.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah. If you could just start off by highlighting perhaps the run rate of what we should be seeing into the fourth quarter which is implied by your guidance. I mean I know you guys had some items in the quarter, like a licensing timing in SunGard and some of the Payment revenues. And maybe you could just distill exactly the one-time sort of things, or the benefits of the – headwinds and tailwinds of the quarter that will allow you to re-accelerate back to what it looks like is around 4.5% growth in Q4?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. A couple of things. We think IFS will be above the midpoint of our guidance, so above 4.5%. If you look at individually within the quarter, we had some term fees in the Corporate and Digital area. Instead of 1%, the growth in Corporate and Digital would have been about 4%, ex the term fees.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We're pleased with 4% growth in Banking and Wealth, and Payments will have a little bit more of a difficult comparable in the fourth quarter around EMV, as we've been outlining for the last couple of quarters. But we certainly like the growth year-to-date, and certainly feel like we're going to be above midpoint, particularly being November the 1st with a couple of months to go, Darrin.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. That's good to hear.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. And just add to that, Darrin, if you like look at the license fee comment, typically Q4 is a very large quarter for license fees historically, and as we get more comfortable with the Institutional Wholesale business, former SunGard, you're going to see more of this lumpiness as license fees flow in various quarters. But we'll see a nice quarter in license fees in Q4 for that business as well.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. But, I mean, overall, it sounds like the sustainability of the 4.5% growth implied in the guidance is pretty real, in terms of run rate going forward?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. We feel very good about it. Absolutely.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, I just had a quick follow-up on the margin change. Obviously a lot of it was synergies. Was there anything organic – in other words, can you give us a little more color as to what surprised you to the upside? What are the actual levers you were able to pull faster to get to the GFS margin to reach that level a little more quickly?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Darrin, if you looked at what's going on in the synergies, obviously when we originally entered the year, we had thought we would get full $200 million of run rate synergies out in two years, $100 million by the end of this year and $100 million by next year. What we're seeing, and frankly seeing some of that in the capital needs, we're able to accelerate a lot of our projects that exist in our playbook. We talk about our integration playbook all the time, and we're just able to accelerate those programs and get to them on a much faster basis. Frankly, the cultural elements of the two company came together much cleaner than what we've seen in other large acquisitions we've done. The alignment of leadership teams and the focus. And so it's allowed us to accelerate a lot of the programs that are in our existing playbook. It's actually driven our capital a little hotter than what we would typically see, but all for a good outcome. And so that's why we're very confident of hitting the run rate of $200 million this year, and as Woody said, more than $250 million next year. But we're not done. We're very focused on continuing to execute the integrations, continuing to look for opportunities to drive out synergies, but it's really just been the acceleration of our integration playbook.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Darrin, the other component around that would be the composition of the GFS segment. The growth in Institutional and Wholesale at 4% for the year, and the growth in Banking and Payments at 5% for the year, are becoming a larger and larger component of the business, which come with larger higher margins, and that's helping from an organic or ongoing basis as well, in that segment.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Fine. All right. Makes sense, guys. Thanks, again.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Next we go to the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Morning, David.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Could you comment on the demand outlook in the post-trade derivatives processing business? You highlighted a second client who went live in the quarter, and it seems like the CFTC is cracking down on swap reporting errors by large banks. Are you seeing any increased tendency to outsource in that business?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, no, David, it's a great question. We're very excited about the opportunities when we look at our post-trade processing unit. The team has done an excellent job of not only signing customers, but also onboarding them. We've got a very full pipeline, with various institutions looking for ways to lower their total cost of ownership, leverage our best practice through our utility like deployment. So, we'll continue to see this business be a tailwind for us into the future.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: And then on the large bank core processing market, what does the demand outlook appear to be? I mean, any pickup given the pressure on net interest margin and regulatory and compliance spending?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, as you can imagine, it's a great question. When you're dealing with these large global institutions, these sales engagements tend to be longer in nature. We highlighted obviously the significant implementation of Sainsbury, which was a very large deal. We do have a number of other key opportunities that are in the pipeline today that the teams are working very focused on. As you mentioned, given the regulatory compliance arena, given the need to take out cost and lower the total cost of ownership, we do continue to see more opportunities of larger institutions trying to figure out ways to leverage our capabilities to address those two topics. And so, we see a really good opportunity for us in the future, and the team continues to execute well. But, as I said, these sales engagements take time and they don't move as fast as what we've seen in traditional community and regional banks. But some good opportunities out there for us.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. Just quick final question on EMV card production, what percentage of your customer base do you estimate has a completed EMV card production? And could this be a tailwind through 2017?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We talked about 20% to 30% on the second quarter call, David. I would tell you we're probably little more than 30% at this point. I think it's more normal and ordinary course into 2017. We'll see the volumes at higher levels than earlier in 2015 and 2016. But I think the volumes will be more in line with normal ordinary course versus a tailwind.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah, David. We talked about this on some of the earlier calls. What was interesting about our client base – and I think maybe some of it was due to some of our larger clients. We had several of our customers reissue 100% of their card base, just wanted to immediately go EMV across the entire card base. To Woody's points, we're now more in that maintenance rollout phase where we've got our clients as they're normally coming and their mag stripes are coming up for maintenance replacement tenures then we're replacing that. But we're still at a very good strong quarter of growth in EMV, and that's going to continue to be an area where we'll produce a lot of EMV cards going forward.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Understood. Thank you very much.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And next we have a question from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Congrats on a nice quarter.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Brett.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Can you talk a little bit about Consulting? I know that's been a point of focus obviously last year, and we're just trying to make sure we understand it this year. It looks like the Consulting business slowed a little bit. I think we went from 1.8%, 1.3% (29:20) to 90 bps this quarter. Can you just walk us through what's going on there? I think we thought that 3Q might be a little better only because the comps got easier, and I think, Woody, you mentioned the comps get even easier in 4Q. Considering this, give us a sense, and maybe as part of that talk a little bit about Brexit and if you're seeing any change there?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I'll try to give you some of the math, and then maybe Gary can touch on the broader demand question. If you look at the math, we were at about 1% for the quarter. I would tell you that was about in line with our expectations. If you go back to the previous commentary, it was easier comps in the second half of the year. That is still consistent. We would tell you we still look at mid-single digit growth for the full year and probably sequentially around flat for the fourth quarter, which obviously would drive a significant increase into the fourth quarter in terms of quarter-over-quarter growth, Brett. So still mid-single digit for full year. We've got about a one-to-one type book-to-bill ratio, so feel good about our line of sight into the fourth quarter, as we've talked about before. Got very good line-of-sight about three months out and then less visibility as you look further on the calendar, but we feel good about the guide. We feel good about mid-single digit and feel good about what we previously described to you guys.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I think Woody kind of hit it all, Brett. Honestly our Consulting group is performing exactly where we thought it would. As Woody said, Q4 is a much easier comp. We saw significant deceleration last year. Given our book-to-bill and where it is right now, we're very confident going into the quarter. Frankly, as we've discussed we have focused now – we have moved capital back more towards truly transformative Consulting engagements. We're seeing the results of that in our margin. Our margins are coming up in that Consulting business, which is good. Lance and his team are doing an outstanding job running that business for us. As we've also talked about, we really are looking for Capco to augment our engagements where we have product involved in large-scale engagements, and so that's an important role for us. So intentionally by design we're not going to be running Capco on the top line as hot as we have in the past. You can do that, but obviously it comes with a margin sacrifice. So we're just very focused on the right type of engagements and having Capco perform the purpose that it was designed when we did the acquisition. But we're pleased where the business is today. We've got a very strong team running that business today and some really good engagements going on.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then just the Brexit. Could you guys hit on the Brexit thoughts?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I think we're still early on Brexit. Obviously Article 50 could be filed into Q1 next year. They've got up to two years. There's still a lot of uncertainty of what this is going to mean. Typically, as we've said in the past, regulatory change has typically been a tailwind for FIS of significance, but it's still too early to know what the impact is going to be. But as we start watching for it, our Consulting business will be the early indicator. So we'll continue to monitor that closely. Given the long term nature and reoccurring nature, mission-critical nature of our software products, you'll see less impact short term in that area. So we'll continue to monitor it very closely, but we still got some time before we will know the answer to that question.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And next we go to a question from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Hey, guys. Nice job.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. I just had a couple numbers questions. The first one is in the Banking and Payments part of GFS you talked about the Sainsbury, the one-time fee for converting them. Is that the difference really between I think you had a 11% growth in Banking and Payments and normally you grow kind of mid-single digits. Is that maybe 6% difference or so the amount of that conversion fee in rough terms?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: No, if you look at Banking and Payments at 11%, if you exclude the Sainsbury one-time fee we grew 8%. So solid growth in Asia-Pacific as we've talked about with some of the wins in the India market and then continued revenue growth in Brazil despite the macro economy. So I would say we have a very good quarter in terms of Banking and Payments within the GFS segment even excluding the Sainsbury one-time fee.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got you. That's great. And then I guess the second one is, you talked about the synergies exiting this year over $200 million and exiting next year over $250 million what's the way though to think about the in-year synergies this year and next year, is it something like $120 million this year and $220 million next year? I'm just trying to think about how much kind of incremental we get next year for the in-year synergies.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: The in-year, next year, I would say probably in that zone, Dave, more of our synergies in 2017 are probably back half than front half as we've got some particular conversion dates and cutover dates. But, I think that's reasonable in how to think about it.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. Well, nice job in a tough environment.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks so much, Dave.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe Woody or Gary if you could maybe start off on the discretionary bank spending environment? You mentioned it's challenging, it's clear from all the data points that things are difficult out there, but maybe give us a sense of what you're seeing out there, any differences between the larger banks, and the medium and smaller-size banks at this point in terms of spending intentions? And can you maybe talk specifically about the SunGard business and the trading license revenues and whether you have confidence that will recover in Q4?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. Jim, why don't I start with some of the macroeconomic issues, will let Woody chime in as well. If you look across the entire banking industry, right, we're seeing very consistent regulatory demand and changes with increases that are driving in the whole area of risk and compliance. We'll continue to see those businesses be a tailwind within FIS. We continue to see the need for our clients to drive more cost out of the structure. So as Woody highlighted we're seeing a trend that our license fees are consistently going to be pressured because more and more of our customers don't want to license the software, they want to outsource it to process in our environments to help lower their overall cost, which is a very good outcome. When you get to discretionary spending specifically, because of those two fundamental demands, financial institutions are looking for ways especially in the area when they've got something that's truly discretionary in nature, of lowering those dollars to free up those dollars to invest in something that's nondiscretionary such as risk, such as compliance, such as modernizing their digital platforms et cetera. So we're seeing that money get moved around in the ecosystem, just based on those headwinds. Woody, anything you want to add?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. With regard to the growth, we had a large license renewal in 2015 in the third quarter. That didn't recur in the third quarter of 2016, but we absolutely anticipate growth in the Institutional and Wholesale to be higher in the fourth quarter, as we talked about in the commentary from last quarter, and still believe that we're in that 4% to 5% zone.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: That's helpful. Thanks. And then maybe as we look into the future, clearly there's been a lot of discussion about real-time inter-bank payments with the launch of Zelle recently. Can you maybe talk about how you're planning to participate in that, and whether that could actually be a revenue generator for you next year?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Jim, it's a great question. We will participate in Zelle; we'll certainly be exposing a lot of our clients to that opportunity. We talked a lot about real-time payments on this call in the past. We certainly have what I would consider a multitenant approach. We're not sure that one size is going to fit all for all of our clients, and so – but certainly Zelle will play a part of our strategy going forward.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: If you think about it, Jim, we don't anticipate Zelle to be a significant driver of revenue growth for us in 2017.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Not in 2017.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: If it becomes a significant revenue driver, we would call it out. We don't anticipate that to be a significant driver in 2017.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And next we have a question from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Just want to ask about the license fees. Is there a way to quantify that, just to see the impact of what it was year-over-year?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. I would tell you, license fees were down about $10 million year-over-year in terms of the timing of renewals. We did about $80 million of license fees in Q3 of 2016, and about $90 million on an adjusted combined basis in 2015.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then the EMV card production – I think you guys are saying it's going to soften a little bit, obviously, with kind of the big spike taking place – or the bigger spike taken place already. Just trying to quantify that impact. Does it actually decrease sequentially? Or how do I think about that impact for the EMV card production?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: To be clear, it just makes growth more difficult. The volumes of EMV issuance themselves continue to grow, but the year-over-year impact in terms of the growth percentage becomes more difficult in terms of comparables.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Exactly.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We issued about 12 million cards this quarter from an EMV perspective, and would anticipate that level going forward.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, I know we'll get more details going into next year, but just thinking about the Analyst Day and the three-year outlook – I think it was a 2016 to 2018 outlook that you guys laid out. I know there's some moving pieces with the macro environment, but just wanted to see if there's any kind of high-level changes to that outlook that you guys laid out at the Investor Day?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: None whatsoever. Feel very good about how IFS is producing. It'll be above midpoint of that guide for the full year. GFS will be in that midpoint of the range for the full year, is our anticipation, with probably higher margin expansion than we originally anticipated. This being partially offset by lower growth in our Corporate and Other that I highlighted will continue to be a headwind for us.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Super. Thanks for answering my questions.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Morning, Glenn.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): First question – I think you may have touched on it, Woody, but adjusting for the moving parts and the license fees and the Institutional Wholesale, it sounds like SunGard is still sort of growing in that 4% to 5% and you're comfortable with that? I guess more importantly, is that the expectation we should be thinking about beyond 2016 still? Or anything that's changed there?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: To answer your first question, if you normalize timing, I&W for the quarter was about 4%. It's about 4% for the full year. We underwrote the deal at probably 3.5%, so it's performing better than we underwrote the deal, as Gary mentioned, and feel good about that level of growth.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then, on the margin side – and I'm not sure if the question makes more sense from a GFS margin perspective or overall – but my thinking is, you had higher incentive accruals, lower term fees. You had a $10 million timing on the license fees, yet you still put up, I'm sure relative to most people's expectations, above-expected margins. And I think you also called out on the second quarter call not to expect a lot of cost synergies in the third quarter, that it would be fourth quarter-weighted. So maybe you could help us understand how you got such margin expansion?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. If there was a non-expected item, it would be greater synergies than we anticipated.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Absolutely.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: The teams are very focused on it, as we've talked about throughout the year, and certainly happy with the results on the synergy side right now. Obviously, being able to upgrade that a couple of times this year.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. And just to build on that, Woody hit it, Glenn, earlier on an earlier call, but the structural improvement in GFS to the percentage of our revenue truly tied to a software solution now, whether it's on an outsource or a license basis. With synergies – a lot of those synergies coming in GFS, the incremental margins on those dollars being produced are just higher, and we're seeing that. So, as Woody talked about in his prepared remarks, we're now – if you remember when we started off this year, we were thinking that we could get GFS from a low 21%, 22% margin business up to that 27%, 28% margin business. Now it looks like will be exiting the year at 30%. So you can see where the synergies are falling and then that place to the contribution going forward as our revenue, while revenue growth continues in that market, it's continuing now in software solutions instead of services-based solutions. So that structural transformation is significant for us.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Just one quick one. The Sainsbury's, it sounded like it ramped at the end of the third quarter. Putting aside the one-time benefit, are we sort of fully ramped on Sainsbury? Or could it be a potentially be a meaningful tailwind going forward?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. No. It's a great outcome to the implementation of Sainsbury. The team did a phenomenal job getting that bank converted. We've talked a lot about the history of it. We've got another phase of implementation that'll be coming on next year which the team feels very good about, but you've got now a decade-long processing agreement that, as Sainsbury continues to grow and expand the business, we will benefit of that as our unit times rate continues to accelerate. So we feel great about the long-term relationship and the outcome of this engagement.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: And next we have a question from Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to ask on the license sales, you mentioned the secular shift to processing which you've said in the past, but I'm just curious. When we're thinking about NPV, are you still on a positive position there when you get a processing deal in lieu of a license deal? Just trying to understand the trade-off of revenue versus profits over the life of a contract.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Certainly you're making sure you're at a NPV-positive position on it. But customers are looking at more of an outsourcing solution versus some of the license model. I don't think that turns overnight. I think that's a multi-year transition but we are certainly starting to see it. I think the derivatives utility is a perfect example of that, where we're seeing first two customers actually come on and convert. As we continue to put more clients on that platform you'll see additional scale over time, a lot like you saw the transition in the IFS group over the past decade.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: That's exactly where I was going to go, Woody. I mean we've seen this transition before. This takes years and years to complete. We'll continue to see extremely high renewal rates on our licensing clients; we'll continue to see new deals in licensing. This doesn't happen overnight. But as we continue to see growth in the processing business, it'll be a very positive long-term outcome. You'll see our overall reoccurring revenue percentages of GFS continue to accelerate. You can look at IFS now in the upper 80s percent. So, but it will take years for this to transition.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. And then on the debit wins, are those processing and switching? Are you doing something differently there? It seems like we've seen some pick-up in growth from the non-Visa/MasterCard players.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. A lot of that growth has been in fraud processing, Tien-Tsin.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We've got a really, really good product there and I've seen some wins.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Absolutely.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Last one. On PSD2, I don't think it has been asked. But if it was, just tell me. But just the opportunities and risks there. I would think with assets like Clear2Pay and some of the others, you might see more opportunities. I'm just going to understand if there could be a measurable impact on the PSD2 in the midterm here, maybe in 2017. Any comments there?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yeah. No. We're not-we don't see that is going to make a significant impact. I will tell you, you highlighted Clear2Pay specifically continues to do well and so continues to be a nice growth engine for us. But no real commentary on that.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Tientsin.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, our last question is from the line of Paul Condra with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Paul.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I guess I'd just follow up on some of the commentary around CapEx and near-term investments and I'm curious if you can give us some more detail. And was that an opportunity that maybe, with the synergies tracking the way they are, you decided to move into? Or had that always kind of been part of the plan?
Gary A. Norcross - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, I mean, let me first start at a high level, Paul, and then let Woody get into the details. But, keep in mind, as we accelerate these synergies, there's capital involved in those. As we select enterprise systems, and we move all of former SunGard to a common payroll system, for example, common human capital system for FIS, these come at a capital cost. And we were always planning on that but as we accelerate these synergies, right, you're going to see an accelerated need for capital. So it's all a positive outcome from our perspective. But, I also don't want to trivialize there's a lot of things that we're excited about in the industry highlighted one but there's some great opportunities to make some investments into our products to continue to maintain the growth, accelerate the growth in some areas and generate the profits we're looking for and our shareholders are looking for. So we don't think it's going to be something – you're never going to see this capital accelerate significantly, but as I said, we'll be running right around 6.5% for the year.
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes. This is not a significant shift forward, but does come at a slight change in depreciation that we just wanted to call out so everybody's models get accurate.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks. And then would the 6.5% also be next year? And then on the interest, it looks like $112 million or so in the fourth quarter. Is that the run rate next year? Or is there some kind – are there any kind of one-time interest costs in the fourth quarter just from the refinance?
James Woodall - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: No, the interest cost is more of a normal run rate. You can look at the refinancing that we did with the rates on the individual bonds and do the math on that one. But it'll certainly flow into 2017. With regard to the capital, we are not given a guide on 2017, we're right in the middle of the planning process right now. I think the really thing to stay in mind is we're comfortable with the revenue and profitability guide back from May that we outline.
Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you very much.
Peter Gunnlaugsson - Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We are pleased that you could join us today. Thank you for your questions and continued interest in FIS. The market and our clients continue to react very positively to our expanded ability to serve the breadth and depth of their needs. This is evidenced in our results year-to-date. Our outlook for the remainder of the year remains positive as the team continues to focus on driving profitable revenue and maximizing shareholder returns. Thank you to all our clients who depend on us and trust us to keep their business running, growing, and competing every day. Thank you also to our FIS leaders and our more than 55,000 employees around the globe for their hard work and commitment as they champion our clients' success every day. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference is available for replay after 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time today. You may access the digitized replay by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and enter the access code of 403143. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 with the access code of 403143 and the replay is available after 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time today through November 15 at midnight. This does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead.
Peter Gunnlaugsson: Thank you, Lia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FIS' Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Turning to slide two, Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a business summary. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results for the second quarter. Today's news release and the supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Turning to slide three, today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on the slide. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. Turning to slide four, I will now turn the call over to Gary to discuss the business highlights in the second quarter. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you, Pete. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I'm extremely pleased to open the call today, reporting that FIS had another strong quarter, outperforming our expectations. We saw growth across both operating segments and exceeded our consolidated revenue, EBITDA and EPS targets. These results build on the positive momentum established in Q1 and characterized the first half of the year with strong profitable growth delivering outstanding shareholder returns. Our outlook for the remainder of the year remains positive. As a result, we will be increasing our guidance. Turning to slide five, second-quarter top-line growth exceeded expectations. Adjusted revenue increased more than 5% organically compared to the prior-year quarter. We continue to see EBITDA contribution from our organic revenue growth and also strong benefit from our synergy attainment to date. This resulted in EBITDA growing more than twice as fast as revenue at 13% and adjusted earnings per share rose 22%. As we reported last quarter, we remain ahead of schedule with our SunGard integration and are confident that we will exit the year with $150 million in run rate synergy. We remain on track to beat our stated end goal of $200 million. The team continues to perform well against both committed cost synergies and sales execution, which is beginning to yield results in new and existing client sales. They also have maintained a heightened level of focus on this integration with a clear line of sight to all of our targets. As highlighted previously, FIS has a proven track record of meeting or exceeding our synergy targets and based on our progress to date and proven integration processes, this trend will continue. While the markets have experienced some turmoil, FIS has continued to deliver impressive results. Our mission critical applications, which serve clients of all sizes in the diverse geographic regions where we operate drive both revenue diversification and predictable stability and scale for our clients. Brexit is obviously creating some uncertainty in the market. At this time, we have not seen any impact to our current relationships. While this will continue to unfold over the next several years, change typically creates opportunity for FIS. Our pipeline for the remainder of the year is robust. Market and client demand for our solutions continues with an emphasis on creating operational efficiencies in implementing transformational solutions. Our sales teams are doing a good job of converting these opportunities to new wins and creating cross-sell and upsell programs to existing clients. By all accounts, this is an exceptional first half to the year and creates a strong foundation for achieving our full-year 2016 goals and longer-term growth objectives. We are confident in driving continued earnings growth in the back half of the year while remaining focused on continued improvements on our cost structure and steady execution of our four-pronged growth strategy, which is to grow our base business, unlock enterprise value through strategic investments, expand our solution portfolio, all while focusing on strong financial discipline. Turning to slide six to review our segment highlights. In our Integrated Financial Solutions business, we had a very strong revenue growth of over 8% organically. We saw especially strong growth in our Digital, Payments and Enterprise Governance, Risk and Compliance Solution businesses. Looking to the future, our sales teams are on target to deliver on our cross-sell and new sell goals for the year. In our Banking and Wealth Management business, we signed several strategic long-term agreements with North American community and regional banks seeking the benefits of our fully integrated solution suite. For example, in April, we signed a new multiyear strategic agreement with a $16 billion community bank to extend its FIS core banking solution across its entire banking enterprise. This bank, which recently nearly doubled its size, has also added new FIS digital, mobile, item capture and bill-pay solutions to its customer facing capabilities. Our Payments business had another strong quarter with 8% organic growth driven by our high-margin, high-recurring EFT processing business and our mobile wallet enablement. This growth was also supplemented by continued strong growth in our card production business, especially from our EMV card deployments. We also signed a multiyear electronic benefits transfer processing deal with one of the largest states in the U.S., providing benefits to more than 2 million households. All of these new and extended relationships demonstrate FIS strength in serving the banking and payment needs of North American institutions regardless of size. This demand created recurring revenues of more than 85%, which is driven by our long-term mission-critical software applications deployed in our one-to-many model. Turning to our Global Financial Solutions business, we also had solid sales performance overall leading to in-quarter and future quarter results. In the quarter, we delivered top-line organic growth of 3%. Our Institutional and Wholesale business, which consists of the majority of the former SunGard business, delivered top-line organic growth of more than 5% with strong IP-led services and licensed product sales in the quarter, representing two consecutive quarters of over 5% growth. In May, we announced that Credit Suisse had adopted the FIS Derivatives Utility, becoming the second major capital markets firm to join. We are pleased to see continued interest in this offering where clients are benefiting from moving to a highly scalable, consumption-based solution to deliver cost and efficiency gains. This further illustrates the move towards outsourcing in the global financial markets. Our Clear2Pay global enterprise payments delivery platform continues to perform very well. We saw strong deal closure for this solution in the quarter including new, multiyear deals with a U.S. based financial institution with more than $60 billion in assets, and with one of the world's largest global banks, Credit Suisse. The two Credit Suisse deals illustrate the value FIS brings in having solutions across our clients' total needs, as well as proving that financial institutions of this global size and scale are making big decisions to drive their business forward, even in uncertain times. We also saw nice growth in Brazil, mainly due to the strong client relationships we have established in our recurring revenue model. Despite continuing unfavorable market conditions, we anticipate a good second half of the year in this market. In India, we continued to see strong progress with newly chartered financial institutions signing significant multiyear deals with three of these institutions. Our focus on enabling financial inclusion in India is making a positive difference in this under-banked country where we've driven tremendous growth. Turning next to slide seven. Before I turn the call over to Woody for the financial review, I'd like to summarize today by re-emphasizing that we are very pleased with our second quarter results and our first half of the year where our overall results out-performed our expectations. Our performance, combined with a robust pipeline and clear line of sight to the back half of the year gives us confidence in our full year results. To meet our goals, we will continue to focus on our integration efforts with high intensity, driving profitable growth through new sales, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. Woody will now provide additional detail on the financial results for the quarter. Woody?
James “Woody” Woodall: Thanks, Gary. I will begin on slide nine. Adjusted revenue increased 5.4% on an organic basis, and adjusted EBITDA grew $696 million, a 12.7% increase compared to the prior year on an adjusted combined basis, as if we had owned SunGard in the prior-year period. This represents 220 basis points of margin expansion, and now gives us two quarters of strong validation in the earnings power of our business model, our portfolio solutions enhanced by SunGard and our ability to execute on large strategic acquisitions. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations was $295 million and adjusted earnings per share increased 21.6% to $0.90 per share compared to $0.74 per share in the prior-year period. For the first half of the year, adjusted revenue increased 4.8% on an organic basis and adjusted EBITDA grew to $1.3 billion, a 10.6% increase compared to the prior-year period on an adjusted combined basis. EBITDA margin expanded 200 basis points to 28.8%. Earnings per share grew 21.6% to $1.69 per share. Before I move to our segment results, I wanted to provide an update on our integration efforts. We continue to execute on our integration plans, and closed the second quarter at over $100 million in run rate synergies for the year. We remain confident in meeting our 2016 goal of $150 million in run rate synergies and exceeding our 2017 target of $200 million. As Gary said, this was a very strong quarter and we're pleased with the results for the first half of the year. Moving to slide 10, in the second quarter, Integrated Financial Solutions revenue grew on an organic basis by 8.3%. More importantly, adjusted EBITDA increased to $450 million, an increase of 8.7% compared to the prior year period on an adjusted combined basis. For the first half of the year, revenue increased 6.9% on an organic basis and adjusted EBITDA grew to $876 million, a 5.4% increase compared to the prior-year period. Turning to slide 11. Banking and Wealth grew 9.7% organically for the quarter. This was driven primarily by continued market demand for regulatory and compliance solutions and in particular, a large risk and compliance project that is nearing completion. We're extremely pleased with Payments growth of 8.3%, representing one of the strongest quarters for this group in the last decade. This was driven by continued strong demand for EMV card production, continued mobile wallet enablement and an uptick in fraud processing volumes. Corporate and Digital grew 4.8% with digital banking again posting strong double-digit growth in the quarter. This was partially offset by our corporate liquidity products, which had a more difficult comparison to the prior-year period. While we're very pleased with these results, we don't anticipate this level of accelerated growth to be sustainable for the back half of the year and also recognize that we have more difficult comparisons to the prior-year period for the IFS segment. Turning to slide 12, in the second quarter Global Financial Solutions revenue grew 2.9% organically. Adjusted EBITDA increased to $287 million, a 9.2% increase compared to the prior-year period on an adjusted combined basis. For the quarter, this represents 210 basis points of margin expansion and speaks to our ability to integrate our acquisitions, coupled with the growth of higher margin, IP-led solutions from SunGard. A combination of these factors creates a structural improvement to the GFS segment representing approximately 650 basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin expansion compared to the prior year period on a reported basis. As we discussed in May at our Investor Day, we expect GFS margins to continue to improve over the next several years with the completion of our integration efforts and the ongoing growth in these IP-led solutions. For the first half of the year revenue increased 3.6% organically. Adjusted EBITDA grew to $538 million, a 10.7% increase compared to the prior-year period. This represents 240 basis points of margin expansion. Moving to slide 13. Our Institutional and Wholesale business, which is comprised primarily of the former SunGard assets grew 5.4% organically in the quarter. This is the second quarter in a row of greater than 5% organic growth and speaks to the consistency of the business model. Growth was driven primarily by IP-led services and strong software renewals. Banking and Payments organic growth was relatively flat in the quarter. As Gary noted, we continue to see sales success in India by signing three newly chartered banks, as well as growth in our India ATM Payments business. These new signings and increasing adoption rates of ATM usage in the Indian market provide a long-term tailwind for GFS with recurring high-margin processing revenues. These positive wins were partially offset by a difficult comparison to the prior-year period which included a large software license sale. Our Consulting business was in line with our expectations. As Gary mentioned, global markets continue to experience uncertainty. I'd like to give some color around our business in the UK and exposure to the British pound sterling. Revenues tied to the pound sterling account for approximately 9% of GFS segment revenue and approximately 4% of consolidated revenue. Although the pound sterling has seen a meaningful decline recently, we do not anticipate any change or effect to EPS. A significant portion of our operations that support our European clients are located in the UK and those sterling-denominated costs reduce our overall U.S. dollar expenses as the sterling weakens compared to the U.S. dollar. Our global diversification tends to limit our FX exposure to any one currency. For example, the Brazilian real has strengthened during the year, which helps offset the effect of the decline in the pound sterling. As a result, we continue to believe the impact to revenue from foreign currency translation to be a headwind of approximately $100 million for the full year. Moving to slide 14, Corporate and Other adjusted revenue in the second quarter was $154 million with adjusted EBITDA loss of $41 million. The Corporate and Other segment results includes $78 million of corporate expenses, which compare favorably to adjusted combined corporate expense of $95 million in the prior-year period, reflecting ongoing execution of our integration plans. The segment grew revenue 1.3% on an organic basis. Our Public Sector and Education business is executing strongly and produced good results with continued strong organic revenue of 6.4% for the quarter. Public Sector and Education grew revenue 6.8% for the first half of the year while also increasing EBITDA margins by over 300 basis points. Moving to slide 15, our business model continues to generate significant cash flow. For the quarter, free cash flow was $291 million and $629 million for the first half of the year. We paid down over $300 million of debt since December 31 and have an approximately $11.1 billion of debt outstanding as of June 30. We remain highly focused on cash flow generation to de-lever the balance sheet and this continues to be a priority for us in the coming quarters. In the second quarter we returned $86 million to shareholders through dividends and have returned $171 million in dividends year-to-date. We ended the quarter with weighted average shares outstanding of $329 million on a fully diluted basis. The effective tax rate was 35% for quarter. Moving to slide 16, based on our progress to date and our current visibility into the second half of 2016, we are increasing our full year guidance as follows. Organic revenue growth of 4% to 5% versus original guidance of 3% to 4% and adjusted EPS of $3.75 to $3.85 per share versus original guidance of $3.70 to $3.80 per share. Before I conclude my remarks, I would like to provide some additional thoughts on the second half of the year and the third quarter in particular. In the third quarter of 2015, we eliminated all incentive accruals. This year, we are funding these accruals based on higher performance in the first half of the year, which is creating an increasingly difficult comparison to the prior-year period. We also plan that the next wave of additional cost synergies will flow mainly into the fourth quarter. Given those factors, we view the market's current consensus estimates for the third quarter to be approximately $0.06 ahead of our expectations, offset by the fourth quarter estimates being about $0.06 below our expectations. We continue to have strong confidence in our operating plan and fundamentals as evidenced by our results through the first half of the year and the increase to our full year guidance. In summary, we're very pleased with our results for the first half of 2016 and our outlook for the full year. Our business model generates predictable and consistent earnings per share growth and creates strong cash flow, allowing us to reinvest in the business and return cash to shareholders. We believe the strength of the business model will continue to drive shareholder returns for many years. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first line we will go to is David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Mark Togut: Thanks. Good morning, and nice to see the strong results.
James “Woody” Woodall: Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, David.
David Mark Togut: Could you just drill down into the Payments business? Very strong growth in the quarter, up 8.3%. Could you perhaps just elaborate on the growth you saw at NYCE? And I'm wondering if you saw any benefit from dynamic routing, which Visa called out as a headwind to their results in the quarter? And then where we are in the EMV card manufacturing cycle?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, David. We had another good quarter in NYCE. We didn't really see any impact with regards to dynamic routing. Frankly, the team is executing very well in that group across the board. Not only did our network perform well, but some of our EFT processing volumes came through nicely. We had some very nice continued mobile wallet enablement which helped drive it. And to your EMV question specifically, we now have seen consistently multiple quarters in a row with EMV providing a very nice tailwind in that business. We're still early on in the process but, as you know, in the back half of the year, we'll start getting into grow-overs over prior years' tailwinds. But that continues to be a very nice business. And frankly, we saw our volumes in the EMV actually accelerate quarter-over-quarter.
James “Woody” Woodall: Yeah, to add some color, David, we issued about 8 million EMV cards in the second quarter.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah.
James “Woody” Woodall: That would get us to about 14 million cards year-to-date in 2016. That would compare to about 10 million cards we issued for the full year in 2015. So certainly a tailwind for us...
Gary A. Norcross: In EMV.
James “Woody” Woodall: In EMV. Certainly a tailwind for us in terms of the payment revenue growth.
David Mark Togut: What percentage of your customer base has now issued chip cards?
Gary A. Norcross: We're still very early in the process. We're seeing it primarily in credit. We've not seen it move over into the debit platforms as aggressively yet. We're in that 20% to 30% range of cards being issued at this point in time.
David Mark Togut: Understood. And then, the Institutional, Wholesale business was particularly strong in the quarter, up 5.4%. Since that is principally SunGard, could you drill down into the drivers of that growth in a little more detail and perhaps address recent bookings performance and sustainability of growth?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. The team has done an extremely nice job. We highlighted a number of the wins in my prepared remarks when you look at the Credit Suisse deal, for example, in the post-trade Derivatives Utility, we continue to see continued interest there. Licensing revenues were continued to be strong, not only in renewals but also new sales really coming across the board in all of the categories. I would say the team has really come together very nicely through the integration process. We've made some changes in the go-to-market strategy under Marianne Brown's leadership and that's starting to show results in the market as well. So, really, it wasn't any one specific area. It was just good solid production across the spectrum.
David Mark Togut: Got it. And then, just finally on Brazil, which continued to be strong despite the deep recession in that country, could you talk about the drivers of growth going into the back half of this year and 2017 and your ability to sustain double-digit growth in Brazil?
James “Woody” Woodall: Yes. We talked about earlier, our largest customer in Brazil about a card portfolio. We've been working on transitioning and converting that card portfolio over. We've been seeing revenue growth associated with those conversion services. We anticipate that portfolio to convert in the third quarter and start to see revenue from that. So, very good visibility into that growth into third and fourth quarter and we believe we'll sustain that double-digit growth, David, into 2017. Still believe the macroeconomic environment in Brazil is not getting better at this point, so a little more cautious on 2017 growth at this point, but we haven't gone through the planning process yet and again, feel very good about where we're at for 2016 and the double-digit growth in Brazil.
David Mark Togut: Thank you very much.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning: Hey, guys. Great job on revenue.
Gary A. Norcross: Hey, Dave. Thanks.
James “Woody” Woodall: Thanks, Dave.
David J. Koning: Yeah. And, I guess, first of all, just on SunGard, maybe you could just talk a little bit about on a standalone basis, the total SunGard revenue pool how much that grew. And then how much do you think FIS – just being part of FIS now might be helping. It just sounds like you've signed a lot of new deals. Like is that just all SunGard or do you think being part of FIS is helping?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Dave, what we've seen traditionally when FIS does these large acquisitions obviously as we pull them together and perform our integration playbook and actually implement some of our go-to-market strategies, we do see that the combination helps accelerate revenues. Frankly, as you know, SunGard was primarily – had been under private equity ownership for 10 years. So, I talked about on earlier calls how the clients are actually relieved seeing where SunGard landed under a publicly traded company focused on financial services. And so I do think we're seeing some lift with that. Overall, the overall SunGard business performed very well, even on a combined basis. We've referenced Institutional Wholesale, which was over 5% but even on a combined basis, this is more than 4% organic.
James “Woody” Woodall: Yeah, Dave, if you look at SunGard as if it stood alone, it's about 4%, which is similar to last quarter. Basically, you've got a stronger Institutional and Wholesale growth partially offset by a little slower growth in corporate liquidity, but right in line, if not ahead of our expectations.
Gary A. Norcross: Exactly.
James “Woody” Woodall: Yeah.
David J. Koning: Okay. Great. And then, I guess, my second question, just on GFS, you called out the Banking and Payments segment having a little bit of a tougher comp in Q2. Does that basically mean that that has an easier comp the rest of the year? We know Consulting has a much easier comp in Q3 and then even more in Q4. Does that just mean that – like how much better – if Global Financial was 3% growth this quarter, does that mean the rest of the year it's more like 5% or better?
James “Woody” Woodall: I will tell you that specifically in Banking and Payments we had a large license in Q2 last year that didn't recur. If you normalize for that license, Banking and Payments would've been in the 3.5% growth, Dave, and that would have put overall GFS growth at about 4%. We believe that's a normal number for where we're at right now and then we would anticipate, to your point, the Consulting group having easier comps in the back half of the year. So still comfortable in that mid-term guidance range, but it'll be a little better, we believe, than the 3% from this quarter.
David J. Koning: Okay. Great. Thanks. Nice job.
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Next is the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Great. Thanks, guys. Let me just start off again as a follow up on SunGard, again, it's growing well. Just a little update on what you think is any type of surprise to the upside versus what you initially anticipated being a 3% to 4% grower. It's certainly coming in stronger, I think. And then maybe give us more color around the progress on synergies in terms of what's actually been recognized so far. And any further color on timing? The comment you made, Woody, just a moment ago around third quarter having a lower synergy number and the fourth quarter having a higher. Just what – maybe some more detail, what's going on there? And then just as a follow up on that topic, the margin expansion in GFS, how much of that was driven by synergies versus organic?
James “Woody” Woodall: A lot of questions there, Darrin. Let me try to answer...
Darrin Peller: Oh, really?
James “Woody” Woodall: One at a time. If you look at the SunGard growth itself, we talked about it being about 3% to 4% grower. If you carve SunGard out of the various segments, it was at the high end of that at about 4%. So, again, higher growth in Institutional, Wholesale, a little lower growth in the corporate treasury and liquidity business. So that's the first item there. With regard to synergies, we originally talked about $100 million as our target. In the first quarter, we talked about it being about a $0.02 to $0.03 expectation and us beating that by about $0.01, or about $0.04 in the first quarter. I will tell you the second quarter was close to that $0.04 number, exiting the second quarter at a little over $100 million in run rate synergies.
Darrin Peller: Great.
James “Woody” Woodall: What you've got is some of the first phase items that we've gotten out relatively quickly and are seeing the benefit of that. Then you'll go into a second phase that will see more of the benefit of that into the fourth quarter. That's the biggest delta in the terms of the synergy delta between third and fourth quarter. The other item in the third quarter, again, was really around incentive accruals. We're having a better year this year and our incentive accruals are accordingly a little higher than normal levels. That, coupled with last year, we reversed incentive accruals, which gave a lift in operating expenses that we don't expect to recur and are creating a difficult comp in the third quarter. So, a combination of those two factors are really what you're seeing in that third to fourth quarter shift.
Darrin Peller: And then just the margin expansion. When I look at the GFS-driven margin upside, I guess, can you help us understand how much of that actually came from the synergies here versus just organic mix shift, maybe IP-related revenue?
James “Woody” Woodall: You've got a combination of it, right? The synergies are clearly driving some of that margin expansion. The faster growth in the higher margin IP-led solutions is also driving a portion of that growth. Haven't really given math on the breakout between those, but you could probably do some math if you bust those synergies out that I just described.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, the bottom line is, Darrin, the SunGard acquisition is performing better than we expected, right? I mean, the...
Darrin Peller: Yep.
Gary A. Norcross: The product sales are coming in very strong. Frankly, the synergy and integration, we're ahead on the playbook at this point in time and continue to see that continuing through the rest of this year.
Darrin Peller: Yeah, it's good to see. On Capco, you mentioned that results were in line with expectations. Can you just really comment on trends again and whether you see that – I know comps get easier in the second half but any type of acceleration beyond just easier comps? I mean, is it new deals? Could that have actually been flowing on or will flow on in the second half of the year?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, yeah. Now we've talked a lot about Capco in past quarters. The team is doing an excellent job transforming that business. We really have pushed back into more transformational thought leadership-type consulting engagements. Our book-to-bill continues to be very high. So, are we onboarding new clients? All of the time. And we're refilling that. As you mentioned, the back half of the year, we do have easier comps. We'll see that growth rate accelerate. As we talked about in the last quarter, we intentionally will – we don't expect that our Consulting business to accelerate growth much beyond the overall GFS growth rate...
Darrin Peller: Yeah.
Gary A. Norcross: Historically. But the team has done an excellent job and continues to bring on new business with all this uncertainty and oftentimes that drives consulting engagements for us. So we're certainly available to help our clients as they deal through all these changes.
Darrin Peller: Okay. Last question for me is just on the sale of the business you had talked about, the Public Sector business. Any update on that in terms of progress or demand?
James “Woody” Woodall: I think we've talked about continually looking at the portfolio and always being open to take non-strategic assets and monetize those assets to reduce the debt that we have on the balance sheet right now. That business has performed well – 6% growth on the second quarter, 6%-plus growth year-to-date. Expanding margins, so it's performed well, but that's the extent of the update right now.
Darrin Peller: Okay, guys. All right. Nice job. Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Andrew Jeffrey: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Gary A. Norcross: Good morning.
Andrew Jeffrey: When I take a look at your IFS business, you obviously had a great quarter here. I'm wondering if you can speak a little bit to the competitive environment in particular and whether or not you see, for example, a distinction between relatively larger banks and your win rates there versus relatively smaller banks. In other words, is the market bifurcating at all between you and your competitors in North America? Is that one way to think about your success?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Andrew, we've talked about it a number of times. First, I mean, the U.S. market is an extremely competitive market, right? We see a lot of competition from a lot of different providers in the space. We have also talked about in past quarters, to your point, as you move upmarket and I even referenced in my prepared remarks another large $16 billion community bank making the decision to roll all of not only our core processing across the full enterprise but surrounding that with FIS Channel Solutions across the board. So, I do believe you're seeing a clear differentiation as you move upmarket. As you get greater than $10 billion, you start seeing FIS take on a true significant leadership role in that space. But the team continues to compete very effectively across all the community and regional banks. But at the end of the day, it's a very competitive market. We know we have to serve our clients and be their champions each and every day and continue to drive the business and we're seeing the results of that through our sales team and our ability to deliver.
Andrew Jeffrey: Okay. And is there a difference in the pace of outsourcing in your view as it relates to asset size or that sort of second tier, so maybe below the super regionals, below the top 15 but above say the top 50? Are those institutions perhaps outsourcing in more of a structural or quicker way? Is there any difference in the pace of spend?
Gary A. Norcross: I would tell you, we've been talking for years now about the pace of outsourcing in the small community banks across North America and, as you know, that's going to continue. But I would state that we are seeing an acceleration in outsourcing as you move upmarket. We highlighted the Credit Suisse situation in the post-trade side outsourcing all of that capabilities to our Utility. You see a number of other institutions when I highlighted that $16 billion institution on an outsource basis. So the reality is the larger institutions are accelerating. They're looking for ways to take cost out. They're looking for ways to accelerate their deployment of solutions to compete across the spectrum and that's just going to naturally drive the outsourcing. We also continue to see that accelerate in the global markets. Frankly, we saw the India ATM deal a couple of years ago. We highlighted that as really the first significant step for outsourcing in that country. We now highlighted three brand new institutions coming on to our full capabilities. That's all on an outsource basis. So we're seeing outsourcing accelerate definitely across the globe.
Andrew Jeffrey: Okay. And one more quick one, if I may. Can you just speak to how accelerated payments, real-time settlement, for example of bill payment and perhaps other types of payments might influence your IFS organic growth going forward? I'm thinking about 2017 and beyond perhaps.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we certainly see it as a big opportunity. Frankly, we bought the Clear2Pay acquisition in many ways because it was ahead of where the market was with regards to real-time payments. But like everything, we'll continue to monitor that and settle into that market but we think it'll be a good opportunity for us going forward.
Andrew Jeffrey: Thank you very much.
Operator: And next we go to the line of Brett Huff with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff: Good morning, and congrats on the results, guys.
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, Brett.
James “Woody” Woodall: Thanks, Brett.
Brett Huff: Can you just reiterate what you said about the GFS growth rate? I think you said – it came in at 3%. But you said ex a large license deal in the Payments business there, it would've been more like 4%. Is that what I heard, right, Woody?
James “Woody” Woodall: That is correct, Brett. And I'll try to give you the color. The Banking and Payments, which is about flat 0.5%...
Brett Huff: Yep.
James “Woody” Woodall: Normalize that, it would have been about 3.5%. So below what we want it to be longer term obviously, but clearly better than flat. But you heard that exactly right.
Brett Huff: Okay. And then, as we look forward, thanks for the help in the 3Q/4Q split. Can we just go over the things we need to be aware of as we think about the 3Q and 4Q? I know the comps on Capco get easier. I know that the IFS, I think, comps get a little bit harder. Just remind us of sort of those tailwinds/headwinds kind of in a macro view if you could.
James “Woody” Woodall: Yeah. I'll give you a few bullets. You're exactly right. The comps in IFS get more difficult. We don't anticipate this level of growth from the IFS group in the back half of the year, but we would anticipate to be higher than the midpoint of our mid-term revenue guidance. Higher than the 4.5% midpoint of the guidance that we gave. We also have a flattening, if you will, of synergies. We would expect the same level of synergies in Q3, an accelerated level of synergies in Q4 based on the timing of activities that we have going right now. The third item that we talked about was the third quarter having a more and more difficult comp related to incentive accruals. Last year we reduced incentive accruals significantly. In fact, took them to zero as of the end of the third quarter. This year we're performing better and incentive accruals are higher than a 100% right now. Those are the three big items that you see in there. As we look to understand SunGard better and better too, you're seeing a little bit more seasonality as we flow between the third and the fourth quarter as they have a higher level of revenue and renewal growth in the fourth quarter than originally anticipated. Those are your four big items, Brett, to look at. Net-net again about $0.06 below expectations compared to the market consensus for the third quarter, increasing about $0.06 compared to market expectations in the fourth quarter. In the full year, I think you guys are at about $3.80 on a consensus basis, which is midpoint of the updated guidance.
Brett Huff: Okay. That's helpful. And then the second question is anything we need to think about in terms of big bank M&A benefit or loss to you all? I think one of the things you mentioned, a big bank win was your system being rolled out to a piece of M&A that another bank did. That's obviously a positive. Anymore positives or negatives on that front as any super-regionals or some of your clients buy and sell items?
Gary A. Norcross: We've talked about this, Brett, in the past. M&A is very hard to predict. You're exactly right. The scenario you just rolled out is exactly what happened. But what was interesting is we were able to cross-sell and up-sell a lot of our digital channels around that. So that was just a nice win overall. Frankly, the best indicator that we can point to is really term fees. We talked about on a number of calls how those term fees have continued to stair step down in our business. This quarter our term fees were certainly at a normalized rate of what we've seen traditionally. And so at this point in time we've not really seen, so far through the first half of the year, any significant impact of M&A on FIS. But we'll continue to monitor it and certainly as our clients do some buying, we'll make sure that we try to take advantage of that through cross-selling and upselling.
Brett Huff: Great. Last question for me. Woody or Gary, I think you both – maybe both mentioned that Capco, you could see some of that business increase or a piece of that business, because of bank CEOs needing some help as they think about Brexit. Can you remind us what happened to those pieces of business in Capco during the last recession just to give us a sense of is history going to repeat itself here in terms of demand there?
James “Woody” Woodall: Yeah, I think it's uncertain at this point, Brett, in terms of what Brexit may mean for Capco. I think it would be the sort of tip of the spear in terms of what may happen there. To date we haven't seen any pullback in consulting engagements or any losses. In fact, a lot of conversation about what this may mean on a go-forward basis. I think the other thought on Brexit specifically would be, we anticipate it's going to take a couple years at least for things to sort themselves out. Again, traditionally we've seen upside. The more difficult time we saw with Capco was in the fourth quarter of last year, we saw a 10% decline. We don't anticipate anything like that given the nature of the consulting engagements and then refocusing on the more boutique and strategic consulting versus the larger projects. So, I feel good about it. Again, easier comp in the back half of the year for the Consulting business but we don't anticipate a lot of growth out of it this year. We talked about it being mid-single digit. So, again, aligning about where we expect it to the first half of the year.
Gary A. Norcross: Frankly, Brett, the team is doing just an excellent job and certainly exceeding our expectations. They are already generating a number of thought leadership pieces on Brexit, helping our clients think through it. If anything, as I said in my prepared remarks, change typically drives opportunity for us and based on what we've seen through the first half of the year, the team will execute against that.
Brett Huff: Great. Thank you, guys.
James “Woody” Woodall: Thanks, Brett.
Operator: And next question is from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you. Good results. Just a follow through on that on the Brexit side, so is the uncertainty really limited to Consulting or do you think it eventually could impact revenue bookings conversion or new sales performance because I could also argue that it could help outsourcing at some point in the next one or two years.
Gary A. Norcross: No, no. We agree, Tien-Tsin. I think that's what we think if anything – and we are seeing it, right? We highlighted Credit Suisse, we've highlighted a number of others. We are seeing these larger institutions starting to move more and more towards outsourcing because frankly, they've got to get their costs out and they've got to get into a more leveraged capability. And if anything, we think that could help create that opportunity. We continue to see some softness in discretionary spend around people-based services, but when you get to true outsourcing with our intellectual property wrapped in it, we think it could actually be an opportunity to play out over the next couple years.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay. So we'll watch the Consulting side, makes sense. And then, did you quantify sort of the new sales or the bookings performance in the quarter? And I'm also just curious, generally speaking, how revenue realization or bookings conversions is performing versus plan.
James “Woody” Woodall: We didn't really give a number around bookings. Sales were solid in the quarter. I would tell you, Tien-Tsin, we've got very good visibility into the third quarter for the Consulting group. As you know, we don't have as long a line of sight but we've got good visibility into the third quarter with a little less in the fourth, which is very normal and natural. Yeah.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Good to know. Last one, just the free cash flow was really high this quarter. Any call-outs for third quarter or fourth quarter and how that might behave?
James “Woody” Woodall: We were very pleased with cash flow this year. We have been very focused as a team in trying to improve collections, drive costs out and generate free cash flow to make sure we can pay the debt down. I would say we would anticipate continuing to see it and outpace sort of adjusted net earnings this year.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Okay. So this is still at a premium. All right. Good stuff. Thanks.
Operator: and Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one last question. It's the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please go ahead. Ashwin, your line is open. Sir, do you have your phone on mute? And there is no response.
Peter Gunnlaugsson: We can move on then, will you please? We will go to closing remarks.
Operator: Very good.
Peter Gunnlaugsson: Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, thank you for joining us today and for your questions and continued interest in FIS. Clients are reacting well to our expanded value proposition and the ability to serve the breadth and depth of their needs. Our deep focus in investment and financial services is allowing us to drive change and competitive differentiation for our clients and across the industry in an environment of increasingly strenuous regulatory challenge and market uncertainty. I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on us and trust us to keep their businesses running every day. I'd also like to thank our leaders and our more than 55,000 employees for their hard work and commitment to our client champion promise. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference is available for replay after 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time today through August 9 at midnight. You may access the digitized replay service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and enter the access code of 397459. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 with the access code of 397459. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-03 16:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS first quarter 2016 earnings call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead.
Pete Gunnlaugsson: Thank you, Terry. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FIS's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Turning to slide 2, Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a business summary. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results for the first quarter. Today's news release and a supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Turning to slide 3, as always, today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on the slide. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. Turning to slide 4, I will now turn the call over to Gary to discuss the business highlights. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you, Pete. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I'm very pleased to open this morning's call reporting that FIS had a strong first quarter, with good performance overall, exceeding our expectations. We delivered strong and profitable growth. We have a solid pipeline, and our sales teams are doing a nice job of converting opportunities to new wins and cross-selling and up-selling to existing clients. Market and client demand for our solutions continues with an emphasis on creating operational efficiencies and implementing transformational solutions. These results and trends underscore our confidence in achieving our full-year 2016 plan. Turning to slide 5, our first quarter top line growth was driven by positive results across both operating segments. Adjusted revenue increased more than 4% organically compared to the prior-year period at $2.3 billion, with EBITDA growing almost as twice as fast as revenue at 8%. Adjusted earnings per share rose 22%, and we are ahead of schedule with our SunGard integration. In fact, we see clear line of sight to exit the year with $150 million in run-rate synergy. By all accounts, this is a good start to the year and creates a strong foundation for achieving our 2016 goals. These results are further confirmation that executing on our strategy, including integrating and repositioning SunGard into our FIS business, is delivering the desired results. Steady execution, coupled with continued improvements in our cost structure and overall performance remains our focus this year to drive continued earnings growth. We are in the right market serving financial institutions and empowering our clients of all sizes, from community and regional banks to large global institutions. Strategically, we are investing in the business to deliver long-term growth and consistent shareholder returns. Our growth strategy remains consistent and has the following key components. First, we are focused on our base business growth by effectively selling to and delivering for our existing clients. The acquisition of SunGard broadens our base business through a wider set of solutions, allowing us to expand into new and adjacent markets and provide deeper value to our clients of all sizes. Second, we are focused on continually creating enterprise value. We will accomplish this through disciplined integration of our strategic investments and innovation and by capitalizing on our expanded scale and operating leverage. This focus will enable us to create new sales opportunities to drive earnings growth. Third, we are focused on financial discipline to maintain our strong balance sheet and improve our cash flow. We will efficiently use our strong cash flow to pay down debt in the near term and invest for growth for the longer term. We believe our strategy will consistently drive performance and results for the long term. And we remain confident in this strategy. Turn to slide 6 to review our segment highlights. We entered the first quarter with strong momentum, driven in part by increased interest in our expanded portfolio. This momentum has translated into strong deal closure for the quarter and a robust quality pipeline of diversified opportunities across both operating segments. In our Integrated Financial Solutions business we saw strong cross-sell activity delivering top-line growth of greater than 5% organically. This growth is driven by a balance of demand in each of our solution areas, including core Banking and Wealth, Payments, and our Corporate and Digital solutions. This is a strong start to the year for this segment, and we are pleased with its first quarter growth. In our Banking and Wealth management business, we signed several strategic long-term agreements with North American community and regional banks, seeking the benefits of our fully integrated solutions suite. In March we signed a new, multiyear strategic agreement with a $6 billion community bank, replacing their long-term core banking, digital, network, and item processing applications with FIS solutions. We also signed a long-term agreement with the U.S. arm of a $900 billion global institution that renewed and expanded their core processing relationship to include a full suite of item processing and associated print and mail solutions. In our enterprise governance risk and compliance business, we saw double-digit growth, primarily driven by institutions seeking to remediate regulatory compliance issues by working with our governance and compliance experts. Our Payments business also drove double-digit growth in both our high-margin, high-reoccurring network business, called NYCE, which saw a significant increase in transaction volumes from a large major online retailer. And in our card production business, where we signed a new multiyear master services agreement with a bank with assets in excess of $65 billion, as well as continued strength in our EMV card deployments. Demand for our digital solutions suite was strong, representing double-digit growth in our user bases for our digital banking platforms. Our mobile banking platform now supports more than 36 million end users. Additionally, our FIS Cardless Cash solution has now been deployed at more than 30 early-adopter institutions across the U.S. We are proud of our leadership position in digital money movement and innovation and expect it to continue to deliver new opportunities. Within our corporate liquidity business we signed a multimillion-dollar agreement with a leading commercial financing and leasing company to upgrade and host its trade management solution. This is a great early example of how FIS scale and global distribution creates value and growth advantages for our acquired companies. Two weeks ago we hosted over 1,200 North American community and regional bankers at one of our annual conferences. The event was focused on disruptive technologies, particularly in digital, and enabled us to showcase and demo many FIS solutions to these bank executives. Client response was overwhelmingly positive, as they look to run their banks more efficiently and invest in new innovative technologies so they can effectively compete and grow their institutions. All of these new and extended relationships demonstrate FIS strength in serving the banking and payment needs of North American institutions, regardless of size, creating predictable revenues tied to long-term contracts and deployed in a one-to-many model. Turning to our Global Financial Solutions business, we are very pleased with the early progress in this segment attributable to the changes we implemented last year, combined with the new portfolio offerings from the SunGard acquisition. In the quarter we delivered top line growth greater than 4% organically. A significant change from last year: Approximately 85% of total revenue for this segment is now driven from IP-led solutions, due to the SunGard acquisition. We also have a much more diversified pipeline, primarily driven by the addition of new offerings from SunGard and our Clear2Pay next-generation payment solutions. While this will bring slower than historical growth for this segment due to the IP-led nature of future deals, it will also bring higher profit margins, accompanied with more predictable revenue. The segment's Institutional and Wholesale business, comprised primarily of the former SunGard business, drove more than 5% organic growth with good margin expansion in the quarter. Growth was driven from demand in trading volumes and strong demand for capital markets, risk, and compliance solutions. We also saw good renewal activity in the quarter. Our Clear2Pay solutions drove double-digit growth to the top line, and our integration efforts have nearly doubled the margin profile of this business since we acquired the company in October of 2014. This global payments delivery platform continues to gain momentum with increased client demand as the need for more real-time and least-cost routing of payments gains momentum. In Europe, we continue to see success with challenger banks. Atom Bank, the U.K.'s first all-digital bank, went live last month, ahead of schedule. FIS will continue to be their long-term strategic technology partner of choice. And in Brazil, we were encouraged to see continuing gains in transaction volumes, primarily due to the expanded relationship with one of our strategic clients in the region. Overall card processing in Brazil is up 11% excluding currency year over year. Additionally, we entered into a new multiyear strategic agreement to help this same client advance its digital banking strategy. Both of these new agreements are positive steps forward for us in a region that continues to be challenged by macroeconomic conditions. Our Consulting business is delivering on expectations and had a good quarter. The overall pipeline is growing as expected and supports our belief that 2016 will be an improved year for Consulting. Turning next to slide 7. Before I turn the call over to Woody for the financial review, I'd like to summarize by reemphasizing that we are very pleased with our first quarter results. The strong performance reinforces our confidence in our 2016 operating plan. To meet our goals, we will continue to focus on our integration efforts with high intensity, driving profitable growth through new sales, maintaining a strong balance sheet through paying down debt, and returning cash to shareholders. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Woody for additional detail on the financial results for the quarter. Woody?
James W. Woodall: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on slide 9. In the first quarter, adjusted revenue increased to $2.3 billion or 4.2% on an organic basis, and adjusted EBITDA grew to $637 million, an 8.1% increase compared to the prior year on an adjusted combined basis, as if we owned SunGard in the prior-year period. This represents 170 basis points of margin expansion. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations was $259 million, and adjusted earnings per share increased 22% to $0.79 per share compared to $0.65 per share in the prior-year period. As Gary mentioned, we're very pleased with the start of the year and with the efforts of the SunGard integration teams. The integration efforts have provided incremental synergies, which benefited earnings per share for the quarter by about a penny. As noted earlier, we now have line of sight to exit the year at an expense synergy run rate of $150 million, ahead of our original expectations of $100 million. We expect the earnings impact of this increase in run rate synergies to be more heavily weighted in the second half of the year and drive benefit into 2017. We remain highly focused on accelerating and overdriving our synergies. As you know, we closed the SunGard transaction on November 30, 2015, with all the results of the acquired businesses flowing into the GFS segment for the month of December. During the first quarter, we made minor adjustments to the reporting structure of certain businesses to more accurately reflect the way investment decisions are made and how we're operating the company. We have moved the Public Sector and Education, Retail Check Processing, and our commercial Services business into the Corporate and Other segment. We have also included the recently acquired SunGard Wealth Management and Corporate Liquidity businesses in the IFS segment. Included in the press release this morning, we have also provided historical adjusted combined financial information for 2015 and 2014 by quarter. These historical combined financials include SunGard's results as if we owned them January 1, 2014, and reflect these changes in order to provide you greater clarity and better comparisons to the prior years. Moving to slide 10, IFS has been strengthened by combining the acquired Wealth Management assets with FIS Wealth Solutions and by adding liquidity solutions to our Corporate and Digital solutions. This slide highlights the key additions to the IFS segment from the SunGard acquisition. Moving to slide 11. In the first quarter, Integrated Financial Solutions' organic revenue grew 5.4% to $1.1 billion. I'm pleased with how IFS has started the year. EBITDA increased to $426 million, an increase of 2.2% compared to the prior-year period on an adjusted combined basis, with 130 basis points of margin decline. We are pleased with the pace of revenue growth in the quarter, although the overdrive came in lower-margin solutions and services revenue. This revenue mix cost approximately 30 basis points of decline in margin for the quarter compared to our expectations. Additionally, as planned, we had higher incentive accruals in the quarter. Turning to slide 12, Banking and Wealth grew 5.1% for the quarter. This was driven primarily by Wealth Solutions and continued market demand for regulatory and compliance solutions. We're also pleased with Payments growth of 6.7%. This was driven by volume in debit, payments over the NYCE network, and EMV card production. Corporate and Digital grew 3.7%, with mobile banking posting a double-digit growth rate in the quarter. Turning to slide 13, the GFS segment has been strengthened by the Institutional and Wholesale solutions from the SunGard acquisition. These businesses include capital markets, global trading, and buy-side, and now comprise about 50% of the total revenue for GFS. Our traditional GFS Banking and Payments and Consulting businesses remain part of GFS. Moving to slide 14, in the quarter, Global Financial Solutions' organic revenue grew 4.4% to $990 million, and EBITDA increased to $251 million, a 12.1% increase compared to the prior year on an adjusted combined basis. This represents 270 basis points of margin expansion. The addition of SunGard improves the revenue stream in the segment by increasing the mission-critical intellectual property-driven recurring revenue of GFS, while providing opportunities to accelerate margin expansion in the segment. Moving to slide 15, our Institutional and Wholesale business grew 5.4%, and we're very pleased with the start to the year. Growth was driven primarily by strong demand in global trading and capital markets risk and compliance solution. Banking and Payments' organic revenue grew 4% to $351 million, which was supported by double-digit growth in Clear2Pay. Despite the ongoing macroeconomic challenges in Brazil, we continue to see strong growth in card processing volumes in that market. In addition, our first two fully outsourced clients in India continue to experience good growth. The Consulting business performance was in line with our expectations. We are building momentum based on a strong pipeline, which gives us confidence that 2016 will have improved results. Moving to slide 16. As stated earlier, the Corporate and Other segment now includes the Public Sector and Education, Retail Check Processing, and Commercial Services business. This reporting structure change reflects how we make investment decisions to support these non-financial services customers. Adjusted revenue in the quarter was $151 million, with an EBITDA loss of $40 million. The Corporate and Other segment also includes results of $76 million of corporate expenses, which compares favorably to adjusted combined corporate expense of $89 million in the prior year, reflecting cost management and synergy attainment. The Corporate and Other segment declined 5% on an organic basis. The Public Sector and Education business had strong organic growth of 7.1%. Organic growth in the Commercial Services business declined 13%, driven by a final stub period of the nonstrategic contract nonrenewal discussed last year. Retail Check Processing declined 6.1%, reflecting the continued decline in check processing volumes. Moving to slide 17, for the quarter, free cash flow was $338 million. As of March 31, we had $11.3 billion of debt outstanding. During the quarter, we repaid $150 million of debt. We returned $85 million to shareholders through dividends. We also ended the quarter with weighted average shares outstanding of 327 million on a fully diluted basis. We are highly focused on cash-flow generation to delever the balance sheet, and it will continue to be a priority for us in the upcoming quarters. As expected, the effective tax rate increased to 35% for the quarter, driven primarily by the inclusion of SunGard in the results. Moving to slide 18. In conclusion, we're very pleased with the start to 2016 top line growth and synergy execution. We are highly confident in our full-year 2016 plan, and we continue to expect organic revenue growth of 3% to 4%, adjusted EPS of $3.70 to $3.80 per share, a 15% to 18% increase, and free cash flow to approximate adjusted net earnings. Further, we believe that the market's current consensus view of the second quarter is in line with our expectation. We remain focused on constantly improving cash-flow generation, delevering our balance sheet, investing for growth and returning cash to shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go to the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning: Yeah. Hey, guys. Great job.
Gary A. Norcross: Hey, Dave.
James W. Woodall: Thanks, Dave.
David J. Koning: Yeah, and I guess just a couple questions. The first one – is there a way for you to give us the growth, just SunGard's stand-alone growth, and then core FIS stand-alone growth in the quarter? Were they both around the same kind of 4% level?
James W. Woodall: Pretty close. If you look at legacy SunGard, the organic growth there (20:09) was about 4%, right at 4%, so that left us at a similar level on the FIS side – slightly higher than that, obviously. Obviously saw good margin expansion with the combination of the efforts they put in place, as well as the synergy execution on a stand-alone basis. It'll get more and more difficult to talk about them on a standalone basis as we work through our playbook of integration, but good results on both sides.
David J. Koning: Okay. And then I guess the second question, just when we look back at 2015, kind of every quarter in there you were doing kind of 0% to 2% core organic growth. This quarter, 4%. It's so much better. Was there anything one-time in this quarter that drove it better? And then maybe can you just talk about what's really – what are the two or three things that have gotten a lot better right now compared to last year?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Dave. We really saw just a good, solid quarter across the board. I mean, every business line executed very well. The SunGard integration is going extremely well, so the sales teams have not had much distraction at all. We had a real solid kickoff this year. We also had some strong sales that we signaled in the back half of last year that are now translating to the growth this year. We've seen some improvement in our people-based services business, which is also – was a pretty big headwind throughout the year for us last year. But I would just say across the board we saw improvement. We highlighted a number of those areas with good, strong transaction growth in our network. We're seeing strong demand for some of our next-generation innovations we're doing. We also continue to see good response from the sales team around core offerings and all of the pull-through that that can generate across our product suite. And to Woody's point, SunGard – the former SunGard business performed very well for us. We were pleased with the results of that. We had modeled that acquisition in that 3% to 4% range. So that came in on the high end. So all in all just a good quarter across the board.
David J. Koning: Great, thanks. Great to hear.
James W. Woodall: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. Nice job.
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, Darrin.
Darrin Peller: Just want to start off, when we look at the additional wins that you still have rolling on throughout the year – and I'm thinking about Sainsbury's still rolling out, and Crédit Agricole, and I know we've talked about issuer processing wins like Cap One and others. Is this going to be a setup where 4% is the start of an acceleration still through the year? I know initially your guidance was 3% to 4% with more of a second half weighted year. But here you are starting at 4%.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Darrin, as I said, we're pleased with the quarter. I think we continue to stay focused on the guidance we've issued. We realize that one quarter doesn't make a year, so we're focused on results. As you mentioned, we've got a lot of stuff that's in the pipeline coming online. But frankly we have that every quarter. And so the team's really focused on execution in 2016, focused on the integration of SunGard, focused on continuing to close out our sales and getting them on board in an appropriate way.
Darrin Peller: Makes sense. Just a quick follow-up. I mean we get a lot of questions on SunGard, in terms of the strength of its abilities, especially given the capital markets volatility we're seeing and volume levels. Can you just comment on the strength of 4% now there in SunGard? And if that's really sustainable? And then maybe just to add onto that, any cross-selling opportunities you see that we can benefit from between SunGard and the legacy FIS over the course of this year on the revenue side?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, no, absolutely. I mean the nice thing about SunGard is they look very similar to the way FIS has looked for years. These are very mission-critical, highly reoccurring software products that are required in order for a financial institution to open its doors. So while sometimes we can see impact due to transaction volumes or trading volumes – no different than we can on, for example, our debit network – the reality is for these institutions to open their doors, they need it. So this mission-critical nature is very important. We are seeing some really nice opportunities for pull through. Actually highlighted one in this quarter with that large commercial leasing company. This was a fantastic relationship that FIS had. And by the combination with SunGard, we were able to pull in our new offerings in a particular area that they were looking at and win that transaction. So we're already starting to see some of that. As I've said in the past, what you'll watch for is that really in the back half of the year in early 2017, because sales cycles are long in this business.
Darrin Peller: Okay.
Gary A. Norcross: But early signs are we will have a lot of opportunity in the global marketplace with our combined capability.
Darrin Peller: That's – all right, that's great. Just last question and I'll turn it back to the queue. On the Consulting side it was really good to see the reacceleration there on the people-based. I mean is that – I guess that's Capco primarily, right? And is that reacceleration something sustainable now? We don't have to worry about it slipping back to negative territory?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, that was our Capco consulting business. And as you mentioned, we were pleased with the quarter as well. We've talked about in the past, when you look at Consulting business, you really look at about 120 days to 180 days out. We've got very strong book-to-bill right now coming through Q1, which would indicate good solid Q2. And then that pushes into Q3 and Q4. But we feel good about what the team has accomplished. We certainly made a strategic shift there, and that strategy looks like it's paying off for us.
Darrin Peller: Great. That's excellent. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider: Good morning. Thanks very much. I was wondering, given the solid growth you put up in SunGard in the first quarter, do you still feel confident that you can get to the upper end of the original 3% to 5% SunGard growth rate you kind of had laid out there at the start of February?
James W. Woodall: We do. I mean we're pleased with the growth rate right now. We're pleased with the pipeline. We're pleased with how things are shaping up on the SunGard side. So absolutely. We still feel confident in what we've laid out and our ability to drive revenues in those levels.
James Schneider: Thanks. And then maybe just on the cost side of things. With the increased synergy target can you maybe talk about where some of those increased synergies are coming from? Are those additional synergies? Or just pull-forwards of the original synergies you expected to see in 2017? And are those more likely to come on the cost, the revenue side or the SG&A side?
Gary A. Norcross: I would say it's a combination of both. As we went into this, we realized that SunGard would have not as much overlap as some of our traditional large acquisitions we've done. And so we really stayed focused on the SG&A side; we stayed focused on our leveraged services side. What we've realized as we've gone through this process is there are some opportunities within the former SunGard business to implement changes in the way FIS operates these businesses. So we've seen the combination of accelerated pull-through that was identified in due diligence. We've also seen some opportunities that are new that we didn't discover during due diligence. So we're confident that we'll exit this year with the $150 million in run rate. And as you guys have seen in the past, we typically beat our projections on synergies.
James W. Woodall: And to add some color on your other question there, it was more highly weighted in the corporate costs right now, with cost coming out of the operations on an ongoing basis.
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely.
James W. Woodall: So a little heavier in the corporate costs early, as you might imagine.
James Schneider: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Brett Huff with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff: Good morning, guys. Congrats on a nice quarter.
James W. Woodall: Thanks, Brett.
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, Brett.
Brett Huff: One more detailed question on Capco, and I think the 1.8% growth in Consulting that you all give us in the GFS subsegment breakdown, that includes both Capco legacy as well as the new SunGard, is that right?
James W. Woodall: That's correct. The SunGard portion's pretty small, Brett. So if you remember sort of the views on the -
Brett Huff: Okay. So is that 1.8% sort of – I think Darrin asked this question, but I just want to be sure. So that Capco growth last quarter was negative 10% organic constant currency. Is there an equivalent sort of number you can give us that's – or is that 1.8% apples to apples?
James W. Woodall: It's close, Brett. You're probably plus or minus 0.2 point.
Brett Huff: Okay.
James W. Woodall: It definitely was an improvement from the fourth quarter.
Gary A. Norcross: As Woody said, the SunGard consulting piece was very small.
James W. Woodall: Yeah.
Brett Huff: Okay. That's helpful. And then also in the legacy GFS business, I know it was a little bit weaker on sort of the regular processing type businesses in the 4Q. Any discussion on that? I think there was some Asia weakness and things like that. How did that fare, again, on a sequential basis on that revenue growth, if you could give us a little insight there?
James W. Woodall: Yeah, I think what you saw was really good growth in Clear2Pay, good growth in Brazil that we talked about. India was very positive. On the opposite side of that, you still have some drag from the people-based services business. They weren't down like they were sequentially in the fourth quarter. They were more along the flat area, year over year, but still a drag to overall growth. So definitely saw an improvement, but still a drag to overall growth.
Brett Huff: That's great. That's what I needed. Thank you, guys.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of David Togut from Evercore. Please go ahead.
David M. Togut: Thanks. Congratulations on the strong start. Just a question on EMV. You called out strength there, Gary. Where are you in the EMV manufacturing and personalization process? What inning are you, approximately?
Gary A. Norcross: Oh, we're in the very early stages. We appreciate the congratulations, but when you look at EMV, we're at the very early innings of this. We were quick to market, as we've discussed. We've seen this as a tailwind every quarter for us. We're still the vast majority of the plastics we're producing in the quarter are still non-EMV. And so we've got a lot of room to run with EMV, as we roll that out.
David M. Togut: How much longer do you see EMV as a tailwind? Will this push into 2017?
Gary A. Norcross: I think that would be a reasonable assumption, based on what we've seen today.
David M. Togut: Got it. And then you highlighted, I think a couple weeks ago, that you're pretty close to launching a real-time payments network at the beginning of next year. Can you talk a little bit about that, and what your plans are for that?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. No, actually – we actually launched a real-time payment network a couple of years ago in PayNet. We've actually partnered with a very large customer that handles some of the largest global banks, and we're deploying a lot of our technology for that real-time payment environment, as we've discussed, David. There's going to be multiple networks to get this done. What we care about is that the underlying technology is FIS capabilities. Certainly that's all been augmented by our Clear2Pay acquisition that we did now a couple of years ago, as we highlighted. You see tremendous growth in Clear2Pay, and that's all around this real-time payments and also least-cost routing. So we think we're in very good position for this, as this comes online. But that client that we announced – I think it was either one or two quarters ago – that process is going very well.
David M. Togut: Got it. And a couple quick housekeeping questions. When you reported your fourth quarter, I think, Woody, you called out $150 million of revenue headwind from FX.
James W. Woodall: Yes.
David M. Togut: Are you updating your FX guidance? I think that was mostly from the real at the time?
James W. Woodall: Yeah, I can give you some color. We put in our guide about $150 million. I would tell you we're more in an expectation of around $100 million, given today's rates, David. As you know, pretty volatile. But we're thinking more in a $100 million zone right now.
David M. Togut: Got it. And then just finally, what do you expect the deferred revenue adjustments to be on SunGard for each of the second, third, and fourth quarters?
James W. Woodall: I would tell you we probably expect similar levels. It's an adjustment associated with purchase accounting. So we're adjusting it back in as if SunGard would have recorded it under GAAP. But we would expect similar levels through 2016 and it falling away into 2017, almost nonexistent in 2017.
David M. Togut: Thank you and congratulations.
James W. Woodall: Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, David.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Thank you. Good quarter here – from me.
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks.
James W. Woodall: Thanks, Tien-tsin.
Tien-tsin Huang: Good to talk to you guys. Just wanted to – just a couple questions. Gary, you'd mentioned within GFS the IP-led deals, right? Potentially higher margins, more predictable but lower growth. Just to dig in on that, is that just the result of a higher maintenance mix as opposed to license fees and people-based work? Just trying to understand that comment a little bit better.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, no, there's been a huge shift in GFS. Certainly, we'll go into a lot more detail next week at our investor update. But when you look at the complement of SunGard products and services and the amount of assets that they brought into GFS from that acquisition, the percentage of revenue tied to now true software and software solutions, whether it's license, maintenance, or outsourcing, has increased that segment to be about 85% of the revenue. So this is a huge shift that has occurred since prior to the acquisition. As you know, product-related sales tend to take longer, right? And then you have to go through an implementation cycle to onboard. So naturally growth is going to slow a little bit than say traditional people-based services businesses that are somewhat detached from software. But the advantage of that concentration is now you're going to see margins lift significantly in GFS. And we think we're going to have a great opportunity with some nice margin expansion in the coming years in that business as it starts taking on more of the characteristics of a true classic IP-type company.
Tien-tsin Huang: Got you. No, that's a good outcome. Then different question, Gary, just on new sales or bookings in the aggregate, not just Consulting. I know there's been some mixed signals out there in terms of bank spend on the IT front. How do you see it? How did first quarter come in versus plan on new sales?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, no. We had a good – as you say, we had a good, solid first quarter. We saw good renewal activity across both IFS and GFS. We saw some good closings, and I highlighted some of the larger ones in my prepared remarks. We see a really good pipeline. I would say we've not seen anything shift with regards to the sales results, although as we've talked about now for multiple quarters, it's a very competitive market. And based on that, we think we've got the solution set and the mission-critical applications to win in those deals. But all in all it was a good quarter across the board.
Tien-tsin Huang: All right, good. Just last one on guidance. Just – totally appreciate the conservatism in keeping guidance the same. But any incremental signs of weakness out there or revenue dissynergies that might give you pause in raising guidance? Doesn't sound like it, but just wanted to make sure.
James W. Woodall: No, I would say no, just a good start to the year. Feel good about the guidance we've laid out and are confident we'll be able to meet it.
Tien-tsin Huang: Great, thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi Bank (sic) [Citigroup] (36:48). Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you, guys. And good performance on the bottom line and cash flow.
James W. Woodall: Thanks, Ashwin.
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: I just want to start with, again, the guidance question, because just want to figure out, based on just the earnings benefit of higher synergies, which you guys said was back-end loaded. You also the 1Q beat and on the top line $50 million from FX and all of that stuff. What would cause you to be at the lower end of the range, given all of these positive things? Is it the higher accruals on the stock-based expense, that kind of stuff? What causes you to be at the lower end?
James W. Woodall: I think if you saw a fallback in the people-based services -
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely.
James W. Woodall: – that we saw last year, you could see some of that. If we didn't have good sales execution in the back half of the year, you could see some of that. So those would be the kind of things that could happen, Ashwin. We don't foresee those at this point, given what our forecast looks like. But again one quarter doesn't make a year, and we want to make sure we hit what we've outlined to the marketplace.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Understood. And then as you rebuild the Capco pipeline, is the nature of or attributes of the contracts that you're signing, the projects that you're getting, is it different than the last time you were rebuilding? Because that may have run into some issues back then.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, no, as we talked about in the end of last year, we made a strategic shift back to more strategic-type transformational consulting, which is the original ethos of our Capco business. As a result of that, we've seen our partners get much more focused on those particular areas. We've seen our pipeline grow. We've seen, more importantly, our book-to-bill number increase significantly, which is two very positive signs. And as I said gave us confidence for Q1, gives us confidence for Q2. We've got some more work to do for Q3 and Q4. But that's the nature of the Consulting business. So we're pleased with the early results of that change. It really does put us now back into a different conversation, where we're able to influence some of the transformation that's going on in the market. And it's really helping us augment a number of our IP services. So we highlighted for example, a large digital transformation with one of our more strategic clients in South America. We'll deliver that through our Capco organization, because it's a one-to-one, but that was led because of the significant relationship FIS has and our ability to leverage that relationship. So those kind of combinations are really what the intent has always been for our Capco consulting business. And as I said, the team has done a nice job.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Just couple of quick questions. One is the Corporate and Other piece. Should we look at these as maybe less strategic assets to you guys? There has been speculation in the past for example, that the public business might be up for sale. What might be the conditions under which you would say yes to that sort of a transaction?
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think we always look for ways to look at the portfolio, and what are the best fits for the long term, and what are not the best fits for the long term. We've talked about if we had some ability to sell some assets, it could accelerate the deleveraging of the balance sheet, which we're very focused on. But frankly, it's just we think about those businesses slightly different in their customer base and how we would service that customer base versus traditional financial institutions. So just look at them a little differently.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, I mean we saw a great quarter, frankly, in Public Sector. The leadership team is doing an outstanding job with that business. But I would say, Ashwin, as you've seen historically, as we have products that don't necessarily fit our strategy, doesn't mean that they're not great, great businesses. And so we divested our healthcare business as an example. We divested our gaming business. So – but in the meantime we're going to continue to drive these business lines. We've got great leadership over them and continue to maximize our shareholder returns.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Great. Last real quick question: Can you provide a cadence for debt repayment?
James W. Woodall: We've talked about looking at all excess free cash flow effectively being used to pay down debt. You can look at our history of driving free cash flow in terms of the curve, Ashwin, along with what we guided to this year. And minus dividends, that excess will be used to repay debt. That'd be a good way to model it.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Great. Thank you, guys. See you next week.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, guys. Congratulations on a strong quarter.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you.
Ramsey El-Assal: Are you seeing any different types of – now that you've had the asset sort of under your belt for a little while, have you seen any different types of cyclicality impacting SunGard versus your core retail bank business, things like in-flows or performance in asset management business or the broader financial market? Is there any incremental kind of macro factors to keep an eye on, as it regards to SunGard performance?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Ramsey, when we first bought SunGard, honestly, we talked about it when we made the announcement. You're looking at a company that looked very similar to FIS either the early part of this century or in the late 1990s. It had a heavy license fee concentration. So we were very focused on the license fee component of the revenue, because that can be more cyclical and also be somewhat more volatile. What we liked about what SunGard had done is those licenses were then in the form of term licenses. And back to the mission criticality of it, if people don't renew those licenses, those products can no longer be utilized in the particular institution. And therefore not only are they mission-critical, they're very large and very complex to implement. So we continue to watch that metric, but we also feel much better about that now after we've owned the company for some period of time. We continue to watch, just like in all of our large, global institutions, the macroeconomic issues that are going to impact spend. One of the things that we like about FIS is the fact that we have such a diversified revenue portfolio. So what you're finding is this spend can move around the institution. So increased regulatory change can perhaps drive more focus on regulatory and compliance. We now have a suite of solutions to deal with regulatory compliance. We also have robust professional services capabilities around that, as an example. And so what we've got to do is just make sure that our sales teams are tracking where the revenue is being spent, so that we can continue to maximize our growth through as the industry shifts.
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay. Second one. You mentioned an increase in transaction volumes from a big online retailer. Can you give us a little more color there? Was that a new acceptance win? Or was that an existing relationship that ramped up for some reason? Or...
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, it was an absolute new win that's been ramping up over quarters after implementation.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it, okay. And last quick one: What's your updated leverage ratio for the quarter?
James W. Woodall: I think we're looking just under 4%, Ramsey, based on estimated synergies, but just under 4%.
Ramsey El-Assal: All right, got it. Thanks. That's all for me, guys.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of George Mihalos with Cowen. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos: Great. Let me add my congratulations for the start of the year.
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, George.
George Mihalos: Just wanted to ask – historically the IFS segment has been less volatile than GFS. You're off to a good start here at north of 5%. Is there anything we should be aware of that could cause that rate to sort of deviate throughout the rest of the year? Or do you expect it to be pretty uniform?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, the biggest thing we always watch for in IFS – and as you said, it's very predictable for us – is really where acquisitions are occurring in market. And so the thing that is almost impossible to predict in this industry is when two financial institutions are going to come together, the size of that combination and where their processing is going to end up post-combination. So those are the things that can really impact IFS. We saw that over the last couple of years with some really large combinations. It drives a high termination fee, which drops right to the bottom line, but then you've got to fill in the processing volume. Other than that, really the business is – all the software we deploy in IFS is extremely mission-critical. We've had strong sales success over the last several years, as evidenced by the holes created in the example I just gave and the sales team's ability to fill that in. So we're continuing to monitor IFS, but to Woody's point earlier, we feel good about the quarter they had and frankly feel good about what the year's shaping up to look like for them.
George Mihalos: Okay. Appreciate the color. And then just two quick ones. I'm not sure if you guys gave the term fees in the quarter, or maybe what they were a year ago. And then, as it relates to SunGard, the 4% growth, was that pretty uniform throughout both segments, both IFS and GFS? Thank you.
James W. Woodall: Yeah, term fees in 2016 first quarter were $8 million. That compares to $5 million last year. So, again, much lower than history. With regard to SunGard within the two groups, I think Institutional and Wholesale you saw at 5.4%, so the corporate liquidity and treasury, obviously a little lower than that, flow into the IFS group. With Public Sector and Education growing at 7%. So 5.4% for the Institutional and Wholesale, 7% for Public Sector and Education. Slight decline in the corporate liquidity that flows in the IFS group.
Operator: Okay. And next we'll go to the line of Paul Condra with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Great. Good morning, gentlemen.
Gary A. Norcross: Good morning. Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) So I wanted to just ask, now that you gave us the segment restatements and some of the pro forma detail – which is very helpful; thanks for that – can you just give us a little detail, what kind of growth trajectory, margin trajectory you might be looking for in those segments just for the year?
James W. Woodall: Yeah, I think we added some color on that back in February when we gave guidance. The GFS segment, we think, full year, will be 26% or more, in terms of the improvement from a structural standpoint of adding SunGard in it, plus the synergy attainment. On the IFS segment for the full year, I think we still think 10 to 20 basis points for the full year is a good answer. Obviously you're seeing a little bit of a headwind there in terms of some incentive accruals, which are a little more difficult comp in the first and second quarter. But I think those outlined margin profiles are still intact for the full year. Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) And can you help us just understand the revenue in the Corporate segment for the year?
James W. Woodall: Yeah, it's pretty ratable. We anticipate it. We would anniversary the contract renewal in the second quarter, so you shouldn't see GCS with a similar level of organic decline. I think Public Sector and Education continues to perform well. So that sort of high single digit grower that we saw in Q1 should continue. And then with regards to the check processing business, that one we do think volumes will continue to decline over time. Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay, great. And then, lastly, you mentioned you're ahead on getting to the $150 million in synergies. You had previously said you wanted to get to $200 million by the end of 2017. So do you think you could be above that by the end of 2017 or get there earlier? Can you make any comments about that?
Gary A. Norcross: We're going to go through all of that here in a week at our investor update and give you guys a lot more guidance. But if you look historically, with FIS and our large acquisitions, we've always been able to exceed our goals in those particular areas. Frankly, we're off to a very good start. We feel confident in exiting the year with $150 million in run rate. As more synergies go from identification to projects and timelines for implementation, we'll certainly update you guys as we go forward. Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our last question for today will be from Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan C. Keane: Hi, guys. Just want to understand a couple things. On the guidance, you didn't raise the guidance, but with the lower FX and the higher synergies, I guess I would have expected you guys would take up the guidance a little bit. But is there anything offsetting that, like that's going the other way, that's causing you guys not to raise guidance? Or is that just being conservative?
James W. Woodall: I would tell you it's just being conservative. It's a very good start to the year. One quarter doesn't make a year. Just being conservative.
Bryan C. Keane: Okay. That's helpful. And then, on the IFS margins, they were a little bit lower than your guys' plan. It sounded like it was incentive accruals. Can you help us understand what that is exactly? And then what, going forward, should we expect for those margins, should they recover in the second quarter?
James W. Woodall: Yeah, I think we expected the incentive accruals. As you remember last year, we brought incentive accruals down with the results that we had. What we didn't expect or saw some overdrive in the revenue, some of that margin mix impacted us. So that was about 30 basis points off what our expectation was. So pretty close, but pleased with the revenue growth.
Bryan C. Keane: Okay. And then going forward there, on IFS, the margins, will we see the improvement?
James W. Woodall: Yeah, again, we think the full year is still sort of a 10 to 20 basis point kind of a growth curve. You obviously could see some change in that should the mix continue or accelerate, but we still think that 10 to 20 [basis points] is a pretty good answer.
Bryan C. Keane: And then the other clarification. Just on NYCE, there was a large retailer that drove the volumes there. Usually we always think about bank wins driving some of the EFT networks. Can you just talk a little bit about that relationship and how that drives that growth to NYCE?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, well, I mean, NYCE is one of the largest debit networks in market. It's always been a strong grower for us. As you said, it's very issuer-centric, but as we also sign up merchants, large merchants' ability on the acquiring side to then funnel those debit transactions through that network, those volumes, since that business is a collect model, as those transactions come through, you'll see natural revenue ramp and obviously natural profit contribution from that ramp.
Bryan C. Keane: Okay. That makes sense. That's all I had. Congrats on the great start.
Gary A. Norcross: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And I'll turn it back over to Mr. Norcross for any closing remarks.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. Our deep focus in investment and financial services is allowing us to drive change in the industry. We offer solutions that are making our clients' businesses run efficiently, while at the same time providing them the opportunity to grow and differentiate themselves in an ever-more competitive and strenuous regulatory environment. I'd like to thank our leaders and our more than 55,000 employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. As important, I'd like to thank our loyal clients, who depend on us and trust us to keep their businesses running every day. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Finally, please make plans to join us on May 10 for our upcoming Investor Day conference at the St. Regis Hotel in New York, or by dialing into the live WebEx of the event. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today at 10:45 a.m. and going through May 17 at midnight. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701, with the access code 390770. For international participants, the number is 1-320-365-3844, and again, for the U.S., the number is 1-800-475-6701, and the access code is 390770. Thank you for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the FIS Fourth Quarter Year-end 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead.
Pete Gunnlaugsson: Thank you, Brian. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings call. Turning to slide 2, Gary Norcross, our President and Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a business summary. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results for the quarter and full year. Today's news release and the supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Turning to slide 3, today’s remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. These non-GAAP measures are outlined on slide 3 as well. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the Appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. Turning to slide 4, I will turn the call over to Gary to discuss the business highlights. Gary?
Gary Norcross: Thank you Pete. Good morning everyone and thank you joining us on today’s call. I am pleased to report that we exited 2015 with solid momentum as the team’s focused on execution and driving further improvements in our cost structure and overall performance, delivering continued earnings growth. We were in the right markets empowering our clients of all sizes, whether here in the US with community and regional banks or globally. Our long term strategy has consistently driven year-over-year performance results, and we remain committed to our strategy. Turning to slide 5, we continue to build global scale in 2015, finalizing our acquisition of SunGard and finishing the year with revenue increasing 7% on a constant currency basis to 6.6 billion, growing adjusted EBITDA 8% on a constant currency basis to 2 billion, and producing adjusted earnings per share of 6% on a constant currency basis to $3.22. We generated 921 million of free cash flow in return to 605 million to shareholders. Strategically, we are investing in the business to deliver long term growth and superior shareholder returns. We are entering 2016 focused on three growth drivers; first, the acquisition of SunGard broadens our solution portfolio allowing us to expand and renew in adjacent markets and provide deeper value to our clients. Second, we will continue to capitalize on our expanded scale, operating leverage and our disciplined integration to drive earnings growth. Third, our strong cash flow generation allows us to invest for growth and return capital to shareholders. Turning to slide 6, our SunGard acquisition which closed on November 30 is a meaningful value creator for FIS. As we have discussed in the past, the industry is continuing to move towards fewer providers due to the complexity of solutions and regulatory oversight. As a result, our strategy has been to continue to expand our broad array of IT led products build for the financial services industry, augmented with the right transformation services components needed to bridge the gap between these complex systems in the new digital age. The SunGard acquisition is another key component in implementing this overall strategy. In addition to opening complimentary new markets, this combination positively impacts the revenue mix, creating a more profitable, product centric revenue base and the ability to accelerate margin expansion by implementing our leading go-to-market delivery approach as well as significant cost savings around administration and technology expenses. This acquisition expands us beyond our traditional retail banking and payments footprint in to the institutional and wholesale side of financial institutions as well as other buy side organizations. On a combined basis, our share wallet with our common global clients increased dramatically due to this combination, allowing us to become a more strategic solution provider. This comment has been substantiated multiple times over the last 60 days as we’ve engaged with many of our global clients regarding the combination. The benefits of the transaction do not stop with our global banks; it also significantly expands our existing solutions and client base in wealth management, treasury and corporate payments. These are in high demand among our regional and community institutions and has been a significant focus area for FSI as our clients look for ways to replace their fee revenue due to continuing regulatory change and increased oversight. As we look at the December results for SunGard, we are pleased with the momentum the sale organization maintained throughout the month, and are also pleased with the health of the overall pipeline that we acquired. While still early, we are also excited about how the sales teams are collaborating and building further opportunities within our robust client set which further substantiates the strategy and why we put these two companies together. Finally, this transaction brings a very strong talent and increased leadership to FIS, with market-specific expertise. This further positions FIS as the clear leader in financial technology globally, strengthening our ability to deliver for our clients and help them grow their business. Turning to slide 7, based on the significant strategic rationale discussed, the cultural environment has been equally strong given both companies been a center on developed products for financial services. This cultural alignment has allowed us to accelerate our integration efforts and we are very pleased with our initial progress integrating these two great companies. For example, we’ve already rolled out a streamline organizational structure, transitioned our North American payroll and benefits plans and completed the rollout of the rebranding of SunGard. Given our current pace and results to date, we are ahead of schedule to exit 2016 at our synergy run rate goal of 100 million and are confident in our ability to exit 2017 with the synergy run rate of 200 million. FIS has a proven track record of meeting or exceeding our synergy targets and based on progress to date this record will continue. While that wraps up my comments regarding the strategy and integration of SunGard, the company had other notable successes in support of our growth. I’d like to spend a few minutes discussing some of these key results. Turn to slide 8 to review the segment highlights; our integrated financial solutions business continued to cross-sell and upsell additional products and services to our North American client base leveraging the strength of their portfolio. In particular, we saw a continued demand for our digital solutions, wealth and card production and institutions of all sizes. In addition, we expanded our relationship with a large online retailer in the fourth quarter resulting in double digit growth in our high margin network services business. Our multiple businesses continues its industry leading position, growing its number of registered users by 19% year-over-year and delivering 27% year-over-year growth in our postpaid service model. Overall in our digital finance we grew to greater than 250 million in revenues at margins greater than 40%. Card production increased 12% to a 112 million cards inclusive of (inaudible) and EMV. EMV grew sequentially 15% from Q3 to Q4 in 2015, resulting in a full year production of 12.5 million EMV cards. We continue to build traction among mid-tier community institutions signing several new long term core processing partnerships in the quarter and full year. The success we saw in core processing signings for the year was almost double the number of deals in 2014. These wins in 2015 create positive benefits for 2016 and beyond. Also in the quarter we signed the bank with assets greater than 200 billion to consolidate its debit processing and associated product related services. The decision was driven by the banks’ desire to improve operating efficiencies and increase service flexibility with a common solution across its expansive retail and direct bank business. This significant multi-year agreement demonstrates FIS strength is serving the payment needs of institutions of all sizes around the world. 2015 was a transition year for Global financial solutions business. We responded to the challenges presented to us in the year whether they were due to global economic issues, overall softness in market demand for people based services or execution. We made leadership changes to address execution issues and refocused the impacted businesses. Regarding our consulting business, Capco, we are seeing progress and building our pipeline for consultative deals but continue to expect a slow recovery in the first half of 2016, with increased performance in the back half of the year. As we discussed in the strategic rationale for SunGard, our non-product led businesses now make up less than 10% of our total revenue. Globally, our Clear2Pay business showed very strong momentum growing over 20% for the full year, fueled by solid demand for real time payments and a clear competitive differentiation in this space. We acquired Clear2Pay in 2014 with the strategic view of the market’s direction and it is another illustration of how disciplined acquisitions and careful integration can enhance our client value proposition and earnings growth profile. During the quarter our GFS segment signed a bank in North America with assets greater than a 100 billion to a new multi-year agreement for a new (inaudible) providing an end-to-end integrated solution for core banking, fraud solutions, back office and call center services. This key win underscores our ability to deliver innovative technology solutions that empower our clients to better serve the customers in today’s digital age. In Brazil, we were encouraged to see one of our key clients pursue the purchase of a large card portfolio expanding their franchise for future growth, even in the difficult macroeconomic environment. This acquisition expands our ongoing business in Brazil and we are already seeing the benefit in our revenue stream as we provide professional services expertise to onboard these accounts in the back half of the year. In Europe, we continue to show positive sales momentum especially in the UK and Germany where we saw important wins across the year that will fuel continued growth in 2016. Our strategy within the region is building momentum around our expanding relationships by leveraging existing strings within the FIS and SunGard portfolios. We are making strong progress in the Sainsbury engagement. We recently delivered the new bank platform which is a key milestone in the project. Testing is underway and we now plan to start to migrate customers under the new platform later this year. We are proud of our partnership with this client and we look forward to empowering them as our strategic partner and we look forward to empowering them as our strategic technology partner over the next decade. We also signed the first all-digital bank in the UK as we helped this client prepare for their upcoming launch in 2016. Asia continued to have strong growth throughout 2015, and we are pleased that SunGard acquisition more than doubles our sales force in the region, which allows us to continue to address to demand for FIS products and services throughout the high growth region. Turning next to slide 9, before I turn the call over to Woody for the financial review, I’d like to summarize by emphasizing that our competitive positioning is strong and our long term earnings growth story remains intact. To meet our 2016 growth and financial performance goals, we will continue to focus on driving profitable growth, maintaining a strong balance sheet, returning cash to shareholders and continued acceleration of our integration efforts. With that I’d like to turn it over to Woody for additional details on how’s the financial results for the quarter and full year. Woody?
Woody Woodall: Thanks Gary. I’ll begin with slide 11 with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter and then for the full year of 2015. The fourth quarter and full year results included the impact of the SunGard transaction, which closed on November 30. Those results are reported in the GFS segment. Today unless otherwise specified, I’ll be referencing percentage changes in our metrics on a constant currency basis. Also reconciliations of non-GAAP measures can be found in our press release and our earnings deck which is posted on the investor relations page of website. In the fourth quarter, revenue increased to 1.9 billion or 18% and adjusted EBITDA increased 21% to 624 million. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations increased 13% to 278 million and adjusted earnings per share was $0.93. In the quarter, foreign currency translation negatively impacted revenue by 63 million, EBITDA by 12 million and earnings per share by $0.02. For the year, revenue increased 7% to 6.6 million and adjusted EBITDA increased 8% to 2 billion. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations increased to 930 million, a 6% increase and adjusted earnings per share was $3.22. For the year, foreign currency translation negatively impacted revenue by 243 million, EBITDA by 45 million and earnings per share by $0.07. I will now continue on slide 12 for segment results. In the fourth quarter, Integrated Financial Solutions grew 4.4% on a normalized basis to 1 billion. EBITDA increased 3% to 405 million compared to the prior year period. We are pleased with the results of this segment and the underlying business continues to perform well. For the year, IFS revenue on a normalized basis increased 3% to 3.9 billion and EBITDA increased 2% to 1.6 billion. Turning to slide 13, our IFS growth was driven by our digital and RISC solutions and by an increase in EMV card production volumes. Recurring revenue composition remains very high in IFS. Turning to slide 14, in the fourth quarter Global Financial Solutions revenue increased 38% to 902 million. SunGard contributed approximately 300 million of revenue and approximately 100 million of EBITDA. Excluding SunGard on a normalized basis, GFS revenue decreased 30%. This decrease was driven primarily by softness in professional services demand and a difficult comp to the prior year period. GFS adjusted EBITDA increased to 259 million, representing a 58% increase. EBITDA growth in the quarter was driven restructuring comp sanctions taken in the first half of the year and the inclusion of SunGard for one month. For the year, GFS revenue increased 16% to 2.7 billion, excluding SunGard on a normalized basis, revenue grew 3%. EBITDA increased 25% to 629 million. Moving to slide 15, we are presenting the results in the region including SunGard to give some credit in to their regional impacts. Although we noted that SunGard’s impact is only for one month. Given that, my following commentary on the regions excludes SunGard and focuses on the GFS segment standalone performance. For the first fourth quarter, North America declined approximately 50 million to 252 million, almost half of this decline is a result of the previously discussed contract non-renewal followed by continued softness in professional service dominion and a difficult license [sale] comparable in the prior year period. For the year, North America revenues was 1.1 billion, as of the non-renewal of the contract, full year revenue decreased 1% reflecting professional services softness in the second half of the year. In the quarter, Europe grew 1% to a 198 million, for the year Europe’s revenues increased 14% to 757 million. The fourth quarters’ results included the anniversary of our Clear2Pay acquisition and the impact of softness for people based services in Europe. We are pleased by the results in Latin America and the contract expansion in Brazil with a nice win in the quarter and should help Latin America in 2016 in spite of difficult macroeconomic backdrop. As Gary indicated earlier, we remain bullish on the long term impact of the Asia Pacific region. The teams have done a nice job of growing the business in this region. The addition of SunGard creates contribution from IT led solutions which we believe improves the visibility and predictability of results for this segment. Moving to slide 16, for the quarter free cash flow increased 12% to 399 million or a 143% conversion of net earnings, and for the year, free cash flow increased 7% to 921 million or 99% conversion of net earnings. We are highly focused on paying down debt and deleveraging the balance sheet. The effective tax rate increased to 33.4% for the quarter compared to 32.6% in the prior year period, driven by acquisition related items. For the full year, the effective tax rate was 33.1%. Moving to slide 17; in 2016 and going forward, we will quote revenue growth on an organic basis. Organic revenue will exclude the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency translations. We believe this will be a better visibility in the underlying operating results of the business. For 2016, we expect organic revenue growth of 3% to 4%, adjusted EBITDA of 2.84 billion to 2.9 billion, adjusted earnings per share of $3.70 to $3.80, representing growth of 15% to 18%, free cash flow to approximate adjusted net earnings. As we think about the quarter-to-quarter flow of the operating plan, we generally expect 15% to 18% EPS growth each quarter and expect the impact of synergies and interest savings to increase over the course of the year. There is more information regarding our planning assumptions in the appendix material, and I will highlight a handful of them here. We assume net interest expense of approximately 370 million, a 2016 effective tax of approximately 35%. We believe that by implementing tax planning strategies over the next 24 months, we can drive the effective tax rate down by 200 basis points or more. Capital expenditure is approximately of revenue, reaffirming our goal of exiting 2016 with 100 million or more in run rate cost synergies. Moving to slide 18, in conclusion I’m highly confident that our operating plan and our ability to deliver double digit earnings growth in 2016 and 2017. We remain focused on multi-year earnings growth and cash generation and believe our business model will create long term shareholder value and we continue to invest for growth and strive for leadership in the markets that we serve. That concludes our prepared remarks, operator you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question today comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Glad to hear that the SunGard integration is running ahead of plan. Can you provide details around your cost stakeout assumptions for SunGard for calendar ’16, in other words, what’s embedded in the guidance for the full year and then to the extent you have a target for calendar ’17 that would also be helpful?
Woody Woodall: David, again we’re exiting at 100 million or more, I want to tell you for planning purposes, I’ll use the 100 million exit run rate. If you think about the flow of the operating plan, we’re trying to get some color around 15% to 18% each quarter. If you think about how the synergies will flow, I would lean towards the 15%; moving towards the 18% over the course of the year as the synergies come through and interest cost are reduced as we pay down debt. For 2017 David, we are still targeting a 200 million exit run rate and we will have that at least ratable at this point of time.
Gary Norcross: Yeah David, this is Gary, obviously at this point we are highly confident in achieving that. And as I said in my prepared remarks, when you compare it to the really last big transaction we did which was Metavante back in 2009, we are ahead of where we were at this point in that process. So we’re going through a number of already very significant milestones with the restructuring, the conversion of payroll and benefits and the other things we mentioned, and now we’ve just got the line of sight in implementing the plans over the course of the year. So we’re in really good shape on the integration and it’s gone very smoothly at this point.
David Togut: Any color on the demand environment for SunGard, they have a very strong capital market focus and clearly seeing a lot of volatility now in capital markets. Is demand holding up in this environment?
Gary Norcross: You know that was my point I was trying to make in my prepared remarks. I was real pleased with the month of December and our SunGard execution. When I look, forget every opportunity to really take the foot off the gas. I mean they could have gotten distracted with the combination; we had a lot going on at that time. The teams stayed very focused through year-end and executed very well. So that was positive. When I look at the pipeline, going in to this year, the same thing exists. The pipelines are growing, the teams are executing, they’re very excited about being a part of FIS and I think that’s translating in the client base. I can’t tell you how many comments I’ve gotten over the last 60 days from clients just talking about being up under FIS, our ability to invest and focus for the long term. And so the customers are receiving it well, our sales teams are receiving it well, and that’s projecting in to the results. So we feel really good about it. The secret’s going to be, as now since November 30 as we’ve started to put or sales teams together and they’ve started to have some conversations about joint selling in to the account. We’re also seeing some good tractions, not only in the global financial institutions, but as i said when you look at treasury and wealth and many other products that SunGard have that are applicable for regional and community banks, we are starting to see strong traction there as well. I mean, of course as you know, our consulting groups started in the capital markets area of the industry and so being able to ramp that kind of consultative engagement around product is going to be differentiating for us going forward.
David Togut: And then if you could give a little more color on Capco. You had mentioned towards the end of last year, Lance Levy taking over the business, repositioning it to focus more on high-end transformational consulting. What’s the current growth for Capco and then why do you think it could be exiting ’16?
Gary Norcross: We sold mid-single digits growth on Capco for the full year last year, which was obviously substantially less than what has been done in the prior years. As you mentioned, Lance has taken over the helm of the consulting group. We really rallied the partners around, engaging more in to the transformational consulting side which drives a higher margin, and also is more complimentary to help differentiate some of our product IP. The back half of the year was slow as we retooled it. We’ve actually seen growing in to the first half of this year a nice ramp in the pipeline and we’re starting to see some results of that early on. I do think with the first half of 2016 is going to be slower from a growth standpoint, but then when we get in the back half of the year as that continues to ramp, we’ll see capital to start returning back to a more normalized double-digit growth rate for us.
Woody Woodall: To be clear Dave the organic 3% to 4% for the consolidated company, we’ve got Capco for the full year in a mid-single digit zone.
David Togut: Just two quick final housekeeping questions, what FX impact you have built in to the 2016 guidance and then what is your forecast for termination fees?
Woody Woodall: Yeah, if you look at the assumption package there are some details on slide 20 that’s further in there. Right in here we baked in about 150 million headwinds that are really driven primarily as a Brazilian real but still having some headwind in the Euro right now. With regard to term fees, we exited 2015 with about 40 million. We’ve got less than that in 2016 that would bear you probably 20% less.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff: Just a little bit more detail on the guidance, I think that we’ve been trying to figure out and I think others have been trying to make sure we understand and then guide. Can you give us a little more detail or ballpark on what your SunGard assumption is for revenue and maybe even profitability and I know going forward there’s probably not going to be as much detail. But I think we and others are just trying to make sure we’re modeling this right here on this first year out. So any help on that would be helpful.
Woody Woodall: If you think about the revenue growth profile Brett I would tell you probably in the 3 to 5 zone on the SunGard from the revenue growth standpoint. In terms of margin contribution, our GFS margins without them are about 22% or so, with the synergies we think the GFS margin growth of 26% plus in 2016. That will continue to grow with the 2017 as we get full run rate synergies out of it, but that’s what we are looking at in’16 in terms of profitability contribution.
Brett Huff: So the 22% for the fourth quarter was GFS ex SunGard, but the 26% plus is with SunGard in the synergies.
Woody Woodall: Let clear, GFS around 22% would be a sort of a full year GFS without SunGard. Adding SunGard and the synergies in to 2016 we think the GFS segment growth profile or EBITDA margin profile would be 26% for us.
Brett Huff: So both of those numbers are for ’16. And then you mentioned specifically Gary and I just want to make sure I heard you right that slower growth in the Capco portion of consulting and I’m assuming that’s probably the low single digit that we’ve been seeing the last couple of quarters. And then you said, may be double digit growth in the back half. Can you give us a sense of the drivers, first of all is that correct? And second of all, give us a sense of the drivers? There were some questions of whether or not there was a systemic sort of industry wide big bank slowdown and uptick of professionals’ services or whether there were some specific things that were just your business. Can you give us some color on that?
Gary Norcross: Yeah, just to be real clear, you hit the nail in the head in the first half of the year, you’re going to see flat growth in Capco, may be even a little declining over prior year periods. And then you will see it ramping up to Woody’s point for the full year getting to up mid-single digit, and then going in to 2017, we do expect Capco to recover to more of that double digit growth rate. But as you know in the consulting business, that’s all about building your pipeline and filling it. And that’s in fulfilling it. That’s one of the things that we changed significantly. What we have done in Capco historically is we’ve gotten to a very large transformational engagement and we took our eye of the ball or off the base business of consulting in my opinion. And so we’ve retooled the leadership there, got them refocused on executing more of the thought leadership consulting engagements. We’ve seen nice uptick of pipeline. We’ve actually seen strength coming in to Q1 with deliveries. So we got to continue to that obviously and continue that growth. But it’s going to be much more back to what we picked in the original Capco acquisition which is more transformational consulting, where we are doing engagements more short term in nature around thought leadership and how to transform various functions of financial institutions and then allow us to pull in more product IP instead of some of the large lower margin body shop type deployments that we’ve gotten in to. Lance has excellent experience on that, from his prior life with his former company. He’s bringing a great discipline to that process and we’re seeing a lot of improvement early on under his leadership.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of David Koning from Baird. Please go ahead.
David Koning: First of all on the IFS segment, it looks like that might have accelerated to around 5% growth if we exclude the gaming business from the prior year, and the strongest growth of the year looks like. I’m wondering first of all if that’s right, and secondly if there were term fees in the quarter and how much those were and then finally if that higher level of growth is sustainable through 2016?
Woody Woodall: It’s a good comment. I think if you normalize of it the gaming and other pieces, we got about 4.4% growth in the quarter which we did see as an acceleration. I think the level of no ease in ’15 was high compared to ’16. `16 should be clean and which is a very good line of sight around it. We did have about 8 million of term fees in the quarter that flowed in to the IFS Group. So and you saw the exact way around. We did see some level of acceleration and it’s a relatively clean number.
Gary Norcross: But you are thinking about it right David. I mean the team’s done an excellent job of cross settling and filing in frankly as we’ve described in the past from these whole set of created firm, from these clients that are leaving due to being acquired, right. So we saw a nice acceleration in growth and we’re confident about where that’s going to come in 2016.
David Koning: Okay, and then just turning t GFS, you made a lot of comments around some guarding capital. But you declined about 3% normalized in Q4. Are we going to turn to growth again in Q1 and maybe if we look through the year is that low single digit growth in the first couple of quarters and mid or maybe even a little better in back half. I just want to know if it going to grow throughout the year or if Q1 is still a down quarter.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, Q1 will not be a down quarter, we will see growth. What you’ve got is a compliment of SunGard continuing to grow the base product or solution set business continuing to grow with Capco having some headwinds still in the first quarter. But yes we’ll see growth and anticipate growth in these quarters.
Gary Norcross: SunGard brings an increase in our product lab or product focused IP sales in that group as well, and so those are more sticky in nature and they’re also more reoccurring in nature and so we think that’s going to help with the growth throughout ’16.
David Koning: And finally just a real quick one on the definition; with organic growth through the year, are you going to include SunGard in the prior year quarter or are you just going to exclude SunGard from the current quarter as we look through the rest of the year?
Woody Woodall: We would include it in the prior quarters, similar to how we have done organic growth in the past. We exclude acquisitions, divestitures and FX very similar to how we did in 2014 and prior.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Just want to follow-up on Dave’s question on GFS, its first half and second half there’s a lot of moving pieces across the Capco piece. What are the other big puts and takes that we need to consider? It sounds like the Bradesco conversion is a big one, anything else?
Woody Woodall: Yeah I think the win for Bradesco was definitely a nice win for us. We’ll do some services around that conversion in the first half with the actual conversion taking place mid-year on that portfolio. Excited there; we do anticipate good growth in Asia Pacific again. Clear2Pay is going to grow well and then we’ve got some softness in Capco in the first half. SunGard’s growing relatively ratably over the course of the year.
Gary Norcross: Also Tien-Tsin keep in mind as we talked about in the prior March, you got Sainsbury coming on, Woody mentioned Bradesco, you’ve got the Digital Bank that is being launched in both the US and also in the UK that’s two separate contract but both of them will be driving revenue as well throughout the year.
Tien-Tsin Huang: So summer is a pretty important conversion period then?
Woody Woodall: That’s right, but we don’t have the same curve that we had. It’s much more ratable over the course of the year.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Right, because you’ve got some informational work here. And then just my follow-up, just the SunGard retention, I know that had gotten better towards the better part of ’15. Have you seen any chance, sounds like it’s doing well, but how the conversation has been going around retention? What are you assuming for 2016?
Gary Norcross: We’re continuing to see an improvement in retention throughout 2016. As you pointed out, they’ve had a very nice slope of improving that over the last several years and we think that will continue. Frankly the conversations with the clients have been extremely positive and I’ve had an opportunity to have a lot of those over the last several months. And what we’re finding is they are very pleased that FIS was the acquiring company, they are very pleased with how our overall size of relationship has grown through the combination because we would have already a strategic relationship with those clients. So it makes us that much more scaled and so it’s all positive. But we are planning for a continued improvement and retention and we think the evidence of that won’t occur.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Just want to touch on starting off with guidance once again just as a follow-up. You came off a year where obviously there are some unforeseen things that had occurred and so I know that the intention hopefully was to come in to this year with more of a conservative guidance assumption, and so here with 3% to 4%. Our first quarter run rate was decent on the IFS segment and obviously like you mentioned for a lot of different reasons slower on the GFS. So when you look going forward, can you just give us some confidence if there is anything that would lead to that guidance being either below that or what are those variables and potentially is that already conservative. Is this sort of the low end of the range? Inherently what you’re giving with upside to that from other variable, I guess there’s some contact around the conservatism and the nature of how you really thought about guidance here this time.
Woody Woodall: As you might imagine coming out of ’15 and looking at the macro backdrop, we definitely took a more conservative approach particularly on the revenue growth lines, and specifically on the revenue growth lines that are more discretionary in nature. Across the board, we think we’ve got lower sales execution risk in the various [play-ins] and then we’ve got a larger component of the earnings per share that will rack on more controllable things, synergies for example, things that we can go and execute on regardless of macro backdrops. So, yes, we think we got a conservative plan here both in top line and in earnings per share growth in 2016.
Darrin Peller: And then on the cross-selling side, I am curious to know, is there anything included in your outlook around SunGard and are you seeing any evidence so far of cross-selling in terms of revenue synergy opportunities, whether it’s the wealth business you’ve talked about in the past or its Capco or others.
Gary Norcross: Yeah Darrin, we were very conservative when we looked at cross-selling. But we are as I’ve shared in my prepared remarks; we are very excited about what we’re seeing in the conversations that are occurring. There are a lot of opportunities as we are looking at the wealth, we’ve taken wealth and combined with our existing wealth business and gives us a substantial scale in that space and allows us to push in to the regional community banks and seeing good progress there. We’re seeing great uptick in some of our regions around world, Europe, Asia, specifically where we are able to bring out of sales resources and SunGard sales resources augmenting with Capco and seeing some nice early engagements. So we do think there’s going to be some upside, but to Woody’s point we were conservative in our modeling of that.
Darrin Peller: And just last question from me, when we looked at - when we heard your prepared remarks you did list off a number of if what sounded like pretty decent size deals. I know Bradesco is one, but also I think you’re investing $100 billion in a bank for direct banking and some others. It seems like there was a lot that was announced and still sort of slowly but surely rolling on through this year, whether its Sainsbury, you mentioned testing or Credit Agricole or others that are still to come. Can you give us a little more color on the timing of some of the larger implementations? Sainsbury sounds like it’s in testing mode now and it’s going to ramp through the year I imaging. Anything else we can just sort of hold on to in terms of similar larger deals?
Gary Norcross: I think you’re right; we’ve got a lot of large transactions that we signed. The sales team executed well throughout last year. Frankly to your point, it does on board over time because these are big projects and it takes time to get them onboard. But when you think about Sainsbury, it becomes a mid-summer deployment for what we’re calling phase two of that project. The final phase will launch in early ’17, so very good progress there. We have high confidence in that and the relationship can’t be better and the teams are working very well. We also mentioned a UK Digital Bank that will launch in Q2 as well, and then the Digital Bank that you mentioned [credit] of 100 billion, that will drop a lot of services, but that will be onboarding throughout ’16 and in to ’17, so that’s a little later, because we didn’t sign that till Q4 and those tend to run about anywhere from 12 to 18 months of deployment time. The Bradesco talk about the large card portfolio that will also come on in mid-summer.
Darrin Peller: And would you say those four are the top four that are sort of yet to be implemented that you have in the pipeline or now that’s [reassigned]?
Gary Norcross: Those are some of the key ones that we’ve highlighted. Of course obviously in the company [outside] we’ve always got a lot more large implementations going on. And so the team that was a nice job of deploying those and typically they come on without any excitement which is always the thing we’re looking for. So we’ve got to continue to not only execute on our delivery pipeline but also our sales pipeline, we got to keep filing those delivery buckets, and the team’s done a nice job doing it.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Just want to start IFS, when I look at sort of low level of term fees in 2015 and you signed several new core processing clients, shouldn’t that result in a higher normalized top line growth? And when I look at the overall IFS [team mates], maybe that’s the offset. But how much of an offset is that going to be? Any kind of prognosis on IFS by the various pieces?
Woody Woodall: And when you look at it, I think Ashwin a couple of things, one, conservative about our revenue growth guidance for 2016 first of all. Secondly as we talked we do have a broad set of payment solutions business, some of them are growing faster, some of them are growing slower, which is a headwind to overall growth in to the IFS Group. What we did see was good growth in the banking group and good growth in the business solutions group and EMV card production. So we’ve got some growth but we definitely still have some level of headwinds. Again the macro backdrop here is conservative overall guidance as well.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Can you comment on the nature of some of those headwinds, the timing aspect of it?
Woody Woodall: Well if you think about our check business for example, check volumes continue to decline, that environment continues to be a headwind overall for us. We seek some price compression in payments group that we’ve talked about before. So that’s a bit of a headwind in terms of overall growth. Some of these wins are obviously coming on and they’re implementing growth or improving growth as we forward. But you’ve got a combination of headwinds and tailwinds in that business that we think is still driving that 3% to 4% range in to 2016.
Gary Norcross: If you think about it, and we keep mentioning it on the calls, but it’s been a significant growth with all these acquisitions, and so that’s just a natural headwind that propels in to 2016. While the term fees are coming down and I always point to, that’s a great indicator of the launch for. They are continuing, they are still not down to zero, right, so we still got to deal with acquisitions. To Woody’s point, it’s a very competitive market, we continue to see the price compression as an issue, but the team continues to sell through that, where they had a great year last year in sales and I would tell you in 2016 we see no indication that’s not going to continue.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Now none of those factors sound like the check processing payment price compression I think is new there, that’s good. As you look at the overall portfolio of business that you now run are there pieces either within SunGard or within FIS old curve that does not make sense that does not belong?
Gary Norcross: There’s always going to be. We’re always sort of going to evaluate what are the right assets for us going forward and also what meets and fits with our strategy. As you’ve seen historically at FIS we’ve divested up assets that don’t our strategy but are very good company. So I’ll point to healthcare, I’ll point to the gaming business. And we’ll continue to look and evaluate that. If we have assets that don’t fit our overall strategy, but would be better served under a different ownership structure, we would certainly pursue that.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Last question, investors obviously care a lot about leveraging, I am hoping you can comment cash used, might you lean a little bit more debt towards debt pay-down as oppose to buyback, any thoughts there?
Woody Woodall: We would lean very heavily to debt, [quit] repayment there. In fact we don’t anticipate any share buybacks in 2016. We will close the year round at about four times leverage. We’re targeting to get [bad debts] of 2.5 times by the end of 2017. But all of our excess free cash flow will generally be used towards debt pay downs Ashwin over the course of ’16 and through ’17 until we de-lever back to the targeted level.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: (inaudible) on a constant currency basis in 2016?
Woody Woodall: 2015 during the third quarter which they reported was about a 5% growth rate. We only picked up the month of December which was a $300 million contribution; their full year growth rate was just under that number.
Bryan Keane: Okay, so more kind of in line than the 3 to 5 you guys were thinking about for SunGard going forward?
Woody Woodall: That’s correct, probably more in the 3 to 4.5, 3 to 5 zone.
Bryan Keane: And then just a clarification on GFS, just trying to think about the pieces on the minus 3% constant currency organic growth in the fourth quarter. Telling through is tough comps and then you mentioned also of course professional services. Any details you can give us on those numbers on how to think about the drop there of minus 3%. May be what Capco grew in the fourth quarter exactly on a constant currency basis.
Woody Woodall: Capco on a constant currency basis was down approximately 10%. That equated to a full year growth of 5%. We were anticipating Capco having slow growth in Q1 and returning to some growth in Q2, Q3, Q4, but in mid-single digit for most of 2016. So that’s how we kind of slow that piece of the business line.
Bryan Keane: Anything else to quantify inside of GFS that was negative or caused the drop of 3%?
Woody Woodall: Those were the big items, the other one, the license comp that we had in 2014 once there was about $7 million or $8 million license in 2014 that drove a difficult sales comp in to ’15.
Bryan Keane: That’s really helpful. I think going forward in GFS ex SunGard is that still supposed to be in that positive 3% to 4%, and then just what drives that just in the first, second quarter in the first half, I assume its supposedly or supposed to be lower. Is there anything that helps the growth either way to come off that minus 3% ex SunGard?
Woody Woodall: I think the Latin America win definitely helps support some of that growth. Ex SunGard that would offset some of the PS business that we talked about. Clear2Pay is still growing very well for us in Europe and in Asia Pacific it’s been growing pretty well. So the combination lands on we believe the three to four kind of zone without SunGard in the front half of the year as well.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos: Just wanted to ask you is there cadence we should be aware of in the IFS segment as we model through 2016 or should the growth there be fairly uniform quarter-to-quarter unlike the GFS segment?
Woody Woodall: We think it’d be fairly uniform. That business is highly recurring, very predictable and has performed well in our anticipation. That coupled with very little expectations around term fees, we think it’s going to be a pretty ratable growth.
Gary Norcross: I think George when you think about it, it will return to a more normalized quarter-on-quarter that we’ve seen historically in that business, given its 90% reoccurring revenues. So that’s what we love about that business is very predictable.
George Mihalos: Just to follow-up on Bryan’s question, it sounds like for the first quarter at least of ’16, Capco again will be under some pressure. It sounds like may be on a constant currency basis that should be negative, and then start to turn positive in 2Q and then accelerate over the back half of the year. Is that the right way to be thinking about it?
Woody Woodall: That’s a fair way to think about it.
Gary Norcross: As we said the back half of last year we started filling the pipeline, we started getting out and selling the type of consulting we were looking for. We’ve had some engagements we are starting to fill that. So all the indicators are nice progress, but this will take some time to get it back to a more normalized basis.
George Mihalos: And just last question from me just as we think about the tax rate, the 35% for 2016. Woody how comfortable are you that that coming down in ’17 may be they are something closer 33 or a range like that?
Woody Woodall: I feel really comfortable. If you look at what SunGard was doing, they’ve repatriated most of their cash back to pay down debt. It produced a standalone rate that was pretty high about 38% standalone when you take out discrete items in their history. So we will feel very confident in our ability to drive that rate down over the course of ’17 and forward as we implement tax planning strategy similar to what we’ve done at FIS, utilizing the foreign rate differential in some of the structure that we have.
Operator: And our last question of the day comes from the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Glenn Greene: The first one, you were asked the question on bank spending, discretionary spending related to SunGard, and it sounds like obviously with the fourth quarter you had a deal wins that went off. So just broadly the bank spending, discretionary spending environment for the core business ex SunGard both across those GFS and IFS?
Gary Norcross: What we can say is what we’re seeing in our product focused sales teams, we are continuing to see good pipeline, good closure. Keep in mind, even on SunGard, most of their license fees are term based, so you have to renew them in order to continue to process. There’s also a large maintenance string and processing strings associated with that. So you’re really talking about mission critical applications. And as I said, we saw great response out of SunGard team in December. We see good pipeline in to the Q1 and good line of sight to our Q1. We are also seeing across traditional FIS business and our IP sales we’ve highlighted number of key wins last year. So we think that gives us confidence going in to ’16.
Glenn Greene: So basically broadly you haven’t really seen any sort fall off in activity levels, given the uncertain environment we’re all seeing and volatility?
Gary Norcross: Other than our people based services business, we haven’t. We’ve seen some softness there, we’ve highlighted that starting mid-way through last year, but really in our product led sales, we continue to see good strong momentum.
Glenn Greene: And just to be clear, there’s a lot of commentary around guidance for the segments. Just to be clear as it relates to the 3 to 4 organic growth, it sounds like you are thinking 3 to 4 for both IFS and GFS, and I think I heard the 26% margin comment for GFS including SunGard, just to be clear on the margin and growth expectations by segment.
Woody Woodall: We typically haven’t given segment guidance, but I’m going to give you some color around it. We do think IFS in that 3% to 4% zone, the top one. We would anticipate IFS margin’s in a 10 to 20 basis points expansion range. We would look for GFS revenue in the 3% to 4% zone as well, and that GFS margin profile to increase from 22% or so to 26% plus.
Glenn Greene: Just one last question, very high level commentary on the GFS from a geographic perspective, sounds like Latin American is probably going to improve with the Bradesco [language] sort of a much higher broadly kind of full year basis by the year before (inaudible) geographic.
Gary Norcross: When you look at that blend, Latin America is going to have a nice year given the wind that we had in Q4. Moving over in to Europe, we’re seeing strong product led sales, especially in the UK and Germany specifically, and we think that’s going to continue. We had some good sales success last year in that region, a lot of that’s going to be onboarding this year, but we also see good pipeline and good integration. Asia has been strong for us consistently, and frankly as I mentioned we now doubled the size of that sales force in Asia which is something that we needed for the increase in demand that we’re seeing. And so we were in the process of broadening our sales force there anyway. So that’s going to be a good outcome. We are bullish that that team’s going to continue to execute and Asia’s going to be continue to be a strong grower for us.
Operator: And for closing remarks, we’ll turn the conference back over to the CEO, Gary Norcross. Please go ahead.
Gary Norcross: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. I’d like to summarize by saying strategy has consistently driven year-over-year performance results. Our deep focus in investment and financial services is allowing us to leave change in the industry. We are excited about our future. I’d like to thank our leaders and our more than 55,000 employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. As important, I’d like to thank our loyal clients who depend on us and trust us to keep their businesses running every day. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, today’s conference will be available for a replay after 10:30 AM today through February 23. You may access the AT&T Teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1800-475-6701 and entering the access code 383548. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. And those numbers again are 1800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, again entering the access code 383548. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-03 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead.
Pete Gunnlaugsson: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Turning to slide 2, Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a business summary. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results for the quarter. Today's news release and the supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Turning to slide 3. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. These non-GAAP measures are outlined on slide 3 as well. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the Appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. With that, I will turn the call over to Gary to discuss the third quarter business highlights on slide 4. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, Pete. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I'd like to start by giving you a strategic update on our business starting with our pending acquisition SunGard which is a significant achievement and long-term value-creator for FIS. We are excited about this acquisition because it grabs immediate client and shareholder value and it aligns with our long-term growth and performance goals. This combination allows us to address a wider array of client business needs with a broader set of expertise and intellectual property based offerings in an adjacent and complementary financial services market. The combined company will be positioned as the clear leader in retail and wholesale financial technology globally. We are also very excited about the shared opportunities it creates in our customer base having independently received very positive feedback from our clients about this combination and the benefits it will provide to their organizations. It will bring new talent and leadership which when combined with FIS drives us – value as a much larger company. Ultimately, this combination will drive extended demand through the following ways: by capitalizing on a much broader capability set for our existing clients. In many instances, the two companies combined will be considered a very large existing provider of the many global financial institutions. Second, by exposing FIS to a much broader market set such as asset managers and private equity firms which will allow us to sell many of FIS existing products to those new prospects over time. Currently, we have received all regulatory approvals and are targeting closing the week of November 30. The teams of both companies have been working together since the announcement on integration planning. These efforts are producing solid line of sight to our long-term synergy targets which we've previously shared. We are pleased with the results to date. We are confident that our proven track record of integrating acquired assets combined with our global delivery skill and financial strength will enable us to deliver on this value creation strategy. Turning now to the quarter results on slide 5. Consolidated revenue was $1.6 billion, an increase of 3% on a constant currency basis which is below our expectations. We continue to see macroeconomic demand softening in our large and global financial institution clients, primarily in our people-based services. Overall EBITDA was strong at $530 million, representing a 12% increase on a constant currency basis versus prior year. This earnings growth in a softer-than-expected-revenue quarter highlights the strength of our business model and sound execution on managing and reducing our cost structure. Our results continue to drive shareholder value, delivering adjusted earnings per share of $0.90, an increase of 15% on a constant currency basis. Our long-term client relationships together with our global scale and operating leverage continue to drive highly reoccurring revenue and consistent profitable growth. Our business model and execution generate strong free cash flow. In this quarter, we delivered $223 million of free cash flow and returned $73 million to shareholders through dividends. Our Integrated Financial Solutions segment continues to drive very strong reoccurring revenue, largely driven by our established community and regional bank business and continues to produce industry-leading margins. The long-term growth profile of this segment was enhanced this quarter by the addition of numerous new community banking clients who selected FIS as their new core banking provider. These core wins represent a 15% increase compared to the prior year period. Each of these wins also included digital banking and/or payment capabilities, underscoring our solid position within the bank market as a leading strategic partner for end-to-end banking and payment solutions. During the quarter, our Digital Solutions saw double-digit growth. Sales momentum has been strong year-to-date, but was partially offset by continued bank consolidation and price compression in this segment. The underlying fundamentals of the business are very strong. Turning next to our Global Financial Solutions business, we saw double-digit growth in Europe as our Clear2Pay solutions continue to perform, as well our sales teams delivered high-margin product sales in core banking and payment solutions. Deal closure in Asia Pacific was robust. Our Asia Pacific business continued its recent successes, driving double-digit growth. Our leadership team in the region has consistently delivered strong results over the last several years. Through that leadership, we continue to expand relationships with existing clients through the same cross-sell and up-sell model that we established in our U.S. domestic business. Deals within this region continue to be focused on our core banking and payment solutions. Latin America continues to experience an overall tough macroeconomic environment. Despite this, the underlying business drove low-double-digit constant currency growth. In North America, results were impacted by the large non-renewal of a non-strategic contract disclosed earlier this year, coupled with demand softness in our people-based Professional Services. Turning next to slide 6. Before I turn the call over to Woody for the financial summary, I'd like to reinforce that FIS is a company that delivers consistent long-term profit growth and a solid track record of performance. Our four-point strategy reviewed in this year's Investor Day material centers around driving shareholder value. First, we are expanding client relationships through cross-sell, up-sell actions evidenced by our double-digit product sales in digital and wealth solutions, and expanded client relationships through our new core wins. Second, we are expanding our solutions and client value propositions through our billed-by-partner model as evidenced by our strategic SunGard acquisition. Third, we are driving continued operating leverage and margin expansion through our highly reoccurring revenue model leveraging our scale and broad product scope. And fourth, our capital allocation discipline is allowing us to invest for growth, maintain a flexible but solid balance sheet and return capital to shareholders. We are confident that the strategic direction to drive growth in global markets is the right strategy for long-term earnings growth and shareholder value. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Woody for additional detail on the financial results of the quarter. Woody?
James W. Woodall: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on slide 8 with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter. In the third quarter, consolidated revenue was $1.6 billion increasing 3% on a constant currency basis. EBITDA was $530 million increasing 9% as reported and 12% on a constant currency basis. EBITDA margin expanded 320 basis points to 33.6% In the quarter, foreign currency translation negatively impacted revenue by $71 million and EBITDA by $15 million. Year-to-date, foreign currency negatively impacted revenue by $180 million, EBITDA by $33 million and earnings per share by $0.06. As Gary indicated, we are experiencing macroeconomic headwinds in our business. These headwinds impact our clients and affect the amount they spend with us for our people-based services. Therefore, we have proactively taken cost out of the business pulling additional variable cost levers where performance did not meet expectations. We will continue to monitor the global environment and adjust our cost structure accordingly. Non-GAAP adjusted net earnings from continuing operations were $255 million for the quarter and $652 million for the first nine months of 2015. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.90 for the third quarter, an increase of 12.5%, or 15% on a constant currency basis. We suspended share repurchase beginning in May based on our discussions with SunGard which resulted in a negative impact on EPS of $0.01 per share for the quarter. Non-GAAP results for the quarter are adjusted to exclude acquisition-related purchase price amortization of $0.12 per share, merger acquisition, integration and severance costs of $0.12 per share, and the tax impact from the divesture of our gaming assets of $0.03 per share. I will continue on slide 9 for the third quarter segment results. In the third quarter, Integrated Financial Solutions revenue was $971 million, which was up 1% compared with to the prior year. The underlying IF business fundamentals remain sound. Revenue grew 4% after normalizing for divestitures and the change with the loyalty vendor we previously discussed. EBITDA increased 6% to $408 million. EBITDA margins increased 200 basis points to 42% for the quarter and 40% for the first nine months of 2015. This margin expansion speaks to our ability to manage and adjust our variable cost structure in reaction to top line growth trends and performance. IFS margin also benefited from $20 million in term fees which was in line with our guidance earlier this year. Turning to slide 10. Our Payment Solutions revenue was $403 million, down 1% for the quarter. This was negatively impacted by the change with the loyalty vendor and a divestiture in the second quarter. Absent these changes, Payment Solutions grew 3% for the quarter. Business Solutions revenue was $280 million and grew 2% compared with the prior year. Business Solutions grew 9% for the quarter after eliminating the effect of the divestiture of our gaming business. For the first nine months of the year, Business Solution's revenue was $845 million, up 4% compared to prior year. Banking Solutions revenue was $287 million and grew 2% compared to the prior year. For the first nine months of the year, Banking Solution's revenue was $843 million, up 5% compared to the prior year. Turning to slide 11. In the third quarter, Global Financial Solutions revenue reported $609 million representing a 5% decline over the prior year. On a constant currency basis, GFS revenue grew 6% for the quarter and 7% for the first nine months of the year. Global Financial Solution's EBITDA was $157 million on a reported basis or $174 million, a 23% increase on a constant currency basis. EBITDA margins were 25.8%, compared to 22% in the prior-year period. This expansion is primarily driven by restructuring and re-segmentation cost actions disclosed earlier in the year, and also higher margin product sales in our international regions. Moving to slide 12. For the third quarter, North America produced revenues of $268 million compared to $289 million in the prior-year period. Europe grew 17% on a constant currency basis to $220 million driven primarily by growth in our Clear2Pay business. Without Clear2Pay Europe grew 5% in the quarter and 7% year-to-date on a constant currency basis. Latin America revenue grew 11% on a constant currency basis to $120 million for the quarter and reflects an easy comparison to the prior year. We anticipate growth in Latin America to continue to be muted over the coming quarters based primarily on the economic conditions in Brazil. Asia Pacific continued its strong performance at 27% on a constant currency basis. Corporate expenses were $35 million for the quarter driven by diligent cost management. The effective tax rate was 32.8% for the quarter, compared to 31.2% in the prior-year period. The prior-year period included a discrete tax benefit of approximately $9 million. As of September 30, our weighted average interest rate on our existing debt was 3%. Our debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA leverage was 2.6 times. Moving to slide 13. On October 13, we announced and completed the issuance of $4.5 billion in senior notes and have received commitments for $1.5 billion in new term loans. This was done in anticipation of closing the SunGard transaction in the fourth quarter. The remainder of the cash proceeds necessary to facilitate closing the transaction and retiring the existing SunGard debt will come in the form of borrowings under our existing revolver. We anticipate retiring the existing SunGard debt at or shortly following the transaction closing date. We continue to reinvest in the business. Adjusted cash flow from operations totaled $310 million in the third quarter of 2015. Capital expenditures in the quarter totaled $87 million resulting in free cash flow of $223 million for the quarter. For the year, we expect CapEx to be slightly higher than our goal of 6%. We still anticipate full year free cash flow to roughly approximate net earnings. We returned $73 million to shareholders through dividends. We suspended our share repurchase program due to the pending SunGard transaction. Post-closing, we'll be highly focused on paying down debt and delevering the balance sheet. Moving on to slide 14 for my concluding remarks. For the year, we expect our reported revenue growth to be flat as we continue to see significant negative foreign currency translation headwinds. Revenue growth in constant currency is expected to be approximately 3%. An overall slowdown in global market spending is resulting in softer demand for people-based services, particularly in our GFS segment. As noted in the quarter, we continued to adjust our variable cost structure in reaction to revenue softness to drive earnings growth in difficult market conditions. Our EPS guidance for the year will be below the low end of our previous guidance range due to the following. The suspension of the share repurchases since May related to our discussion activities with SunGard, and the carrying cost of the incremental $4.5 billion in debt issued in October 20 in anticipating – in anticipation of the SunGard transaction. We are looking forward to closing the SunGard deal and excited about the prospects it brings. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Dave Koning. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning: Yeah. Hey, guys. And I guess, first of all...
Gary A. Norcross: Hi, Dave. ...yeah. Yeah. Thanks. I guess, first of all on the GFS segment. Was any of the weakness – it sounds like most of it it's in the people-based business. Was any of it due to any contracts getting pushed out anymore? I mean, is everything on pace now? And the secondly, into next year now, I mean, do you expect that to resume better growth as we kind of look into next year back to more normalized levels?
Gary A. Norcross: You know, Dave, we'll give you guidance next year after the fourth quarter call. But we continue to see softness, as you mentioned, in the people-based businesses. Our projects are back on track, the one we mentioned earlier. And so, in fact, I met with the team, with the board of that institution a couple of months ago, so things are going much better there. But we are seeing just our large global banks tighten down their spend on various Professional Services and various engagement. So while our consulting business is still growing, we're seeing some slowness in our consulting business in a couple areas and then even in our application, Professional Services business. But it's primarily geared in the global banks. IFS, you continue to see good strong growth there once you adjust it for the divestitures. Obviously that group has been impacted heavily through the acquisition consolidation, but the team's done a nice job of selling through that.
David J. Koning: Okay. And the Professional Service is a little lower margin anyway. So I mean, you hate to lose it, but at the same time, the mix shift probably helps margins a little bit?
James W. Woodall: That's true, Dave, I think the mix shift actually helps margin. You don't want to lose the revenue and the ultimate EBITDA contribution. Conversely though, you are able to proactively react on your variable costs as it is a people-based business. So to the extent you've got some softness, you can protect profitability.
David J. Koning: Okay. And then finally, you said reported revenue is flat. That did not include SunGard. I would imagine if you have SunGard in the last month of the year, maybe $250 million of revs or something like that I think in addition, right?
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I mean, it does not include anything associated with SunGard. We'll address that when we actually close the transaction. What it does include – not on the revenue side, but the EPS side, it does include the activities we have taken in anticipation of the SunGard transaction. Again, halting share repurchase since May and carrying the $4.5 billion of debt that we anticipate needing to close the transaction. But the revenue growth I outlined does not include anything associated with SunGard.
David J. Koning: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Togut. Please go ahead.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning, Woody and Gary.
Gary A. Norcross: Good morning, David.
James W. Woodall: Good morning, David.
David Togut: Gary, you mentioned that you're very excited about the progress on the SunGard transaction. Can you give us a progress update? Since you announced this a few months ago, specifically, you called out at that time $100 million target cost savings run rate by year-end 2016, $200 million by year-end 2017. Where do you stand on those targets based on an incremental three months of work on SunGard?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, David. It's a great question. As you would imagine, when you go through due diligence, you do a lot of your analysis on synergy takeouts from more of a top-down approach in due diligence. Since the signing, we've been able to get our teams together especially on a lot of corporate sides on the non-client-facing areas and really been doing a much more thorough bottoms-up. We've formed a dedicated integration team. There's been tremendous progress as the leaderships from both companies have come together and worked through the various integration strategies. And as you remember back when we did the large Metavante deal, it's all about, for us, hitting the ground running. So, for us, we feel very good about our guidance that we've given on cost takeout, line of sight of that. We got time frames to deployment. We feel comfortable on our $100 million commitment for next year. And certainly, we're in the process of implementing those plans and we continue to do more bottoms-up analysis. So, very early days. We haven't even closed yet. But I would say we're in extremely good shape at this point in the transaction with regards to how we're going to integrate the companies, what the synergy opportunities are and where they are, and then, we got to go execute on them.
David Togut: Do you intend to make any changes to the sales force? In other words, structurally, are there any changes required to generate significant cross-selling, or do you just leave the existing teams in place?
Gary A. Norcross: I think it's early on that phase. That's usually the last step that we go through because we need to get through our regulatory approvals and get the transaction closed. But right now, there will be no plans to make any changes. We think there are some opportunities outside the U.S. to leverage our go-to-market strategies and leadership with their go-to-market strategies and leadership. We don't want to have redundant country managers, for example. So, we want to make sure that we have direct line of sight to be able to call on those clients in a very cohesive way. But when we look at where the product solutions fall, what's very nice is how SunGard really breaks us into a lot of adjacent markets, and frankly, we're actually seeing product sales in some of those markets, SunGard's seeing, growing a little faster in some of the markets we're in. So, we think there is a real opportunity for the sales forces to come together on a complementary fashion, and we would expect to see some nice traction on that post-close.
David Togut: Understood. And just finally, you called out strength in product sales in GFS which is a reversal from what we saw earlier in the year. Can you provide a little more detail on what's driving that strength and to what extent it's sustainable into 4Q and beyond?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. This year has been a really interesting year for us with regards to product sales in our global markets. We've seen delays in deals, and, obviously, Woody talked about all the currency headwinds that I think are driving a lot of the impacts in the macroeconomic issues that are driving some of those decisions. But in Europe, for example, we saw a really good traction around our Clear2Pay solution this quarter. We also saw another new signing of a new challenger bank that we've talked about. So, that's exciting to get that on contract and moving forward. So, the team continues to do a nice job of selling against the challenger banks that are going on in the UK. In Asia, we saw great traction around not only core banking but also around payments as well with some expansion in some instances but many new instances, new logos coming on. Frankly, the growth to what we saw in Brazil was not product related. It was more of an easy comp. But we did see some traction around our cards process and transaction process in that country.
David Togut: Got it. Thank you very much.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Mihalos. Please go ahead.
George Mihalos: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just sort of start off on a housekeeping item. Can you breakout what the inorganic growth was in the quarter? And then as we think about some of the weakness that you called out on the consulting side, that really seems to be I guess, looking at the charts you have here, focused on the large global banks. It seems like in Europe that business continues to do well. Is that the case?
James W. Woodall: The biggest component, George, on inorganic will be the delta in Europe from Clear2Pay primarily where we talk about 17% versus 5%. Reliance Trust, we've anniversaried. We picked that one up in the early third quarter last year, so we've really anniversaried that. You can see that in the delta in the Banking Solutions growth of 5% for the year versus 2% for the quarter. So, you really – the biggest component will be the Clear2Pay acquisition from an organic anniversarying standpoint.
George Mihalos: Okay. And then as it relates to the weakness that you're seeing in consulting, is that translating over in Europe as well or is it really more sort of the global U.S. banks here?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. We're seeing on the consulting side, our consulting group is still growing. It's just not growing as fast as it's traditionally been, so the team is doing a nice job. As you said, we continue to see strength in Europe. It's more in the large global institutions in North America where we're seeing some softening. But overall, our consulting business, just to be very clear, is still growing quite nicely, it's just not at the rate that it has been in the past.
James W. Woodall: That's right.
George Mihalos: Okay. Appreciate that color, Gary. And then just two quick follow-ons. You talked about consolidation in the banking space having an impact. Obviously, we've got the announcement of New York Community Bank and Astoria Financial coming together. Maybe if you can comment as to what that might mean for FIS. And then, sort of as a follow-on to that, are you seeing more of an opportunity for the NYCE network with PINless debit and the like going forward? Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. The New York Community Bank-Astoria deal, as you would imagine now in the U.S., it's hard to find a financial institution that's not a client of FIS at this point in time. So, we've got good relationships with both those institutions. It's still very early to know what that's going to mean for FIS. I'm sure we'll get heavily involved in the combination at some point in time. So, more to come on that as they work through their regulatory filings and come to closure. So, that's where that one falls.
Operator: Your next question comes...
Gary A. Norcross: Oh, and I'm sorry. You also asked about the NYCE opportunity. I didn't write that one down. NYCE opportunity, we do see good growth in NYCE. Is PINless debit playing a role in that? We would say there's some evidence of that occurring. But we continue to see good solid growth in our network.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Huff. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff: Good morning, guys.
Gary A. Norcross: Morning, Brett.
Brett Huff: Two questions. One is can you give us an update – I think there were some large GFS outsourcing deals kind of rolling around in the pipeline. Can you give us an update on those and kind of where they are in terms of closing? And did any delays in those contribute to some of the revenue guidance changes that you announced today?
Gary A. Norcross: No. We continued to make good progress on a number of our – a number of the large transactions you mentioned Brett, but we wouldn't attribute that to the delays. Frankly it just continues to be more macroeconomic in nature. I would say in general we've seen deals push and some get pulled into the quarters, which is a little more erratic than obviously what we've seen in past years. But we're – it's really more in our short-term Professional Services engagement where people can reduce that spend very quickly due to an impact on their side for whatever reason where their tightening their belt. So we're seeing more of that occur, and that's really where we're seeing the softening.
Brett Huff: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on that softening. You mentioned that mostly North American global banks are the source of that. Is there a specific general driver for some of these banks or is it company – or bank-by-bank specific that's kind of making these banks change their tune a little bit on the short-term projects?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. I wouldn't tell you that I would see anything that – I think it's more bank-by-bank. I think everybody's under differing expense control initiatives, and as they're evaluating long-term projects they're just coming in and out of those long-term projects based on what's going on in their particular bank.
Brett Huff: Great. That's what I needed. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller. Please go ahead.
Darrin D. Peller: Thanks, guys. Look, I mean, overall looking at your broad metrics, it looks like your businesses generally did pretty well outside of this one area. And so I mean, this area seems like – if it's enough to drive a decline in your guidance by a couple of hundred basis point of growth, I think it's pretty – it will be helpful for us if you can sort of size it, right? I mean, in terms of – I understand you say 17% of your GFS is people-based services or whatnot, but more specific to what actually is the area that you're seeing having pressure, maybe it's the banks in North America or what, but if you can give us a little color on how big that specific part of it is, and if we should expect this to be a headwind for a while or not. And if not, I mean – or either way, just help us quantify what kind of impact this could be in the next few quarters.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. If you look GFS, Professional Services is about 30% of that number. So, for the quarter, that'd be around $100 million – about $200 million. If you look at that that seems to be where we're seeing most of the softness there. It's both in North America at the big banks, but also outside the U.S. in the big banks as well. So, if you look at that, we are seeing – that is the area where we're seeing the softness in the demand. We've seen it probably through the first quarter. You saw us take some cost action. You've seen some in the second quarter and much more really in the third quarter. So we do see that as sort of a global sluggishness from Professional Services consulting demand. And for the moment, we're seeing that carry into 2016 right now. We're not giving full 2016 guidance right now, but we're definitely seeing the global sluggishness in the economy impacting those demand drivers for people who buy services.
Darrin D. Peller: So what was the...
James W. Woodall: ...will have an impact.
Darrin D. Peller: Is there a way to quantify the actual growth rate of that 30%?
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I mean, I would tell you the growth rate around the 30% was more in the low-single digits this quarter, where we had seen that growing strong double digits for a while. So, definitely, it had an impact in terms of the overall growth rate, and we are seeing that flow into at least the fourth quarter outlook, driving the delta in the guidance around the constant currency revenue growth.
Darrin D. Peller: Yeah. And I kind of have to ask just because again it looks like the rest of your business is doing pretty well. So there's demand among some of these same clients, and there's also among some of your competitors in the IT services space for financial given some of the trends we see from Accenture and Cognizant and others. I guess I just wonder if this is a market share question or is it anything specific to your – a few specific clients or something on your services that need investing or what?
Gary A. Norcross: No Darrin, I don't think we're seeing anything that – as Woody mentioned in the prepared remarks, we continue to invest efficiently on our capital and invest in our businesses and products to help them grow. We have seen some combination impact, but I agree with you. The underlying businesses are running well. When you're dealing with short-term Professional Services businesses, you're going to see some headwinds that can come from time to time due to macroeconomic issues because that's typically one of the first things that our clients slow their spending on. We've seen this before in these businesses. As I said, it's highlighted a little bit because we've had some consolidation issues around acquisitions, and so we've had to grow through those. But we don't see any glaring issues in the product suite today. We continue to see our consulting business grow. It's just not growing as fast as it has in the past. And as Woody said, even our PS business is growing, but it's just not growing as fast as it has in the past, and therefore causing us a headwind. But to Woody's point, we do see it progressing into Q4, and it looks like it's going to progress into 2016.
Darrin D. Peller: Okay. And then, just on the margin side, I mean, you actually had pretty strong margins on the quarter, year-over-year expansion, and some of it is despite some of the lower trends on the revenue side. And so, just give us some color. I know you made some – you said you took some actions to keep the margin where you want it to be, and, therefore, your earnings ended up being more or less in line. In terms of sustainability to these new margin levels, is this something we can count on going forward?
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think you've got some impact, again, from term fees in the quarter as we've been talking about a lot this year in terms of the lumpiness around that. We did see what we anticipated in term fees in the third quarter, which had some positive impact on the margin side. The cost actions themselves were probably another 50 basis points on top of the term fees. So, we will anticipate seeing some of that benefit flowing through as well as when we capture some of the synergy costs associate with SunGard, we'll see some net benefit on the margin profile. But at this level, we don't anticipate this level of increase on a recurring basis, Darrin.
Darrin D. Peller: Okay. All right. And then just as an update again, I know you mentioned SunGard, timing-wise, is still expected for the year-end. I know that's pretty transformational as well, right? There's nothing in that or in your current trends organically that should have any impact on your business and integration with SunGard, just to be clear?
James W. Woodall: No, we don't have anything there. Again, the delta would be just specific items we have had actions associated with to-date in anticipation of the transaction, but nothing beyond that.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. Both parties, as you would imagine, have been gearing up to align the companies, so that we can come together on an integrated fashion on the week of November 30 when we're closing.
Darrin D. Peller: Okay. Very good. Thanks, guys.
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Just want to stay with Darrin's lines of questions on Professional Services. Just to be clear, did you see a lot of projects this year simply wind down and sort of reach end of life and you're looking to replenish the pipeline? And has the demand sort of shifted from maybe security and compliance to some of your other areas of strength, and are they simply changing now, so you need to again replenish and build new solutions. Just curious what the plan of attack is there?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. I think it's a little bit of all the above, Tien-tsin. I mean, what we saw, we definitely saw a couple of projects wind down. In risk and security, we had a very large one last year that wound down. We've had another one that's ramped up, but there's been a lag period in that. We've also seen a fairly significant combination of two financial institutions, and then that ongoing Professional Services work has wound down because of that combination and they're going through their cost-cutting initiative. So, it's really a little bit of all of the above. We're also seeing strength, though, in replenishing those. We've seen, as I mentioned on the risk and security side, we had a very large one last year that ran through the course. We've now replenished it with one that's larger but it's in the process of ramping up over the next 12 months. And so, it's a little bit of all of it going on.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay. No. That's good to know. So, just last one on this one, just the cost actions you're taking, is that just a compensation sort of play or a change in hiring plans or actually looking to reduce head count?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, as we look – you know, look, we build all of our plans to be shareholder-relevant, right? So we focus on shareholder value, and what we're realizing is the nice thing about our business is we do have cost levers that we can pull. So, as Woody pointed our earlier, as we see some softness in PS, we're going to reduce that head count down in alignment of it. We're also gearing up, as I mentioned just earlier to Darrin, we want to make sure that our two companies are aligned so that when we close on SunGard the week of November 30, right, we're able to put those together pretty cleanly as well. So, it's a combination of both. But what you've seen at FIS over the years is as we're monitoring what's going on in our revenue streams, as we're monitoring what's going on in our pipeline and closing, we're adjusting those cost levers to most effectively drive shareholder value.
Tien-tsin Huang: Yes. I'm sure that's the case. Just two more quick ones, if you don't mind. Just IFS, just want to clarify the pricing compression. How broad based, or is that comment more related to the consolidated clients?
Gary A. Norcross: I think we continue to see price compression in the market. We've talked about it for years. In some instances, I would say, it's accelerating a little bit. We're also seeing a lot of consolidation. But in the IFS market, it's a very competitive market. I think fundamentals of that business and the team executing that business continue to perform very well given those economic issues. But it's very competitive in that market.
James W. Woodall: Tien-tsin, just to add on that, I think we have seen some pretty heavy price compression from the monoline players coming in against the payments product set as they've competed against us on price heavily there.
Tien-tsin Huang: Great color. Last one if you don't mind, just thanks for taking my questions. Just MCX [Merchant Customer Exchange], any update there? I know the pilot is out, and they had some news with the Chase Pay and whatnot, so, any update? Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, it's still too early to say what that's going to mean for us. We were glad to see the announcement. We think it brings some traction to MCX. As you said, they've appeared to make good progress through the pilot. As we mentioned earlier, we're in our minimums period now. That started in October. And so, at this point, we're going to continue to monitor MCX and see what happens. But we do think the announcement, we were glad to see that MCX is back in the news. And hopefully it drives some significant transaction growth over the years.
Tien-tsin Huang: Thanks as always.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal. Please go ahead.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, guys. A quick follow-up on Tien-tsin's question. So, just to be clear on the Chase Pay announcement, those transactions ride on a completely separate set of rails. They don't – they're not transported across your network in any way or do you play – you don't play a role on the back end there for the Chase Pay system?
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. At this point, we don't know exactly how it's all going to work. But yeah, we're assuming that that's true.
James W. Woodall: To be specific, Ramsey, we don't anticipate Chase Pay right now based on preliminary information to be a significant tailwind for revenue.
Gary A. Norcross: Correct.
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay. I had a question about your non-U.S. exposure and how that changes and evolves with SunGard. Could you remind us of the total percentage of non-U.S. revenue pro forma for SunGard? And then also just provide a little color about whether your mix of currency exposures or markets, how that kind of changes. Is there incremental exposure in places like Latin America or Asia that could be better or worse for the macro kind of – when looking at your business in the context of macro headwinds?
James W. Woodall: I'll try to add some color. We spent a little a bit of time on that at the Announcement Day deck. And I think there are some slides that may be helpful. SunGard is about 36% of their revenue is outside the U.S. For us, for FIS, it's about 22%. Combined based on the scale of the two models it will be about 25% outside the U.S. In terms of where it is, they have a more significant presence in Europe, which is complementary to where we are from a size perspective. They have a small Latin America presence where we have a pretty large Latin America presence. And to be clear, that's probably one of the most significant macroeconomic headwinds that we've got, where currency for Brazil was down 17% since July since we announced previously. So, we've got pretty good exposure there for terms of revenue growth. They do have a significant presence in Asia Pacific, but it's blended across a number of different countries. So, hopefully, that will give you some color as to where it's at. Net-net, it should increase our international exposure around 4% to 5%.
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay. Great. That's very helpful. And just quickly and lastly from me. I saw the announcement with The Clearing House using your real-time payment system to provide a real-time capability that they can market effectively. Can you walk us through sort of the impact of that announcement? Do you anticipated that being – it seems like The Clearing House as a private ACH switch would touch a lot of banks and push a lot volume. Is that a business opportunity you think has some – will make an impact on your numbers going forward, or just a little color there would be appreciated.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we're excited about The Clearing House relationship as we are with any sale. I think it's early to talk about the tailwind that it might provide on our revenue stream, but certainly, we're going to be working very closely with them to move real-time payments into their environment, and we'll bring more to bear on that as the project moves along.
Ramsey El-Assal: All right. Fair enough. Thanks a lot, guys.
Gary A. Norcross: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And your final question today comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey. Please go ahead.
Andrew Jeffrey: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Again, on the services side of your business, just trying to understand a little bit also whether or not some of the demand challenges you're seeing perhaps are more structural from a regulatory perspective as opposed to cyclical. And as a corollary, when you look at SunGard and some of the synergies you hope to get from (42:28), does that sort of alter your thinking at all from a strategic perspective?
Gary A. Norcross: Andrew, your second question came through very garbled on the second half of the question. I think your first part of the question was services related to macroeconomic trends, or more around regulatory influence I think was the first part of your question, which came through garbled -
Andrew Jeffrey: – right and as a follow-up, right, because to the extent there is a regulatory more structural component to challenges within the services demand, does that affect your thinking on SunGard at all, or maybe change the strategic go-to-market in any way.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. So, let me address the first. I think, obviously, we continue to see increased regulatory demand across the globe. And that's not only in large financial institutions, that's even in community and regional institutions. So, certainly, regulatory is the top-of-the-mind conversation in any engagement we have today. And we're obviously seeing that influence the demand across the board. Do I think regulatory is specifically related to some of the Professional Services slowness that we're seeing? I don't at this point in time. I think it's much more just macroeconomic an issue in I think some of our larger institutions. You see them announcing all the time big cost-cutting initiatives, et cetera. And I think they're looking for ways to do that. When you look at SunGard, I don't think it changes the way we think about our go-to market. SunGard is much more IP-centric, very much like traditionally FIS, but they don't have as large of a PS business as what we're seeing in the global. So, it's going to be complementary. So, it might dilute some of our Professional Services percentages in the aggregate, but we're going to be very focused on bringing world-class wholesale products to market. And so, combining that with our go-to-market sales force, we think the combination will be very beneficial.
Andrew Jeffrey: Okay. And with regard to a fourth quarter budget flush, there's lots of moving parts in your numbers. I know that's something that's historically been something to anticipate or think about. Is your guidance sort of suggesting that there isn't a technology spend flush at some of your bigger banks in the fourth quarter this year?
James W. Woodall: No. I don't think that's the case. I think the typical trend that we've seen in terms of fourth quarter will continue. However, the softness in the PS will mute that down, that coupled with currency are going to keep us at that sort of flat level. We will be below what we anticipated in terms of constant currency. But again, I think that's primarily PS related and not associated with capital budget spending, or ultimately flushing capital budgets. So the product business, the underlying business as you've kind of heard most of us, still continues to be relatively robust, or operating effectively. Just seeing some softness in the Professional Services side.
Andrew Jeffrey: Okay. Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. I'd like to summarize by saying that we believe in our business strategy. It's a long-term strategy that has consistently driven year-over-year performance results over the last several years. Our deep focus in investment and financial services is allowing us to lead change in the industry. We offer the solutions and services that are making our clients' businesses run efficiently while at the same time providing them the opportunity to grow and differentiate themselves in an ever more competitive and strenuous regulatory environment. I'd like to thank our clients for their loyalty and the more than 42,000 employees around the world who are committed to serving and empowering those clients each and every day. And I look forward to welcoming the employees of SunGard to our combined companies in a few weeks. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 Eastern Time today through November 17. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 370736. International participants dial 320-365-3844. Those numbers once again are 1-800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 with the access code 370736. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pete Gunnlaugsson - SVP-Corporate Finance & Investor Relations Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. For the conference, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for your questions, instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I'll turn the conference over to Mr. Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead, sir.
Pete Gunnlaugsson - SVP-Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Turning to slide two, Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a business summary. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results for the quarter. Today's news release and supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Please turn to slide three. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. These non-GAAP measures are outlined on slide three as well. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. With that, I will turn the call over to Gary to discuss the second quarter financial highlights on slide five. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Pete, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. Starting on slide five, we finished the quarter with reported revenue of $1.6 billion, which is an increase of 3% on a constant currency basis and delivered adjusted earnings per share of $0.74 while returning $224 million to shareholders. Year-to-date, we have returned $447 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We continue to invest for growth in order to consistently deliver shareholder returns and generate significant reoccurring revenue. We saw strong deal closure in the quarter and continue to drive long-term client relationships. We are pleased with the recent restructuring and re-segmentation of our business, which has allowed us to align our service and solution portfolio to address clients' unique business challenges. As we discussed in the first quarter call, we continue to experience lower than expected termination fees in 2015. This is a positive long-term outcome. Our earnings per share for the second quarter were better than expected and we remain on track with our current guidance for the year. Moving to slide six, I'll speak to our segment activity in the quarter. As a reminder, our two segments were created to meet the demands of two distinct markets driven by different buying behaviors and growth profiles. These segments allow us to more effectively sell, deliver, and support the clients in these distinct markets. The Integrated Financial Solutions segment is comprised of U.S. financial institutions seeking comprehensive, integrated, and outsourced solutions. This segment drives high higher reoccurring revenue, generates significant cash flow and drives higher margins with expansion through increased leverage. Our Global Financial Solutions segment is comprised of large global and international clients seeking tailored solutions leveraging a combination of products, consulting and professional services. This segment typically drives lower margin and has a higher revenue growth profile. In the quarter, IFS had 89% of its revenue recurring. Deal closure in IFS was solid this quarter with many new wins. FIS was chosen by Pacific Western Bank, a $17 billion financial institution, to replace its retail and commercial banking platform including core processing, commercial lending, consumer and business ebanking, digital, mobile, EFT, item processing and branch technology. This decision was driven by the bank's desire to better position itself for future growth. And another long-term agreement, a $70 billion regional bank chose FIS to provide an end-to-end consumer loan servicing solution. This solution better positions the bank to grow and service its lending business. Also UMB, an $18 billion institution, made the decision to partner with FIS on its loan portfolio. Moving for the first time from an internally hosted platform to an FIS-hosted processing model to gain processing efficiencies and more robust lending functionality. Finally, we signed several new digital banking and payments agreements, including one with Centennial Bank, an $8 billion community bank, who was seeking a new strategic technology partner in support of the bank's initiative to upgrade its digital channels including consumer and business ebanking as well as wire automation solutions. All of these wins demonstrate our ability to capitalize on increasing industry demands for solutions that enhance an institution's ability to meet its strategic growth and operational goals. Turning to our Global Financial Solutions segment, revenue increased 8% on a constant currency basis. We continue to invest for growth in this segment and continue to see steady progress in signing long-term deals. Deal closure was solid as we continue to benefit from the demand for our solutions. In Asia, we saw strong growth from continued expansion of our core banking and payments presence across the region. During the quarter, we continued to expand existing relationships as well as sign multiple new engagements resulting in a growth rate of 29% on a constant currency basis for the quarter. In Europe, we continue to see new opportunities in the emerging challenger bank market. In the quarter, FIS became the strategic technology partner for the newly announced Atom Bank, the UK's first digital-only based bank. We also signed another significant agreement with Crédit Agricole, the leader in consumer credit business in the Netherlands, expanding our existing relationship through the addition of real-time core processing capabilities. In North America, a Top 10 U.S. bank signed a multiyear software and services deal to utilize FIS's leading consumer lending product. This continues to solidify our advanced loan system as the leading consumer lending package in large progressive banks throughout the world. Turning to slide seven. I'd like to summarize the quarter before I turn it over Woody for the financial report. We continue to grow revenue and return cash to shareholders. The restructuring and re-segmentation of our business has allowed us to achieve operational efficiencies, leverage our scale globally, and better align our services and solutions to address clients' business challenges. We are confident that our proven execution and deep client relationships will continue to enable us to invest for growth, maintain the strength of our balance sheet, and return value to our shareholders. Woody will now provide details around the Q2 performance. Woody?
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on slide nine with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter. In the second quarter, as expected, we continued to face difficult comparisons. Consolidated revenue was $1.6 billion, an increase of 3% on a constant currency basis. EBITDA was $453 million, and the EBITDA margin was 28.5%. Non-GAAP adjusted net earnings from continuing operations were $211 million for the quarter, and $397 million for the first six months of 2015. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.74 for the second quarter. Our highly recurring revenue model combined with several new wins Gary mentioned earlier helped us make consistent overall results despite the continued low termination fees, increased investment in European capabilities and FX headwinds, particularly in Brazil and Europe. FX translation held back revenue by $63 million for the quarter and EPS by $0.03. Non-GAAP results for the quarter are adjusted to exclude $0.12 per share for acquisition related purchase price amortization, $0.03 per share related to acquisition, integration and severance costs and a $0.25 per share gain related to the previously announced divestiture of our Gaming business. This sale generated $238 million in pre-tax proceeds. We are continuing to provide certain check guarantee services to the buyer and accordingly are not treating this divestiture as a discontinued operation for accounting purposes. I will now continue on slide 10 for second quarter segment results. In the second quarter, Integrated Financial Solutions revenue was $969 million, which was flat to prior year revenue. EBITDA was $378 million, which was also flat to 2014. EBITDA margins were 39%, a slight drop of 20 basis points. This margin decline primarily reflects continued low termination fees, which were $14 million lower than the prior year period. In IFS, year-to-date term fees are lower than 2014 by $42 million. As we've discussed in the past, lower acquisition related term fees have an immediate impact in terms of difficult comparisons, but create longer term value as we retain profitable long-term relationships with our clients. Normalizing the quarter for one-time items including divestiture activities and lower term fees, IFS revenue growth would've been 3.6%, speaking to the strength of the underlying business. Turning to slide 11. As you saw in the first quarter, the IFS business consistently produces strong recurring revenues with diverse offerings to deliver consistent performance within the segment. IFS again produced 89% recurring revenue. Our Payment Solutions revenue was down 3%, this was driven by lower pass-through revenues, divestitures and pricing pressure, partially offset by transaction volume growth. Business Solutions revenue grew 5%, primarily driven by card production activities. Banking Solutions revenue were flat compared to the prior year driven by the difficult comparisons discussed earlier. Turning to slide 12, in the second quarter, Global Financial Solutions' reported revenue was $619 million. The second quarter reported results for GFS reflect a negative foreign currency translation revenue impact of $63 million. The majority of FX translation impact was concentrated in the Brazilian real and euro. On a constant currency basis, GFS revenue grew 8% for the quarter and 8% for the first half of 2015. As anticipated, we continue to see a strong U.S. dollar for the back half of 2015 and FX translation will continue to be a headwind. Global Financial Solutions EBITDA was $123 million compared to $126 million in the prior period. EBITDA was $135 million or 7% higher on a constant currency basis in the second quarter 2015 compared to the prior year period. EBITDA margins were 19.8% compared to 20% in the prior year period. Moving to slide 13. Year-to-date 2015, 70% of GFS revenues were recurring in nature consistent with historical performance. For the second quarter, Asia Pacific had strong revenue growth of 29% on a constant currency basis driven primarily by our expanding core banking and payments presence in India. As Gary described, we are pleased with several new signings, and the ability for the team to expand existing relationships in the region. We expect the Asia-pacific region to continue to be a strong grower for GFS. Europe grew 25% on a constant currency basis, driven primarily by our continued success with the challenger banks in the UK, revenue growth from Clear2Pay, and consulting revenue growth. We also expanded an already meaningful relationship with Crédit Agricole. In the North American region, the GFS revenues were $277 million, compared to $287 million in the prior year period. The primary driver of the change was our previously announced non-renewal of a contract discussed in Q1. As Gary mentioned, the underlying business had some nice wins, including a large deal, in our end-to-end lending solutions. As expected, Latin America revenue growth remains modest due to macroeconomic conditions in Brazil. When we resegmented the company, in the first quarter, corporate functions directly supporting IFS and GFS, were moved into the individual segment results. Residual corporate expenses were $48 million for the quarter. We expect corporate expense to trend down in the back half of the year, as we continue to focus on cost actions to improve profitability. Other income, included a gain on the sale of an investment of $7 million. The effective tax rate was 33.4% for the quarter compared to 30.2% for the prior year quarter. As previously mentioned, the prior year quarter included an approximate $0.04 EPS benefit due to a discrete tax benefit. We continue to reinvest in the business, adjusted cash flow from operations totaled $197 million in the second quarter of 2015. Capital expenditures in the quarter totaled $117 million resulting in free cash flow of $79 million for the quarter. The $117 million in capital expenditure is higher than normal, primarily due to the timing of certain investments. For the year, we expect capital expenditures to be in line with our previous guidance of 5% to 6% of revenue. We still anticipate full-year free cash flow to approximate net earnings. For the quarter, we returned $224 million to shareholders, approximately $150 million was returned to shareholders through the repurchase of 2.3 million shares in the open market at an average cost of $64.36 per share. The share repurchase program resulted in our weighted average diluted share count of 284.4 million. Basic shares outstanding at the end of the period were 280 million, approximately $1.2 billion remain on our existing purchase authorization program. In addition, we returned $74 million to shareholders through dividends. Maintaining a strong balance sheet remains a key component of our capital allocation strategy. As of June 30, debt outstanding was $5 billion, resulting in a leverage ratio of approximately 2.7 times debt to EBITDA. This is slightly above our targeted 2.5 times leverage ratio based primarily on the timing of cash flows. We expect our leverage ratio to be at 2.5 times by the end of the year. The weighted average interest rate was 3% at the end of the quarter. Moving to slide 15, our sales execution in the quarter was a tailwind to our Q2 results, a few of the deals were signed more quickly than originally planned, helping to flatten out our back half of the year growth curve. For the full year 2015, we continue to expect reported revenue growth in the range of 1% to 3%, margin expansion for the full year of approximately 50 basis points, 2015 adjusted earnings per share in a range of $3.27 to $3.37, which is a 6% to 9% increase over 2014, and we expect full-year free cash flow to approximate adjusted net earnings. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Certainly. And first go line with David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. Good morning, Gary and Woody.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, David.
Pete Gunnlaugsson - SVP-Corporate Finance & Investor Relations: Good morning, David.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Could you talk about the drivers of second half revenue in earnings acceleration, clearly given the earnings pre-release back in April, it's a back half weighted year, so maybe if you could address the drivers, and how much visibility do you have in those drivers both in terms of revenue growth and any expense initiatives, that would be helpful?
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. We think about it in four buckets, David, as we've been talking about. Primarily, we've got natural acceleration in the first half versus the second half. If you look over the past four years or so, that's been probably 3% first half versus second half, in terms of accelerated growth. The second would be term fees as we talked about. Term fees in the first half this year were about $42 million lower than last year. We do anticipate more term fees in the back half of the year and have pretty good visibility into them. Reiterating that, low term fees is a good thing for us, long-term. It does create some lumpiness, but it is a good thing for us long-term. The third would be the cost actions. The cost actions that we took in the first quarter, you've seen some of that kick-in, in terms of the margin, in terms of the profitability growth, and we've got more cost levers in the back half if sales execution does doesn't come where we need to be. And then the fourth would be our contract delay that we mentioned in the fourth quarter as it's gotten back on track, you saw some lift in Q2 from it and we believe we'll see further lift in the second half of the year. So those are really the four main drivers, David, and we've got pretty good visibility into them, particularly on the cost lever side.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. That's helpful. Just as a follow-up, within GFS you mentioned 29% growth in Asia-Pacific. Is that primarily the ramp up of the India ATM contract? And if it is, how is that performing relative to your expectations?
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, David, the Indian ATM contract is performing very well. We're very pleased with the team. We're very pleased with the rollout of the ATMs. As volumes continue to grow, that'll continue to be a tailwind for years in the future. But to answer your question, it's a combination of all the above. Frankly, it's the India contract, the team continues to do very well signing new agreements. We announced the signing of Bandhan. They're coming online, so there is just a lot of growth. Mahila continues to grow. We also do some very nice – we've done some nice add-on services to some of our existing clients in Thailand that we've announced around some of the channel operations. So the team is executing very well. So it's really a combination of prior agreements, but it's also a combination of continued strong sales quarter-in and quarter-out in that region.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Quick final question. Big bank progress relative to your expectations when you stepped up investment about a year ago, Gary, where are you relative to your plan?
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think as we mentioned in the first quarter, we've been disappointed with the results of that ramp-up to-date, but I would continue to say we continue to see signs of traction throughout. We announced as I said a Top 10 bank this quarter that pulled our consumer lending platform and that's huge to see a bank in that size transform all their consumer lending. So we see some bright spots in the execution, David. We're going to continue to monitor it. As we said in the first quarter, we took that opportunity when we weren't seeing the product pull through that we necessarily wanted, we restructured the company and actually brought two major divisions together. We've seen some nice synergies come through that and operating efficiencies that Woody pointed to in the back half. But would I tell you we wouldn't do the investment again? No I wouldn't. It's an important market for us, being able to penetrate our product and services in those markets is going be a long-term success criteria at FIS. So, this quarter showed a number of good signs of product pull throughs.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Hey guys, nice job getting back on track here.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Dave.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Dave.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. And I guess my first question you called out, so within IFS, the banking part of that was flattish and you called out the headwinds from term fees, but in Q1 it was up 12% year-over-year and yet some of those same headwinds that might have even been a little bigger, so I guess just wondering why that decelerated so much?
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think what you've got is an anniversering of some acquisition activity, Dave, that we saw benefit the first quarter, that anniversaries into the second quarter. So, that's really what you're seeing in terms of there. The slide 11 that you're looking at is a pure growth number, not necessarily an organic growth number. So, it included the Reliance Trust acquisition and CMSI in the first quarter, you didn't see in Q2.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, no that totally makes sense. And then how soon are we to having all three of those components, and I guess really the underlying question there is when is Payments going to turn positive again, do you have kind of insight into that?
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, well, I mean if you look at it, Dave, frankly, we've gotten a lot of noise going on in Payments, the term fees has hit significantly there in the quarter. We actually have had an accounting change, where Woody mentioned about our pass through revenues, so you've got some gross to net issues going on in there, and you've also got some compression. But, if you normalize all that, we think we'll see Payments can return to a low single-digit growth rate going into next year, and then accelerate beyond that. Also, keep in mind, we also had the divestiture of Gaming that was in that – in that quarter as well, that's in that number.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. So Gaming did have some of a negative impact already in Q2?
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It did.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We closed that June the 1, so you saw a little bit of negative there, again the pass throughs as well, and some level of price compression that we saw there. Now, the positive around this, we were offset by some transaction volume growth...
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yep.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: ...we were happy to see. We had about 2% growth in our overall transaction volume growth, you can see in some of the charting data that we've started to provide.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great, okay, and then just lastly, I know, last quarter, you gave us some context on Q2 given, the Street numbers at the time were a little too high. You didn't really call out Q3, are you basically saying that, the Street is at least, in the ballpark of kind of what you'd expect for Q3 and then Q4?
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, we were really clear on Q2 and Q1 when we came through this year because of just some of the deltas where you guys were versus what we were seeing in the term fees and the impact. We've got a pretty good ramp in the second-half as we've all talked about. But, I think, we're more aligned where our heads are as to what the back half of the year looks like.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Absolutely.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Well nice job, thanks a lot.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right, thanks Dave.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: The next question is from Brett Huff with Stephens. Please, go ahead.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning guys, how are you?
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Brett.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Brett.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Two quick questions. I think you addressed the IFS question, so I won't ask that one. But in terms of margins, I sort of have two questions. One is, the margins are really good, especially given a tough revenue quarter, actually in both segments, so I wonder if you guys could address that and talk about, is that just sort of base incremental margins or is that cost cuts or sort of parse that out for us. And then number two, the second part of that question is, tell us about the incremental margins as we go into 3Q and 4Q, because again that – just addressing that back half ramp and profitability sort of implies really good incremental. So give us some comfort how we're going to see those incrementals pass through.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think, Dave, you did see a couple things in the second quarter. You saw some pull forward of deals into the second quarter. Those were a little higher licensing, which was helpful in terms of the margin profile. You are seeing some of our cost actions start to kick in, that are driving some incremental margin benefit, to answer your first question. To answer your second question, when you look at the back half of the year, a significant component of the back of the year growth is both in term fees, which we talked about, it's going to have very high incremental margins and the majority of the cost actions are driving benefit in the second half of the year. As you heard me talk about trending corporate expenses down as well as and the operations are driving some expense reduction as well. Both of those will help drive margin in the back half of the year, giving us some confidence in that 50 basis points for the full year.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's all I needed. Thank you.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right.
Operator: Our next question is from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Hey, guys. Good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): So – I appreciate the color that you guys gave back half, because that clearly is sort of the elephant in the room with regards to your acceleration. If I just look at normal first half to second half acceleration, I mean typically you guys do 46%, 47% of your revenues of your EPS in the first-half, and this year it looks more like 42%. So that's about a $0.27 gap to $0.27-$0.28 gap to the middle of your range, and I'm kind of wondering, I get $0.08, $0.09 of that from term fees impact, is the remainder of it cost action and what specific cost action are you taking that is going to have that sort of a benefit?
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: You've got two items outside of that, you're right on the natural acceleration. We believe it's there, we do have the term fees that we've talked about; so you've got that captured in correctly. The cost actions we've taken some cost actions in Q1, you saw some further cost actions in Q2, to the extent we don't see the sales execution that we're looking for, we'll potentially take further cost actions. We have other levers within our cost structure.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's right.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That could help us continue to make sure we maintain the profitability guidance, Ashwin, and protect the profitability guidance that we've given the marketplace. So those are the kind of the three big ones. The fourth would be to back to our contract delay. We've got some milestones that we'll meet in the back-half of the year in one of those larger deals that will add some incremental earnings per share as well. You add the four of those together, that is the bridge to the back-half of the year. It is a steep curve, but we are pleased with first, I mean second quarter, as we saw a little bit of the flattening of that curve, as we brought some extra EPS into the quarter.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We've also got a number of key deals, Ashwin, that we've signed as you know, given the nature of our long-term revenue streams and the high reoccurring revenue. Our deals that we sign also take often times a number of months or even greater than a year to onboard and so, you are seeing some of those large deals that we've signed historically that we've talked about come online. You can start seeing that in some of the numbers we've actually disclosed for like IFS, et cetera, where we've got some large core banking deals that have been coming on. So all of those things to Woody's point, the levers that help us control our expense line and profitability line and also just new sales and the on-boarding of prior sales, all give us some confidence going into the back half.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. I guess one thing I don't understand is the term fee. How can you have visibility into term fees? I mean you can't possibly know what contract is going to terminate because of M&A or something like that. So is there a contract of size that, that you've lost or something like that because of M&A, could you provide some color there?
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Actually, some of the term fees, we've already been notified on Ashwin.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Exactly.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: But they are awaiting regulatory approval. So you've got an idea in working with the customer as to when the de-conversion time horizon would be, when you'd actually see them go away. So we do have some visibility into those term fees already. Your point is valid, on others we don't have every dollar lined up or have been notified on every dollar, but we do have pretty good visibility into a large chunk of those based on the conversion timeframe that the customer is looking at.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, as you mentioned, these termination fees are strictly related to financial institutions getting acquired or consolidating. So to Woody's point, we have to be given – we have – we're given notice, because we've got work to do to help them de-convert as they move on to their acquiring platform, which is the typical situation. We've had some situations where it's come the opposite direction that we've discussed on prior calls, but we get some pretty good visibility and typically, this is something that can get modeled pretty easily. What we were surprised by in the first half of the year is that, we didn't get that notification, which as we've said now multiple times that's a great outcome for the company, because we're retaining a very profitable client that's going to be buying more products and services from us.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Understood. One last question on Clear2Pay with regards to that acquisition, if you could provide an update on how that's progressing, what the client feedback is, and what the product roadmap is?
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We've actually gotten some great response through that acquisition. As always, we put forward a very aggressive pro forma around growth as we accelerate it through our sales engine. We also put, always an aggressive target to make sure that we get the synergies necessary as we put – integrate these companies into our company. And I'll tell you we're right on plan on both of those. Pipeline is very strong, good deal closures, quarter-in, quarter-out, response from the clients have been very positive. As we talked about we did that acquisition, one of the things that resonated us most was Clear2Pay, especially with their open payment framework, was the fact that they were already penetrating many of the Tier 1s through a single payment type around the world. And so what the opportunity there is, is you penetrate with a particular payment type, say ACH, and then you come in, and you add wires you add other types through the open payment framework. So we're very pleased with this acquisition at this point. It's integrated very cleanly into the company. GFS has done a good job of accelerating the product growth rate by putting it through our sales engine. So right now, it's still early, but we would say we are very pleased.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just wanted to ask on the – Good morning. I just wanted to ask on the – I think that you said that some deals signed earlier than expected. Is that related to the investments and other things that you're pushing, just curious what maybe drove that and how you feel just in general about accelerating pipeline and backlog conversion?
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, no, it's a good point, it is part of the investment. We feel very good about our deal closure. Year-to-date frankly when we look at total contract value on a new total contract value, we're up 10% over 2014 at this point in time. Frankly, if you adjust it for currency, that's greater than – that grossed around 15%; so we feel very good about it. From that standpoint our pipeline is very strong, and we are opportunistic of the opportunities as I've said on multiple cost, Tien-Tsin. I look for deal flow through our pipeline, you're not going to be able to sign them all, but are we having really good deal churn and are we making sure that our sales teams are refilling that pipeline. And I would tell you we're seeing that. And as I said, the results are showing that we're up year-to-date against this time last year on new sales, and frankly across both groups. So all-in-all we're pleased with the results and pleased with the investment. And we've highlighted a number of those sales, when we bring a sale forward in our prepared remarks, keep in mind these are large multi-million dollar engagements; so the team's doing a nice job.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Good to hear that the big deal activities is very healthy. Just one more for me, just on the, I guess the Other line, just was a little bit bigger, the $11 million, what drove that exactly in the quarter?
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's, if you remember my prepared remarks, we sold a small investment, ended up being about $7 million in there, Tien-Tsin, and that was, the Other is just normal noise in there, but $7 million was a small investment gain.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. Thanks so much, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Darrin Peller with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks again, guys. Listen, I just want to start off with the organic revenue. I mean, you talked about still maintaining your EPS, which again I think is great to see given the ramp needed, and all the one-time items was helpful, but when we look at the guidance you had given initially for the year being I think 5% plus for organic constant currency with all the add backs and moving out, can you just – I didn't hear, if that number was updated or maintained or what. And then I just have some follow-up questions on some of the large deals that you're announcing.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. We would still say that's exactly where we think we're going to land still in that 5% to 7% range, Darrin. Given what we've done to-date and talked about the back half of the year, it may trend towards the lower end of that, but still in that 5% to 7% range. So yeah, I think it's still there.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. That's good to hear. Look, I just want to ask one follow-up, on the large deals you're mentioning, first of all it's good to see a $70 billion and $17 million (sic) [billion] deal. I mean, are there others in the pipeline like that and then I guess the next question is on Crédit Agricol, you mentioned an add-on in terms of new additional opportunities there. Just if you can expand a little bit on – is that an expansion to what you pre-existing had already with them? And then lastly is there anything like another Crédit Agricole or Sainsbury in the pipeline for these large transformational deals that you're doing in the GFS segment.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, to answer to your question on the first part about the multi-billion dollar financial institutions and signing those large deals, are there are others in the pipeline, the answer is yes. I think, what you've seen over the last several years is, we've consistently executed on those. I mean, I will go back to (35:10), I will go back to the Citi announcement. All of these are big engagements with very large multi-engagements, CIT last quarter. So I mean, if you think about it, we continue to sign and close very nice transactions in that size. If you look in GFS, Crédit Agricole is a great example, where we started with consulting engagements, led to a professional services engagement. We're now engaging around the product side. So good growth of the way we think that GFS will head and the way we – the investments we've made. So there is other large deals in the pipeline that we continue to pursue. Of course, we don't sign them all, right, but that goes back to my deal flow comment in the earlier question. So all-in-all, we're pleased with the size of institutions we're signing. We're pleased with – we're starting to see product pull through in the GFS organization and IFS continues to execute very effectively.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right, guys. That's helpful. Thanks a lot.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Thanks, Darrin.
Operator: And our final question will be coming from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys. Just wanted to look at constant currency revenue growth for IFS and GFS going forward in the third quarter and fourth quarter, just some of your expectations there. I think I heard a comment that maybe the third quarter and the fourth quarter would be pretty equal in growth rate profile, so just curious to see how it maps out between the two groups.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I think fourth quarter typically if you map out the path, has a little bit of a higher growth rate as the institutions are working through their capital planning and capital budgeting process. So we do see them flushing some capital budgets in the fourth quarter, that's historic in terms of both IFS and GFS. So you will see a little bit of a ramp there...
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I also would add on that. You always see nice transaction spikes in the fourth quarter due to the holiday season.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's exactly right. And so, you will see a little bit higher in the fourth quarter, but that's more normal trend line if you will there. Beyond that, we don't have a significant other transaction change or volume change that we haven't already discussed in terms of either term fees or sales execution.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And any comments individually for the two segment, IFS and GFS, on what to expect on constant currency for the third and the fourth.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, IFS really has very little if any currency impact in it. So nothing there in terms of that constant currency. And then you can back math where we are, where we're going to be, sort of 5% to 7% in the aggregate for the full year, what we've got through the first half of the year at about 3.2% for the quarter. You can kind of back math it and see what your models say.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So the increase to get to 5% or 5% to 7% from 3% is going to come mostly through GFS or GFS and IFS both accelerate in third quarter and fourth quarters.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It will be some of both because some of the term fees are flowing through IFS. We're getting over some of the comps that we've talked about and then GFS would also have some acceleration of the deals we've talked about signing.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay and then can you size the term fees for us that you're expecting for the second half of 2015?
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, we've kind of outlined, we've talked about full year we thought we'd have about $50 million. In the first half of the year, we've had about $11 million. So very small. So we do anticipate term fees to be much more significant in the back half of the year. And I can't reiterate this enough, I know you guys are looking quarter to quarter. I can't reiterate this enough that lower term fees is a good thing for us long-term. We maintain the customer relationship, we cross sell, we up sell, and we keep the profitability line.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And then just remind us what the term fees were for the second half of last year. Just so we can compare.
James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think the last year it was about $20 million, with a full year 2014 of about $75 million.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: But as we said earlier in another question, you just can't predict when these things are going to happen. So M&A is going to – you know consolidation is going to occur at different times. And so there is always lumpiness around these kind of fees.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks for the color.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right.
Operator: And that will conclude the Q&A session. I'll turn it back to the company for closing remarks.
Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. I'd like to summarize by saying that we continue to deliver revenue growth fueled by significant recurring revenue streams with the industry-leading margins and strong sales results. We're pleased with our recent restructuring and resegmentation of our business, which has allowed us to align our services and solution portfolio to address clients' unique business challenges. In closing, I would like to thank our more than 42,000 employees around the world, who are committed to empowering our clients each and every day. This passion for moving our clients businesses forward to make them successful has earned us the loyalty of over 14,000 institutions across the globe. Together, we are empowering the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Pete Gunnlaugsson - SVP, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI Allison M. Jordan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jim E. Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC Glenn E. Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Peter Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead, sir.
Pete Gunnlaugsson - SVP, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations: Thank you, Christy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to FIS' first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Turning to slide two, Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a summary of our financial performance followed by a market review. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the financial results for the quarter. Today's news release and the supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Please turn to slide three. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. These non-GAAP measures are outlined on slide three as well. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and in the appendix of the supplemental slide presentation. With that, I will turn the call over to Gary to discuss the first quarter financial highlights on slide five. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Pete, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. Starting on slide five, we finished the quarter with an increase in revenue of $1.6 billion, reflecting a 2% reported revenue growth while adjusted earnings per share was down 4% from the prior year quarter. Fundamentally, our Integrated Financial Solutions segment had a solid quarter while our Global Financial Solutions segment was presented with a number of challenges that will continue into Q2. In the quarter, we were negatively impacted in our Global segment by changes in foreign exchange rates, continued slow higher margin product sales, a project delay on a previously announced large scale transformational project, and a large non-bank contract that did not meet our profitability metrics. We also experienced the lowest level of termination fees due to bank consolidation we have seen in the last 11 quarters. While this initially creates some challenges in our IFS segment first half comparisons, overall it translates into a lower client churn and replacement cost. Adjusted for these one-time fees, reported revenue growth would have resulted in 5% top line and 7% bottom line growth in the IFS segment. The combination of all these factors impacted our Q1 results and prompted the change in guidance for the quarter and the full year which we announced on April 9. Consistent with our growth strategy and in line with me becoming CEO, we have resegmented the company to give greater transparency around the drivers for FIS as well as highlight the potential value for expansion due to the two diverse businesses that we currently operate. These two segments are the Integrated Financial Solutions segment, which focuses primarily on regional and community-based financial institutions in the United States, and Global Financial Solutions segment, which serves global and international financial institutions. We will continue to leverage our technology investment and scale across both market segments while we capitalize on growth opportunities created by the fundamentally different needs and buying patterns of each of these respective markets. This segmentation will also enable more accurate comparison of these segments against the unique competitors in their respective markets to drive overall long-term shareholder value. Next, I'll define the business conditions and strategy for each segment as well as provide business insight on their performance in the quarter. Woody will provide some additional insight into the financial performance of these segments for the quarter as well as additional metrics we're now reporting. Turning to slide 6, served by our new Integrated Financial Solutions segment, U.S.-based regional and community institutions traditionally buy end-to-end integrated and outsourced solutions. These institutions value partners that offer a total solution package and on an outsourced basis, invest in new ways that allow them to more effectively compete with the largest global money center banks. Due to continued bank consolidations, this is a slower growing but solid market segment where FIS can leverage its scale and solution integration to generate attractive margins and to drive a significant highly recurring revenue base. The fundamentals of IFS segment are strong. They had a good first quarter when looking beyond the lower term fees that will continue into Q2 but improve in the back half of the year. As banks continue to move beyond the increased burden of regulatory environment and economic recovery, we should see continued increase in investment decisions which should also increase reported revenue growth in the back half of the year. From a sales standpoint for IFS, we closed a number of long-term outsourcing deals including a large multi-billion dollar bank that is utilizing our core digital banking and item processing capabilities, demonstrating our continued ability to deliver a comprehensive outsourced solution. Wealth management also continues to perform well for the company. As an example, we signed a new long-term agreement with Argent Financial. This win combines our trust platform solution with a full suite of outsourced back office services. This agreement was just one of our wealth wins this quarter and a solid proof of how last year's acquisition of Reliance Trust is creating new wealth management opportunities. These types of successes coupled with others within our Integrated Financial Solutions segment have allowed a year-over-year increase in new contract value sales for five consecutive quarters. Additionally, we just completed one of our largest client conferences, hosting record client and prospect attendants. Feedback and client engagement was extremely positive with strong opportunities being generated as a result. Turning to the Global Financial Solutions segment, these clients have a greater demand for outcome-based intellectual property-led services and an increased willingness to outsource solutions and services to drive cost reductions and transformation. They have a strong desire to innovate, particularly in the consumer-oriented channels, and value partners that have the agility to develop and bring solutions to market at scale and across geographic boundaries. This is a higher growth market where we generate lower margins due to the high mix of professional services including consulting, IT integration and business process outsourcing. Over the last four quarters, our higher margin product sales in our GFI market have not met our expectations. Meanwhile, our consulting business and our intellectual property-led reoccurring services continue to accelerate, causing us a mix problem with regards to revenue and profits. Based on these results and as Woody and I have discussed on prior calls, we are restructuring our two former divisions of Global Financial Institutions and International Financial Institutions. As part of this restructuring, we also have moved all appropriate products and product sales that serve global requirements into our GFS segment. In making these adjustments we expect margin expansion to occur over time in this segment as we gain scale and continue to rationalize our operations. The restructuring of these two significant divisions will continue in Q2. These adjustments as well as a resolution to a number of the prior mentioned headwinds for this segment will accelerate our revenue and profit growth in the back half of the year. Despite these challenges we did see a number of very nice wins in the quarter. We saw significant increases in our consulting business in Europe and North America and are in final negotiations on a number of key outsourcing transactions. Asia continues to be a strong market with rapid growth. We extended that success with the recently signed engagement with Karnataka Bank to deliver an entirely new eLobby self-service channel. In addition, we continue our success in the auto finance market, signing a significant outsourcing agreement with the financial subsidiary of a top automobile manufacturer in North America. Turning to slide seven, I'd like to summarize the quarter before I turn it over to Woody for the financial report by saying Q1 was clearly a more challenging quarter than expected for FIS. We continued to grow revenue and return cash to shareholders, demonstrating the consistency of our business model, but we did not achieve the results we had expected. The restructuring and resegmentation of our business enables us to achieve operational efficiencies and better combat timing and revenue mix changes that occur with large complex deals such as in our GFS segment. Our new segmentation model better aligns our service and solution sets to clients bearing requirements and enables us to leverage FIS' scale to more effectively propel our clients' business forward. We are confident that our business model, proven execution and deep client relationships will continue to enable us to drive profitable growth, maintain the strength of our balance sheet and return value to our shareholders. Woody will now provide details around our Q1 performance. Woody?
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Gary. I will begin on slide nine with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter. The first quarter consolidated revenue increased 2% on a reported basis and 5% on a constant currency basis to $1.6 billion. EBITDA was $425 million, a decline of 5% from the prior year period, with EBITDA margin declining 190 basis points to 27.4% compared to 29.3% in the prior year. Non-GAAP adjusted net earnings from continuing operations decreased to $186 million from $199 million and adjusted earnings per share was $0.65 per share compared to $0.68 per share in the prior-year period. Our results for the quarter reflect the negative impacts from lower termination fees, increased investment in our European capabilities and a scope modification delay of a significant project which adversely impacted the quarter. In addition, the quarter was negatively impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Non-GAAP results for the quarter are adjusted to exclude $0.12 per share for acquisition-related purchase price amortization, $0.10 per share related to the global restructuring activities and $0.03 per share related to acquisition, integration and severance costs. The global restructuring charge is a result of our resegmentation and alignment of resources in our Global Financial Solutions segment. The activities relate primarily to Europe and are a combination of optimizing onshore and offshore resources as well as the removal of overlapping management resources. As Gary mentioned, we resegmented the business into two new reportable segments, the Integrated Financial Solutions segment and the Global Financial Solutions segment. We're also providing additional financial and operating metrics which we believe provide greater visibility and transparency into each segment and the key drivers we monitor to operate the business. This resegmentation provides flexibility and more clearly differentiates the market dynamics and gives better comparisons of our results to our competitors. I will now continue on slide 10 for the first quarter segment results. In the first quarter, Integrated Financial Solutions revenue grew 2% on a reported basis to $969 million. Termination fees were $28 million lower compared to the prior year period. Integrated Financial Solutions EBITDA for the quarter decreased 1% to $379 million. EBITDA margin was 39.1%, down from 40.2% in the prior year period, primarily reflecting lower termination fees. Turning to slide 11, you'll see new details on revenue contribution and growth from banking, business and payment solutions, and revenue composition for the period. We're also providing metrics regarding outsourced accounts processed and transaction volumes, both which are key metrics underlying the recurring revenue of the business. For the first quarter, this segment had 89% recurring revenue. Banking solutions grew 12%, driven by our acquisition of Reliance Trust and cross-selling and upselling new products into our existing clients. Business solutions grew 4%, primarily driven by card production. Our payment solutions revenue was down 4%, primarily driven by a termination fee headwind from the prior year period. Turning to slide 12, in the first quarter, Global Financial Solutions revenue increased 1% on a reported basis to $587 million. The reported results for GFS reflect a negative foreign currency translation revenue impact of $45 million for the quarter and the previously announced non-renewal of a non-bank contract. On a constant currency basis, Global revenue grew 8%. Global Financial Solutions EBITDA decreased 14% to $90 million. EBITDA margins were 15.4% These results were adversely impacted by foreign currency exchange rates, the project delay, investment in expanding capabilities in the UK, lower than expected product sales and a heavier mix of services revenue which was partially offset by cost actions and lower incentives for the quarter. Moving to slide 13, you will see our reporting metrics for Global Financial Solutions. We are including revenue growth by region in constant currency. For the quarter, Asia Pacific had strong growth of 45% driven primarily by the India ATM and our expanding core banking presence in India. Europe grew 16%, driven primarily by Clear2Pay and Capco consulting. In North America, product sales and information technology outsourcing was slower than anticipated and, as expected, Latin America revenue growth remained slower due to macroeconomic conditions. We are also disclosing the revenue composition for the segment, 73% of GFS revenue is recurring in nature. The bottom half of the slide provides revenue by currency and our consulting and services head count. The largest global and international banks, the target market of the GFS segment, continue to focus their spending on services and consulting. This drives strong revenue growth but creates margin headwind with the change in revenue mix. As disclosed in the 8-K filed a few weeks ago, corporate expenses directly related to supporting the segments, such as sales, finance and human resources, are now reflected in the segment results. For the quarter, corporate expenses not attributable to directly to the segments were $44 million. Please refer appendix material in the presentation for more information on the businesses and products for both segments. Moving to slide 14, we continue to reinvest in our business. Adjusted cash flow from operations totaled $315 million for the first quarter of 2015. Capital expenditures in the quarter totaled $101 million. We delivered free cash flow of $214 million for the quarter. These results are consistent with our previous guidance of free cash flow conversion to approximate adjusted net earnings. For the quarter, we returned $223 million to shareholders. $150 was returned to shareholders through the repurchase of 2.2 million shares in the open market at an average cost of about $68 per share. The share repurchase program drove a 2% decrease in our weighted average diluted share count to 286.8 million. We returned $73 million to shareholders through dividends. As of March 31st, debt outstanding was $5.2 billion, resulting in a leverage ratio of 2.7 times debt-to-EBITDA. The weighted average interest rate was 3% at the end of the quarter. Moving on to slide 15, on April 9th, we adjusted our outlook for the full year. There were a number of moving parts to that change and I want to walk you through each one. First, M&A activity creates a tailwind to reported growth of approximately 2%. This is comprised of the 3% tailwind from acquisitions, primarily Clear2Pay and Reliance Trust, and 1% headwind from divestitures, primarily the Certegy Gaming business. Second, we announced the non-renewal of a contract which created a 1% headwind to reported growth. This contract was not with a financial institution and had minimal profitability. Third, we had a project delay in Europe and high margin global product sales are not materializing as we anticipated, creating another 1% of headwind. Since providing our initial guidance on February 5th, we have continued to see pressure from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. This further decline of non-dollar currencies is expected to impact our full year reported growth by 4% or an additional 2% adverse change from our February guidance. We now expect reported revenue growth of 1% to 3%. Moving to slide 16. In an effort to help with quarterly modeling of our full-year outlook, I will add some color on the second quarter and full year. The second quarter of 2015 will continue to see headwinds and difficult comparisons. The prior-year quarter included benefits of approximately $0.09 from termination fees and a discrete tax benefit. We do not expect to see similar benefits again in the second quarter of 2015. Foreign currency exchange rate headwinds and the project delay will also adversely impact the second quarter. Our restructuring efforts to address the shift in GFS sales mix will benefit the third and fourth quarters more heavily. Based on these factors, we are now expecting second quarter adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.67 to $0.73 per diluted share. As discussed, the first half of the year is challenging. The second half of 2015 will drive more earnings per share as we anniversary difficult comparisons and see the impacts of cost actions taken. Further, we expect the project delay issue to be behind us. For the remainder of 2015, we expect reported revenue growth in the range of 1% to 3%. We expect margin expansion to continue into 2015 and will now be about 50 basis points. We expect 2015 adjusted earnings per share in a range of $3.27 to $3.37, which is a 6% to 9% increase over 2014. This will be more heavily weighted in the second half of the year based on the items described above. And we expect free cash flow to approximate adjusted net earnings. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go directly to the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Hey, guys. Thanks for all the new disclosures. That's great.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dave.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): I noticed a couple of things in there. It looked like core accounts, so core banking accounts have been trending a little bit lower the last few quarters and also ITO, BPO head count has been trending down a bit. Those are new disclosures, maybe you could just talk through those?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, let me give you a little color on that, it's kind of two things going on. As we talked about in the Integrated Financial Solutions segment, we continue to see a lot of consolidation and acquisition in that space. As you are very aware, in the U.S., that continues to be a consistent trend. So the sales team is doing a very nice job of selling through that and maintaining kind of consistent account volumes and that is contributing to our slower growth in that segment. You do see one big drop which is really an interesting anomaly. We had a very large bank that actually had an in-house developed system, one of the only ones I can think of that's happened like this in the last three or four years, and they actually migrated in-house on their in-house developed system. It was a simple product offering. We extended a real robust services engagement from them, so that's the anomaly you see in the drop there. When you go on to the ITO and BPO resources, frankly that's all Brazil. As Woody mentioned, we've got some serious macroeconomic issues in Brazil. It's really growing slow and as transaction volumes come down, you'd expect your call center agents to come down as well. So that's what's going on in that grouping.
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The other area you're seeing in the first quarter around the ITO, BPO head count would be associated with the non-renewal of the contract, too, Dave.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, good point.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got you. Okay, that makes sense. And then historically there has been quite a bit of seasonality in the second half of the year is always better than the first. But this year, obviously, it's a lot more than usual and requires almost $1 of EPS in each of the final two quarters. Is some of that going to be a new type of phenomenon? I guess, how do you get there? And is there anything one-off in the second half this year? I know last year there was some one-off stuff in the first half. This year, is there going to be some one-time benefits in the second half?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think you've got a combination of items, Dave. To your first point, you definitely see more growth in the second half of our business than we do the first half. That has been a normal growing occurrence over the past several years and you can model something around that. The second will be really around getting out from one the difficult comparisons where we've had term fees as a giant headwind in the first half of the year. We're actually seeing a little bit of tailwind in the back half of the year in terms of term fees year-over-year. The second would be getting the benefit of the cost actions that we're taking more in the third quarter and the fourth quarter and getting the project delay behind us. So, a combination of those items, we'll see a definite swing in the back half of the year compared to the first half of the year
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just final quick one. Your share count basically the last two quarters has been pretty stable. I know you've bought back quite a bit of stock. Just wondering why we haven't really seen the share count go down much?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think you've seen a couple of things. One, you've seen us buying back shares but you've seen the growth in the stock price over the past several quarters that's taking the diluted share count up a little bit associated with it. So you've got a combination of the two of those areas as well. Stock compensation is up slightly year-over-year. So we're seeing a little bit of that. But that's the big change, Dave, more than anything else.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning, Gary and Woody.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, David.
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, David.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Gary, what gives you the conviction that the actions you've taken in the first quarter are sufficient to put FIS back on a more consistent growth track? And I'm sort of asking the question looking beyond the second half. I recognize second half you have some easier comparisons but obviously major restructuring actions. So, maybe just fleshing out your thinking and what's behind your getting back on a growth trajectory?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, David, it's a great question. One of the things we've looked at in the global market very consistently as we've gone to that and we've disclosed to the market as well is we felt that there was an opportunity to pull more higher margin product sales into that business. As you see in what we disclosed this quarter, I think it was 2% was software license. What we continue to see over the last four quarters is we continue to see some of our license engagement slide from quarter-to-quarter. We're not seeing other people win those but we're also seeing them getting converted to complex services engagements where we leverage our software. But frankly, it goes into either our outsourcing which you're actually seeing a ramp-up in Europe around our banking utility we're building out. And so, after four quarters of this consistently, we decided to actually take our former product division, which was IFI, and we took our former services division, GFI, and are putting those together. So, we're getting a lot of opportunity of moving some resources from very expensive countries to offshore. As you know that's been a consistent strategy for us for years. We've also gotten some synergies in management. We've also gotten some synergies in go-to-market. So, you can tell by the severance costs, granted they're skewed because some of the countries that we had the resources in, but we had a lot of synergies between those two divisions. And that's going to continue through Q2 as we build out the go-to-market. We also, as I mentioned in my script, there is a number of large outsourcing engagements we're in the final negotiation stage of as well. So that makes us feel confident that the services concept. So if you see in what we've disclosed, you'll see our intellectual property-led services consistently growing quarter-over-quarter and you'll see our software sales is a very small amount. So these two trends over the last year has allowed us to bring these things together. So we think we've made the necessary actions. We feel confident with the pipeline and all of the services led opportunities that we have in the pipeline and we're in final negotiations on a number of them.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. And then just shifting over to the GFI business, you announced a large investment in GFI, about $30 million at the beginning of last year. It sounds like that hasn't gotten the traction that you were expecting. Where do you stand right now with the large GFI initiative and the build-out of the those sales teams?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it actually has gotten traction. It's just gotten traction in more complex services and transformation. It really can be attributed to as you are seeing that growth occur. So they continue to drag and penetrate very nicely in those global institutions with some large transformational outsourcing deals. One of the things that's also interesting is a lot of that's leading into long-term contracts. So it's not a classic services business where you're having the book and build on a very short timeframe. We're getting a lot of long term. So that actually is gaining very nice traction. The issue for us is just the elimination of really the software license as a material component of that business. That was something that we saw transitioning after 2008 but, frankly, it just – for whatever reason, as the market continues to evolve that type of business is not coming back. And now those clients are really looking for ways that we can leverage our talent, drive their cost down, and use our intellectual property to drive a different outcome for them. So really that GFI investment has done well. We did, as I just mentioned, though, as we went through the restructuring and we put these two groups together, we were able to get some efficiencies in some of our go-to-market overlap as well. So, long-term, it's going to be a good outcome for this group.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Are you seeing the traction with the EMV card manufacturing that you expected at this point in the year?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: We actually are. If you turn to the IFS section, one of the things you're going to see is a line item that shows 4% growth, if memory serves. And that's primarily our card production EMV. We're seeing a nice ramp-up over that. We've disclosed a number of big wins. And so that volume continues to grow. While it's still small volume relative to our overall volume of cards we produce, we produced millions of EMV cards this past quarter.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: I see. Just a quick final question on FX, Woody. It looks like you had a 3 percentage point FX headwind to revenue in the first quarter. You're calling out a 4 point headwind for the year. But a number of your international currencies, particularly the pound, have strengthened significantly versus the dollar in the last month. Is that 4 point headwind just including some element of conservatism or do you really think 4 points is the right number given current spot rates?
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think it's difficult with the volatility going on in the currencies that we are in right now. As you know, we updated our guidance on April the 9th, and I think you have seen some level of improvement in the currencies since April 9 even, David, to your point. But I would tell you that we think 4% is close to where we think we'll be for the full year. If the dollar weakens a little bit against these currencies, obviously it wouldn't have as big of an impact. Very difficult right now to try to figure out exactly where currencies may land. If you look at the euro and the real, for example, I think they're down or have depreciated about 18% compared to this time last year. But you're right, if we see some improvement in currencies compared to the U.S dollar, that 4% headwind may not be as big but that's where we got it to at the time it updated and that's where we're at for the moment.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. Thank you very much.
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, David.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of George Mihalos with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison M. Jordan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. This is Allison in for George. I have a question on the IFS segment, the 2% growth that you saw this quarter, how do you think about the longer term revenue target there and how long do you think it takes to get back there?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Allison, we're going to go into a lot of that on Monday in our investor update but clearly the biggest headwind this group has is just consolidation in the industry, right? I mean we continue to see acquisitions occur through the various different asset ranges within the space. Depending on what that continues to do, that will actually turn into a nice tailwind for IFS. But certainly we think long term, given our position, given our dominance in outsourcing in a number of the key markets, it's certainly a mid single-digit grower for us. You see the margins that we generate out of that. Frankly, when you start really breaking out that group and comparing it to some of its competitors, you're going to see that the margin contribution given the outsourced nature of the business is going to be superior to a lot of the competitors. So, it's a very strong fundamental business and we would expect that growth over the long-term would accelerate back into the mid single-digits which is, frankly as I said, on adjusted basis if term fees didn't exist, that grow over, that's exactly where we would have been this quarter which is right about 5% and 7% on the EBITDA line. So, we would have gotten margin expansion and good md single-digit growth. So it's really just the nature of how the acquisitions hit at any given point in time in that business. But fundamentally, it's a strong business and should continue to operate in that mid single-digit range.
Allison M. Jordan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great, thanks for that color. And then just shifting gears a little bit, on the M&A front, how are you thinking about opportunities domestically versus internationally?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think there are some opportunities. Certainly, you see the last big one we did was Clear2Pay. That's going exceptionally well for us in Europe and in other areas. We're always going to look for the right opportunity. We want to find something that gives our markets or our businesses an opportunity to accelerate growth and return value to our shareholders. Frankly, there's still probably too much supply in some of the markets that we're operating in. So if we can find a transaction that would make sense, we would certainly evaluate it. But like always, we've got to make sure that it makes sense for our shareholders.
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I could tell you, Allison, that the international opportunities have definitely looked a little more robust right now, given the strength of the dollar, coupled with we've got a lot of offshore cash right now, so.
Allison M. Jordan - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks for the color, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now go to the line of Brett Huff with Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning, Gary, Woody and Pete.
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Brett.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: On the project delay, can you give us more detail on that? And I ask that in the context of your commentary that the GFI business has more of these big complex services deals, so what comfort can we get that that delay is unique or was there something that we had to fix in our project approach or can you just give us some thoughts on that?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Brett, we're looking at right now about a 3-month total, 2.5-month 3-month total delay. Frankly, it was impacted by two things. One, it is a very large transformational project and we're bringing this financial institution out of a very old legacy environment. So they have some issues on their side as well that actually added to the delay. We also kind of had a perfect storm there. We've had a lot of success in that region with the challenger bank. So that ended up having us build out scope to build out a much larger banking utility given some of that success. So I think it's the combination of those two things. As you know, I've been with the company 27 years. We've had project delays before. Any big company that would tell you they haven't had a project delay is not being accurate. But the reality is this one kind of caught us from those couple of angles. We definitely have made some changes in our program management function. Obviously, as we build out these capabilities in Europe, we got to make sure that we have the talent that's applied to these projects to make sure they have high success. But am I overly concerned about the project delay? I'm not. I think the team is very focused and when I look at not only the sales success we've had to-date and we've announced some of those, but when I look at the contracts that we're actively negotiating, I feel very confident that the whole banking utility is going to be a very successful business for FIS going forward.
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Brett, if you think about sort of the financial impact in terms of what it is to the total contract. To the total contract, this delay is insignificant to a several hundred million dollar contract, but it did impact our quarter.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then my second question is, Woody, you mentioned that you think that there's 50 basis points of margin expansion this year even with some of the changes. And I know there's some of the cost overruns but I also know you're taking some costs out of the business. But as we look further out, one of the key questions that I think a lot of folks were wondering about last year, as the GFI business grows faster and it's lower margin, can we still expect a 50 basis points type expansion over the medium-term or long-term given this what looks to be a fairly permanent mix shift?
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think we're going to talk more about that on Monday in terms of the details behind it, Brett. But you're exactly right. I think you've got very good margin expansion capabilities in the IFS segment and it will continue as we consolidate data centers, as we sell into leverage platforms, as we continue to drive that business as we always have. The GFS business, it does create some challenges in the short run and potentially longer-term, but we do expect margins to expand as you get more of those services growing and you get more of scale in the areas that we're serving associated with that. But it's a challenge that we're going to continue to monitor and work through.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's what we needed. Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darrin Peller, Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, guys. It looks like you've shifted over the past couple of years to a company that's now adding contracts that are three, four, even five times the size of your average contracts in the past. And I think some of this is – these transitions we're seeing or delays on a big contract may be understandable given what kind of a transition comes with these adjustments. But when we consider constant currency growth guidance, you're still starting with a year for 5% to 7%, or even if you start with the low end of that. Is the pipeline that you guys talked about earlier have contracts that are big enough kind of like the same Sainsbury's and the Crédit Agricoles to enable potential acceleration in revenue growth in 2016? I mean, I know we're not guiding yet but I just wonder if the pipeline is big enough now or are the sales times on these things going to be much longer?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Darrin. It's a great question. You're exactly right. We really have in our global business seen a massive expansion in the size of our contracts. We've highlighted those on a number of our calls. And as you said, as you're dealing with the these larger and larger agreements you can run into some of these things. Let's get to your question about pipeline, the quick answer is yes. I mean the pipeline is very supportive. We've got a number of large transformational opportunities that we're actively negotiating and so we see good line of sight that we can continue to that growth in these large transformational engagements. Capco has been just an unbelievable acquisition for us. It's been over five years but if you look at the growth in the consulting engagement and you look at how that's augmented into our IP-led services and we give that transparency, you can also see we have good pipeline supporting that. We'll see that continue.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. I mean maybe we can talk about this more at the Investor Day but is there any other fundamental reason why 2016 wouldn't be able to be at or above this year's constant currency 5% to 7% kind of range?
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, again, not going guide on 2016 yet after the first quarter of 2015 but we're going to give some outlook, a multi-year outlook, on Monday, Darrin, as to what drivers are in these businesses and what the growth characteristics should look like in both of these businesses.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, and then just lastly, I mean you had a couple of moving parts you mentioned around the deals and the addbacks and take-out. The term fees, just so we understand, that was what, about a 50 basis point headwind on this year's growth rate versus last year? Is that right in terms of my math?
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think it was little bigger than that, it was $28 million associated.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, so okay, so absent that in terms of normalized, your growth rate would have been about – a little over that higher?
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's helpful. All right. I'll leave the rest for the Investor Day. Thanks a lot, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Darrin
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim E. Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could maybe address the pricing environment for a moment, and give us a little bit detail around what let to the non-renewal of that client contract and whether you're seeing that for other customers in the non-financial segment or even in the international segment in the financial part?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Jim, two parts to that question. Let's get to the first one on the non-renewal. Frankly, this was an IT data center engagement and it was a very low margin contract. The client wanted to have a reduction that was even lower that would make actually the agreement non-profitable. It's just not a strategic business for us. So we just chose not to renew it. And as I said, it wasn't in the financial services industry whatsoever because we're just not going to provide service at those kind of margins for our company and our shareholders. If you start getting into financial institutions, as I mentioned to an earlier question, we do continue to see a lot of competition or perhaps even an oversupply in what I would say the traditional U.S. business, right, what we're now calling the Integrated Financial Solutions segment. So pricing is always going to be an issue, especially when you've got what I would call a monoline player. So you've got a single product offering in the market or in that customer, some of the pricing characteristics of that can be disproportionate. You can also see opportunities where larger scale competitors of ours that will have a broader solution. As they try to move upmarket, you can also see some aggressiveness around price. When we get over in the global marketplace, it's a little different. You're really – in those large transformational projects, there's always going to be an element of cost saves involved in those. That would be one of the reasons why a large global institution would not only outsource because on some intellectual property and the capability that we have, but they're looking for ways that through our best practices we can drive those costs now. But we don't see as much aggression from some of the other providers because it's more of a long-term project base type approach on those.
Jim E. Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, if you look ahead to the EMV liability shift in October this year and you consider your NYCE network, do you see any potential share gains or any market share shifts at all because of the Durbin compliance changes that some retailers might decide to implement?
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You know, our NYCE business continues to perform very well. I mean, we've been pleased with its performance so far. Is the team modeling a big increase for the back half of the year in that, no. I think it's been fairly consistent, but it has performed very well and they continue to grow their share.
Jim E. Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just a couple questions on the, just first on I guess Brazil and Bradesco. I know there has been a lot of news flow there, Itaú with its network deal and MasterCard and GDP slowing some regulation changes. Any update on the Bradesco JV and its current state and any opportunity to add more partners there?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know we have actually added some partners over the last several years. Bradesco, as you know, just continues to be the dominant client in that JV. We've got a number of years left on that contract. I mean Bradesco is very pleased with the service we're providing. We wish the macroeconomic issues were a little more favorable in Brazil but we're still very committed to the JV and things are going well there.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, good. And then on Jim's prior question, just the non-bank outsourcing book itself, how big is that today for FIS?
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's less than 5% revenue, sort of those IT outsourcing or IT infrastructure outsourcing, is less tan 5%, Tien-Tsin, and even smaller on the EBITDA side.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Perfect, okay. That's good. Last one from me, just I know there has been some consolidation in the baking space, surprised we haven't seen more actually but any of the announced deals have implications for FIS and should we expect more term fees just from a bit higher level standpoint? It seems like maybe that's a fair assumption to include.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you know, it's interesting. For the last three years, we've actually seen a steady decline in our term fees for three consecutive years. We would actually tell you the number, the percentage of acquisitions increased to the highest we've seen last year. A lot of those acquisitions are occurring in lower asset size institutions where we don't have as much penetration. Of course, when one of our large guys is acquired, it overdrives in a dollar amount, so our term fees can be quite large. There are a number of large combinations that have been announced. We would go back to the Umpqua Sterling, that's been a very successful situation where Sterling was on FIS, Umpqua was on a competitor. They chose to stay with FIS and we have successfully converted that client now onto all the FIS systems, so that's a very successful conversion. And there's going to be some other announcements coming where we've had a couple of combinations in a similar vein of Umpqua Sterling that FIS also was selected. So we're pleased as we get in the large bank market, given our size and scope and scale in those markets, we continue to have a lot of success growing that business.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right, great, thanks for the update. See you next week.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tien-Tsin.
Operator: And we'll now go to the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Glenn E. Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks, good morning, a few question. I guess the first one maybe if you could help us quantify the cost savings from the restructuring so we get a little bit more comfortable with the implied margin parameters going into the back half. I think David Koning referenced like the dollar EPS per quarter in the back half and our math was similar but wanted to get more comfortable on the margin implications?
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I think you've got a couple things there. One, you've got a charge associated with it of about $44 million, a good bit of that is in Europe where you've got a higher level of severance, if you will, associated with removing head count. The vast majority of that will be in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, Glenn, and we're looking at in the range of probably 70% of our savings in the third quarter and the fourth quarter this year compared to the charge. So you definitely will see benefits there. Some of those benefits will flow through and anniversary into 2016 as well but most of it is going to hit the third quarter and the fourth quarter in terms of benefit as we transition and onshore offshore some of those resources. And then obviously, the pure management overlaps will take place a little faster than that.
Glenn E. Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Could you put a dollar amount on the savings, though?
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We haven't put an exact dollar amount on it but you know, I'm thinking probably $25 million third, fourth quarter combined is probably what you're looking at.
Glenn E. Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): And then I haven't done the math precisely but it almost implies like a 33% or so EBITDA margin exiting the year so? Maybe the sliver lining here is 1Q and 2Q don't look great but you exit the year at a really nice profitability level. Is that a good baseline to be – first of all, am I right on that math and then is that a good baseline going into fiscal 2016?
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well I think you'll see some benefits from the costs actions specifically. I think you'll see some benefits from term fees in the second half versus first half. I'm not sure that's the proper baseline because you're getting some benefit out of the term fees in the second half just like you're getting some detriment in the first half, but we do anticipate continuing to see some level of margin expansion through 2015 and then further into 2016.
Glenn E. Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): And then the product sales weakness, are you sort of talking about license deals or is this somewhat related to the project delay, or is this just a question of timing on this.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Glenn, it's definitely more license fee in nature. If you see, I mean we only had 2% license fees in the quarter. This business used to be a heavy license business and certainly we thought that would recover give our engagements but we continue to see our license fees slide from quarter to quarter. There's just lot of softness whereas our services stuff just consistently ramps up. So we're not sure that this market is ever going to return to really big license model again and we thought it would. I mean, it used to be a heavy license model historically but which is good for us long term, it builds our reoccurring revenue base. It allows it to be much more predictable in the long term and then, with that scale, you'll see steady margin recovery.
Glenn E. Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. Thanks.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: We will now go to Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): So I guess the first question is obviously you have a presence in all various different parts of the market but clearly you've done better in the mid sized regional and larger contracts. So now with the new breakout with IFS, should we look for – when you look at the market like that and who competes in that market, should we look for more of a push towards the lower end, credit union, community banks, or is that not appropriate?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think so Ashwin, if you look at where we do very well in that market, we don't do a lot in credit unions. We do in the payment space but most of our focus in that market would be larger community banks. So I would draw in the greater than $1 billion, we might go down to greater than $500 million. But when you really get in the small end, a lot of our competitors, they have very nice share down in the smaller end of that market. And, frankly, a lot of the consolidation, at least number of units, is occurring down on that low end. So we'll talk a lot about that on Monday but basically what you're seeing is actually the mid tier is actually growing -- that greater than $1 billion – because we've got clients that are trying to get the scale to deal with the regulatory change and, frankly, the complexity of all the technology that's being rolled out and that's playing really to FIS' strength long term. We definitely will have some lumpiness due to term fees because when have a large multi-billion dollar bank get acquired, typically the term fees can be a very large number as you see evidenced by this quarter. But when you look at that greater $1 billion space, we continue to gain share in that market. We continue to see evidence when really two large institutions combine together that they look to FIS to outsource to. And so all of that is going to be positive trends for IFS long term but you won't hear on Monday that part of our strategy is to push deeper in the lower end of the community bank market or, frankly, in the low end of the credit union market. We will certainly continue to be opportunistic there. We've got a number of customers there. We're going to serve them just as well as we serve any of them. But there's just – that's were most of the churn is occurring as we see it.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, thank you for that. Moving to the GFS side, clearly more traction there but you have been talking of larger deals for a year and half, two years now at least, if not slightly longer. The question is do you have the ability to support the higher growth that's coming down the funnel both in terms of people and in terms of IP or do you need to continue making further investments whether they are organic or through M&A, if you could comment on that?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know, I think one of the things you're going to see with the new transparency and hopefully you guys are going to enjoy this level of detail, but you're certainly seeing as we grow these complex projects, we've got to hire people, right. So competition for talent is going to always be something that we're going to have deal with. I think we've proven that over the last two years we've really signed some very nice agreements and we've been able to deliver on those. And we've seen the revenue and profit growth associated with those services. When you get to investments, to Woody's point, there are some good opportunities outside the U.S. for acquisition. The Clear2Pay acquisition has been a good one for us. That's a great example where they had some great IT capabilities around payment hub technology already in the money center banks but once again heavily services oriented around the deployment of that. So we'll continue to look at those opportunities. We also are continuing to invest in intellectual property for that market. We've seen a lot of engagements with some of our largest clients where we'll come in and do a specific build leveraging some of our components but then customizing it their benefit, once again through a services engagement. But you are right, I mean, as we grow that business, the recruitment of talent is going to continue to be an important issue for us to monitor. I'll tell you, I mean, our consulting group Capco is really a desirable place if you want to be in the consulting field in financial services to join. So we're able to recruit very well in that space from a lot of the larger providers. And traditionally, as you see, we've been able to ramp up our IP-led services as well, but we're going to continue to monitor that.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, and one last question, if I may, the higher sales costs which, I guess, clearly you have to go after an opportunity when you see it, but there's also what opportunities do you go after versus you say no to. And last year you guys made a pretty big investment in going after larger relationships. Could you sort of provide an update and maybe Monday is the right place to do this as opposed to right now, but can you provide us an update with regards to when do you say yes versus when do you say no, what are the criteria that you're using?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we'll certainly go into a lot more of that detail on Monday, but it's a good question and our strategy has not changed. I mean we're materially focused on a very small number of global countries, right. We are very focused on the type of capabilities that we have existing capabilities that we can leverage, right. So we're focused heavily on the retail banking side in certain sectors and also from the consulting side on the capital market side. So where we truly aren't building out capabilities, we have capabilities that exist today that we can leverage. When you're outside of that space, we say no often, right. So, we really aren't looking at country expansion as a growth opportunity for us and we're also not looking at getting into product deployments or capabilities that don't exist within FIS. But we'll go into that detail for you on Monday to give you a better sense of that.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. See you guys next week.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: All right.
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Ramsey El-Assal with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC: Hi, guys. Curious about in the GFS segment, how does the margin profile in that segment vary by geography? I guess it's kind of, I'm trying to get a better idea of how scale efficiency is operative in your business across these different geographies. Are GFSs in Europe more profitable than in Brazil versus the U.S. versus here versus there, just wondering if you can give me any color there?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, Ramsey, it's a good question. What I think you'll find is the margins are directly related to the type of IP engagement we have in that. So as you would expect, on the highest end would be where we truly have a product solution that's outsourced to us in our data center. That would be on the higher end of those margins and then it moves down to where we're doing just traditional back office BPO would be on the low end of that spectrum. So and then when you start getting into each country based on that dynamic, you start getting into the scale growth components of that. Overall we do believe that the margins on this business are going be able to accelerate, especially as our services components grow because we're seeing that occur in our large scale services engagements. But it really is based on how much product is truly engaged or in the engagement.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC: All right, that makes a lot of sense. Changing channels here, in the Asia Pacific segment I mean, that was pretty remarkable growth now that you break it out. Is most of that coming from India or is growth in Asia Pac pretty broad based?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: The team is doing very well. India is definitely the leader here in this growth. I mean, we highlighted the India ATM deal several years ago and you see the ramp that's provided but we can't lose sight of the job the team has done there in building out a true core franchise as well. Mahila Bank, Bandhan Bank. We talked about Karnataka on the call today. So India is by far the lead but we're seeing some nice growth in some other regions as well. Thailand is a very strong market for us and we obviously are doing well in other regions like the Philippines and Australia. But by far, India is the majority of the revenue in that sector.
James W. Woodall - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: If you look at the calls over the last several quarters, almost every call has had some mention of a win in India. And as we've talked about it, it was growing very well but not a giant needle mover. I think this kind of gives you some clarity and visibility into what growing very well really means and it's becoming a larger component of the overall GFS group.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC: All right, guys. Thanks a lot. That's very helpful.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question is from Mr. Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Andrew.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question. We've covered a lot of ground today but I want to understand a little bit as you realigned your go-to-market strategy and realigned the segments, what specifically do you feel like has changed in terms of how you're actually going to address your customer opportunities? In other words, is it personnel, is it technology, is it other assets, what about the realignment sort of practically on a day-to-day basis do you think work better and gives you the confidence in the outlook for a better second half?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's a great question, Andrew. Well first, what we've done is we've now got truly two pure play companies here that exist. We've moved all of product, all of accountability, all of ownership in both unique segments. You've got the IFS segment which is really, it's just the dominant outsourcer in community banking. It's got the broadest product suite in the industry. The team is very focused whereas in the past we used to have that team being distracted to help focus on things going on in the global markets even though the revenue didn't flow there. A lot of the R&D was going on in that group just because historically that's where it was. We've now got two groups that truly own end-to-end all their capabilities. They have the products that they need in both markets. When you get over to Global, it's just that. We've really moved now Global from a sales engine to truly an end-to-end business. So, now they've got the capability to invest in their products or de-invest in solutions that aren't working in that market. So, in the simplest form, it's just one of accountability and focus that we think are going to drive much better results. We've been moving in this direction for a number of years. When we announced our strategy shift back in 2012, this was the direction we've been taking the company. As you would expect, these are a lot of people to reorganize and so fundamentally this was the last step in the strategy. And so we're going to get people that have lot more focus and accountability, right products. We're going to be able to make investments more effectively in those segments and then convey them to our investors on the returns we expect. So we think all of that's is going to accelerate the execution.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So, would you characterize the way you've positioned or repositioned the businesses, this is kind of perhaps an acceleration of the final step in the plan that was already contemplated and already was kind of a work in progress?
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, exactly. We've been working on the resegmentation for last year as we started moving through me transitioning from Chief Operating Officer into the CEO role. And so before when I was Chief Operating Officer, we ran the business in a very different manner. But we had always had the strategy to move towards this more market focus. And if you look back on our calls, we talked a lot about our markets and the unique buying characteristics of our markets. If you look, the services fees from a professional services consulting piece is very small in IFS. You know we don't have a lot of that type of revenue driven. It's all outsourcing and highly leveraged products. So we take a product and we launch it many times. And you know our traditional competitors in that space very well. You move over into the Global business, very different, right. Heavy head count, a lot of advanced professional services consulting with IP built into that process. So it really is gotten us to the ultimate disposition of where we were taking the company. So now you'll have the ability to really look at both of these groups against their true pure play competitors and see how they're performing against those. So we're excited about the transparency this is going to drive and the ability for these two market leaders to focus and invest and drive their businesses.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, thanks a lot, appreciate it.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll now turn the call back over to Gary Norcross. Please go ahead.
Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you for your questions today and for your interest in FIS. We continue to deliver revenue growth fueled by significant reoccurring revenue streams and strong sales results. We are confident that the resegmentation of our business will enable us to better leverage our technology, consulting and managed services portfolio to realize cost efficiencies within our own organization as well as deliver true value to our clients within the unique markets we serve. Together with over 14,000 clients across the globe, FIS and our more than 42,000 employees are empowering the financial world. In closing, we are pleased to share more detail with you around our strategy and resegmented operating model at our upcoming Investor Conference scheduled for May 4th in New York. We hope that you will be able to join us for this exciting event. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 a.m. today through May 14, 2015. You may access the AT&T Executive Replay System at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 357369. International participants please dial 320-365-3844. This does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Norcross - President & Chief Executive Officer Woody Woodall - Chief Financial Officer Peter Gunnlaugsson - Investor Relations
Analysts: Brett Huff - Stephens Inc. David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Allison Jordan - Credit Suisse Glen Greene - Oppenheimer Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the FIS Global, Q4 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded.  And I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead sir.
Peter Gunnlaugsson: Thank you, Brad. Good morning everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call.  Gary Norcross, President and Chief Executive Officer will begin with a summary of our financial performance followed by the operations report. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with a detailed financial review. Today's news release and the supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Today’s remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language on slide three of the presentation. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. These non-GAAP measures are outlined on slide four. Reconciliations between the GAAP and the non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release.  With that, I will turn the call over to Gary to discuss the fourth quarter financial highlights on slide six. Gary?
Gary Norcross: Thank you Pete and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. Turning to slide six, 2014 proved to be another very strong year. We drove consistent execution, continued to deliver on our financial commitments to our shareholders and achieved our full year growth outlook.  We finished the year with record revenue of $6.4 billion reflecting 6% year-over-year growth. We drove adjusted EBITDA of $1.9 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $3.10, growing our earnings per share by 10% year-over-year. We generated free cash flow of $864 million.  In the fourth quarter our results are equally as strong; revenue increased 7%, EBITDA increased 9%, margins expanded 30 basis points and adjusted earnings per share increased 16% over the prior year period. We finished the year on a strong footing with continued sales success across all markets, a robust pipeline and good visibility heading into 2015.  Turning to slide seven, consistent with our growth strategy, we are using our significant cash flow to drive value for our clients and our shareholders. First, we continue to invest for growth in our operations that target global financial institutions, as well as strategic solution oriented acquisitions including Clear2Pay, Reliance Trust and CMSI, all of which strengthen our payments well and lending capabilities respectively.  Second, we maintained our strong balance sheet ending the year with leverage of 2.6 times debt to EBITDA, which reflects complete deleveraging of our investment and Clear2Pay during the fourth quarter. Our continued financial discipline was recognized by upgrades from both Fitch and Standard & Poor’s during 2014.  Third, we continue to deliver strong value to our investors returning $750 million to our shareholders in 2014 through $475 million of stock repurchases and $275 million in dividends. We also recently announced an 8% increase in the quarterly dividend.  Overall our strong fourth quarter and full year results demonstrate the continued successful execution of our business strategy and our ability to consistently enhance shareholder returns.  Turning now to the markets on slide eight. We continue to capitalize on the increasing market demand for scalable outsourced solutions and transformational services by leveraging our comprehensive suite of end to end technology assets, consulting services and outsource managed delivery capabilities.  We saw increased demand in the quarter and year-over-year for our suite of integrated financial solutions. This was especially true in North America where we saw a number of key competitive core baking wins in the quarter and for the full year. For the fourth quarter we signed 14 new core deals and for the year we saw a 54% increase in total new core wins compared to the prior year.  Digital channels continue to be a key driver as consumer adoption rates grow, creating strong opportunities for our broad based mobile platforms. These opportunities have translated into strong double-digit revenue growth in our mobile business, supported by our strong performance in new mobile deals last year and a user base approaching $30 million. We continue to be one of the leaders in integrated digital channels and mobile platforms and are delivering key innovations that are chaining the way people bank.  As you would expect with the increasing regulatory burdens, our enterprise governance risk and compliance business continues to experience double-digit growth. We see intuitions of all sizes looked at by us to more effectively address the increasing regulatory requirements, enforcement actions and cyber security threats.  In fact, last week we hosted over 300 clients in San Diego for our 11th Annual Enterprise Governance, Risk & Compliance Summit. This event brings together key stakeholders from banks and non-banks to federal and state regulatory agencies to discuss emerging risk and explore new best practices for handling these risks.  These events are not only information sharing events, but create significant sales opportunities for our teams over the following months. These successes coupled with others within our North American businesses have created strong momentum and pipeline for 2015.  Outside North America macro economic trends around the globe continue to cause headwinds in Brazil and some slippage of deals in Europe. Foreign currency exchange rates were a headwind in Q4 and will continue in 2015. However due to our broad geographic business and extensive asset portfolio, we produced strong double-digit growth overall for the year and have confidence in similar double-digit organic growth in 2015.  This confidence is due to our success in 2014 delivering several key client wins, as well as continued progress on our large implementation projects. For example, in Q4 Bandhan Financial Services Ltd., India’s largest micro finance institution with over 2,000 locations and 6 million customers will be offering retail baking services to its customers utilizing our core baking capability on an outsourced basis. The proposed Bandhan bank plans to launch between 400 to 600 branch locations beginning in Q2, 2015.  In addition Muthoot Financial Partners also delivered another strong growth opportunity in Q4 by selecting us to fully manage its ATM services and switching solutions across India. Finally new startup banks in the U.K. proved to be a solid area of opportunity with FIS signing several startup bank clients in the quarter.  To capitalize on the large IP spend and our success in selling to the top global financial institutions, throughout 2014 we added new global client partners, sales and client implementation support teams along with client centered marketing through our operations.  As a result of these additions, we are building on our 2014 success and have a strong pipeline for large transformational outsourcing deals and are seeing results as cost containment, regulatory pressures and front to back office transformation projects continue to dominate our clients agendas.  Additionally, we have seen significant increase in demand for our Clear2Pay solutions among these institutions. Our integration of Clear2Pay is on track and early sales results are inline with our investment case. We continue to see the benefit of FIS’s global sales force adds to these strategic acquisitions by increasing access to our broad client base.  Before I turn it over to Woody for the financial report, I’d like to review the key pillars of our multi year strategy that provide us a strong foundation for success in 2015.  Turning to slide nine. The breadth and depth of FIS’s solution portfolio combined with our large sales and global reach enables us to drive change within our organization to deliver on our growth commitments. From this we are able to deliver on our financial commitments to our shareholders, while continuing to drive profitable growth consistently year-over-year. Strengthen our balance sheet by maintaining improving our investment grade ratings and meeting our total debt to EBITDA target.  Continue to return cash to our shareholders in the form of share buybacks and quarterly dividends; leverage our scale and cost effectively manage our operations through continuous expense management discipline; and then act on strategic acquisitions in an environment of increasingly rapid and aggressive global competition.  This increasingly rapid change is driven by disruptive innovators entrench competitors expanding their services and global players who are to scale with a wider breadth of solution and services is growing an importance to clients. This strategic focus provides us confidence in our ability to drive continued growth and strong financial performance.  Woody will now provide details around our Q4 and full year performance. Woody?
Woody Woodall: Thanks Gary. I'll begin on slide 11 with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter and then for the full year 2014.  In the fourth quarter consolidated revenue increased 7% on a reported basis to $1.7 billion. Consolidated revenue increased 5.4% on an organic basis, continuing our trend of accelerating organic revenue growth this year. EBITDA increased 9% to $526 million, with EBITDA margin expanding 30 basis points to 31.1% compared to 30.8% in the prior year period. Non-GAAP adjusted net earnings from continuing operations increased to $249 million from $220 million and adjusted earnings per share increased 16% to $0.87 from $0.75 in the fourth quarter of 2013.  For the year revenue increased 6% on a reported basis and 5% on an organic basis to $6.4 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased 5% to $1.9 billion, EBITDA margin of 30% was 20 basis points lower than the prior year period reflecting our strategic investment in the global financial institutions market, shifting revenue mix and lower termination fees. Adjusted earnings per share rose 10% to $3.10 per share, which is inline with the EPS guidance we provided in the third quarter call. These results include a negative currency impact on EPS of $0.01 for the quarter and $0.02 for the full year.  Next, I will continue on slide 12 with a review of segment results. In the fourth quarter Financial Solutions revenue grew 7% on a reported basis and 4% on an organic basis to $645 million. These results were driven primarily by growth and implementations, consulting and services and risk and compliance solutions.  Financial Solutions EBITDA for the quarter increased 6% to $253 million; EBITDA margin was 39.2% down from 39.7% in the prior year quarter, primarily reflecting higher consulting and services revenue. For the year Financial Solutions revenue increased 6% on a reported basis and 4% on an organic basis to $2.5 billion from $2.3 billion. This growth was primarily driven by consulting and services, mobile banking and risk and compliance solutions. Full year EBITDA increased 4% to $980 million, EBITDA margin was 39.3% with 70 basis points lower than the prior year period resulting primarily from lower termination fees. Turning to slide 13, in the fourth quarter Payment Solutions revenue increased 5% on a reported basis and 3% on an organic basis to $647 million. This growth reflects increased volumes in network solutions and card production.  Payment Solutions EBITDA increased 5% to $275 million in the quarter and the margin increased 10 basis points to 42.5%, driven primarily by transaction volume growth on our processing platforms. For the full year Payment Solutions revenue increased 2% on a reported and organic basis to $2.5 billion. Full year adjusted EBITDA increased 2% to $1.1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 30 basis points, primarily due to lower termination fees compared to the prior year period. Now I’ll cover on our international business on slide 14. In the fourth quarter International Solutions revenue grew 13% on a reported basis and 11% on an organic basis to $398 million. This double digit organic growth was driven by increased implementation revenue and consulting services. International EBITDA increased 7% to $103 million. EBITDA margin was 25.9%, down 140 basis points compared to the prior year due to shift in revenue mix.  For the full year International Solutions revenue increased 12% on a reported basis and 11% on an organic basis to $1.4 billion. Full year EBITDA increased 6% to $320 million compared to $303 million in the prior year period. EBITDA margin decreased 140 basis points to 22.5%, reflecting the shift in revenue mix in 2014 and the investment in the global financial institution market.  Overall corporate expense in the fourth quarter was $105 million, down from $114 million in the prior year period. For the year corporate expense was down $18 million to $427 million. This decrease is driven by our continued commitment to productivity improvements and cost management.  Moving to the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP EPS on slide 15. GAAP earnings totaled $0.71 per share compared to $0.25 per share in the fourth quarter of 2013. GAAP results for the quarter are adjusted to exclude $0.12 for acquisition-related purchase price amortization and $0.04 per share related to acquisition, integration and severance costs. Adjusted cash flow from operations totaled $455 million in the quarter of 2014 and $1.2 billion for the full year. Capital expenditures in the quarter totaled $99 million and $371 million for the year. The $371 million for the year is 6% of 2014 revenue and represents our commitment to continue to invest in our businesses and new products and services.  We delivered free cash flow of $357 million for the quarter and $864 million for the full year 2014. These results are consistent with our previous guidance for free cash flow conversion to approximate adjusted net earnings for the full year. Our uses of cash flow during 2014 were consistent with our capital allocation priorities of investing for future growth, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. Moving to slide 16. We returned $750 million to share holders in 2014. This consisted of $275 million in dividend and $475 million in share re-purchases. In 2014 we repurchased 8.7 million shares in the open market at an average cost of about $55 per share.  The share re-purchase programs over 2% decreased in our weighted average diluted share account to $288.7 million in 2014 from $294.2 million in 2013. We did not re-purchase any shares in the fourth quarter as we reduced debt related to the Clear2Pay acquisition. Debt outstanding totaled $5.1 billion as of December 31. The weighted average interest rate was 3.1% at year-end. Total debt to EBITDA was 2.6 times which is in line with our target of approximately 2.5 times.  On December 18 we announced the amendment of our existing credit facility. We increased our revolver capacity from $2 billion to $3 billion and extended the maturity to 2019 from 2017. Heading in to 2015 we feel very comfortable with the strength of our balance sheet and the flexibility that affords us to continue to invest for growth. Moving on to slide 17, I will discuss our outlook for 2015. For 2015 we expect revenue growth of 5% to 7% on both a reported and organic basis. As stated in our third quarter call, we expect margin expansion to continue in to 2015 and to be in the range of 10 to 30 basis points for the year.  We expect 2015 adjusted earnings per share in the range of $3.37 to $3.49 per share, which is a 9% to 13% increase over 2014. Foreign currency exchange rates will continue to be a meaningful headwind in 2015, negatively impacting EPS by approximately $0.06. Excluding the impact of currency our 2015 EPS growth would be 11% to 15%. We expect free cash flow to approximate adjusted net earnings. Finally as Gary noted, we recently increased our dividend by 8% to $0.26 per share. Today we are also providing first quarter 2015 EPS guidance to give color on the calendarization of our 2015 plan. We expect continued negative foreign currency impacts in Q1, 2015. Additionally, while good news for the long term, we are planning for a very little impact in bank consolidation resulting in our lowest level of termination fees in the first quarter over the past three years. Based on these items we expect adjusted EPS to be in the range of $0.67 to $0.72 per share in the first quarter.  We are confident that we will again deliver on our full year guidance. This is based on our proven ability to execute and meet our stated financial commitments. Revenue visibility from deals sold in 2014, our sales pipeline and our continued focus on managing our cost structure.  That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from the line of Brett Huff from Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Good morning guys.
Gary Norcross: Hi, good morning Brett.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: On the organic growth Woody and Gary, can you explain just the 5% to 7% range both reported and organics. I think there is some Clear2Pay in there. I think that’s the big organic item. Can you just give us a sense of sort of how you parse that in the 5% to 7% range?
Gary Norcross: Yes, you relay got two things going Brett on the reported growth you’ve got Clear2Pay coming on for three extra quarters in 2015. You also have Reliance Trust coming on for a full half of the year and CMSI coming on for may be an extra quarter. On the opposite side of that you got about two points of FX on the top line that will dilute that reported growth. That’s how you kind of end up with a reported and organic in the same area.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: I see, I got it. So we basically, if we took the mid-point or six we’d add two points to get8x-4x [ph].
Gary Norcross: That’s correct.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: And then we’d subtract, I don’t know other sorts of things about two points in the organic.
Gary Norcross: That’s about right.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Okay, that’s helpful thank you. And then my only other question was Gary you talked about a couple of things in India. One, I think we knew about the big microfinance with many branches and then I think you announced a new one. Can you just tell us about the new one again? I didn’t quite get that?
Gary Norcross: Yes, now wait – the team continues to execute very well in India Brett. We signed a deal with Muthoot whose going to actually bring over all of their ATM driving all their ATM settlement and it just continuous to build out that ATM franchise. As you know we signed that very large India ATM deal with the public sector banks. That’s going very well, that roll out and we just continue to expand our business there. So it’s just a very nice add on to our existing infrastructure.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Okay, and then any other – can you talk just a little bit about risk and compliance generally. Woody when we went through the segments I heard risk and compliance mentioned a lot. Are we still in inning two or three of banks spending on risk and compliance. Can we expect to look forward to that for some time to come or we more in inning seven or eight on that and we got to find a new source of revenue?
Gary Norcross: No, I think we are in the early stages. What we are starting to see now Brett is as you know, we want through a series starting all the way back to 2011 where we saw a significant ramp in our OpEx around risk and security. Those investments have now parlayed into some assets that we are now offering out to our customer base. And just like everything we see, we saw the precursor of it being consulting services, so we saw our consulting side of our business grow. We then moved into back office services and now we are seeing it move into some of the product capabilities that we built out over the last several years.  So we think we are in the early stages. It’s absolutely the top of mind. I just got back from a large conference a couple of weeks ago and it was literally the number one theme across all of the CEO’s of the largest banks in the world and so we think there is tremendous opportunity here for us to continue to grow the business going forward.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Okay great. That’s what I needed, I appreciate it.
Gary Norcross: Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of David Koning with Baird; please go ahead.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Yes, hi guys nice job.
Gary Norcross: Thanks David.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Yes. I guess my first question is Q1 you talked a little bit about guidance for Q1. It’s the easiest comp of the year in terms of revenue growth. But I’m just wondering, you know is this year going to be a little different. I know you had the big pipeline of deal activity. Do we actually this year even though it’s the easier comps, start a little slower with growth and then as some of that deal momentum builds and you layer it on, that revenue growth actually accelerates through the year?
Gary Norcross: I think it’s really more around timing around some term fees as I tried to mention. Typically we’ve had probably one to one and half points per quarter in the form of term fees Dave. We’ve called that out. It’s been as high as almost two points when we had M&I flowing through back in 2013.  We are planning for the lowest level of term fees we’ve seen in three years in 2015, which again very good for the long term because you don’t lose the run rate but it does move some of that lumpiness around. We had over a point in the first quarter of last year in terms of term fees and we are looking at at-least from a planning perspective almost negligible term fees for Q1 of ‘15.
Woody Woodall: Yes Dave, just to add to that, if you think about it term fees are very hard to predict obviously. We don’t know what acquisitions are going on in the market until typically they are announced. Every now and then we get a little advance notice, but if you think about when we came out of the 2008 economic collapse and once the bank stabilized and dealt with all of their loan issues and we saw the closure rate fall off, we now have seen a spike over the last several years of the increase, what I would say, almost pent-up acquisition demand.  As Woody said, the good news is we see that trailing off, I mean which is positive for us, because as we talked in the past, even when one of our clients buys one of our plants, one plus one never equals two. So for us based on what we are seeing, based on what our clients are telling us that’s going to continue to trend down. We saw a drop in term fees last year. We think it’s going to be dropped again this year. But as far as the growth of the revenue goes, it always cycles where Q1 is always typically our slowest growth and then it ramps up through the course of the year, just the nature of the business.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Okay, good and then I guess the other thing, margins up year-over-year this quarter, which is nice trend to start again. My guess the way you are kind of talking though this is margins actually might be down year-over-year in Q1 because of the term fee issue, but then should they be up year-over-year in all the other quarters of 2015?
Woody Woodall: Yes, again we were trying to add further color from Q3. We saw some margin expansion and expectations into the fourth quarter and actually executed on that. We did see those come through. We do anticipate margins for the full year to be in the 10 to 30 basis point range. We do believe that margin will come further in the year second, third, fourth quarter.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Okay, and then finally FX, you know you characterized it as a two point headwind. We are usually pretty close. Our model is like 2.8% headwind right now and I know you give a wide enough range on revenues to kind of absorb different moving parts, but I’m just wondering, it just feels a little more like 3% would be kind of the conservative approach, but unless there is a little change in FX make up now with some of the acquisitions. I guess maybe you could just quickly kind of walk through that?
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think the difficulty is exactly what you talk about. If you can give me where you think all the different rates are going to be for the year, I’ll give you exactly what FX is going to be very challenging as you know, particularly in a very dynamic market over the past eight weeks or so in FX, but in that range it could be a little higher Dave, but we think we are in a range, a ballpark its about there.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Yes, I won’t guess that. I’ll stick to my day-to-day job, but thanks, good job.
Gary Norcross: All right, thanks Dave.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of George Mihalos from Credit Suisse, please go ahead.
Allison Jordan – Credit Suisse: Hi, congrats on the quarter. This is Allison joining in for George. I had a question, if you could possibly provide a breakdown of constant currency growth within international, maybe what you are seeing across Europe and LatAm and if you can give us a sense of the contribution coming from Asia?
Gary Norcross: Yes, Asia Pac has been growing very significantly for us. We typically haven’t been giving individual growth rates in those regions, but I can tell you it’s in the 20% type range. It’s been growing very well.  As you know, LatAm, we gave a lower growth profile around LatAm. In fact for the year we saw almost flat Latin American growth and some decline in Brazil and then we saw good bounce back in Europe where we saw you know mid teen growth in Europe. Adding it all together we ended up with that, so I think it was around 11% for the full year in terms of growth.  Again, we keep talking about India. You are hearing wins in Asia. It’s not a huge dollar impact yet, but it’s growing very rapidly for us and we believe it will become a more and more important piece of the overall pie. The full geographic breadth I guess is the strength of our international business right now were you can see certain areas growing very fast, other areas that may not be growing as fast, but still giving us good visibility into solid double digit growth for a long horizon there.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think that’s key Alison. When I think about the business and where the business is growing, you saw Brazil be a huge tailwind for us post 2008, while Europe was struggling to recover. We signaled on many calls that we started seeing our consulting business grow again in Europe, which is great. Then it lead into some significant product wins which we’ve announced on the call. I know Brazil is going through that cycle.  Asia frankly has been strong throughout the entire recovery. The team is just doing a great job over there. So for us it’s really that geographic dispersion that allows us to have good strong confidence that we can maintain that double-digit growth rate outside the U.S. in 2015.
Allison Jordan – Credit Suisse: That’s great color, thank you. And then just one more from me, are you seeing any more EMV driven issuance activity and do you expect that to be a meaningful contributor to the top line growth in 2015?
Gary Norcross: Yes, EMV is going to be a tailwind for us in 2015. The sales team’s done a nice job. We are continuing to see more and more activity on that. We’ve announced on several calls some very nice wins of people converting their entire card base. We’ve now got a lot of people who are starting to sign up and they are on kind of a three-year cycle to go through that. So I think your going to see it as a nice tailwind for us for the next several years.  You’re also going to see frankly even Mag Stripe and some of the prepaid areas etcetera. It’s going to kind of maintain its kind of steady state. So card production will be a definitely a tailwind for us for the next couple of years.
Woody Woodall: Yes, if you look back to Q4, PSG grew in the 3.5% zone and card production was definitely one of the drivers. If you go back to the prepared remarks you should be able to view that.
Allison Jordan – Credit Suisse: Great, thanks guys. Congrats on the quarter.
Gary Norcross: All right, thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Glen Greene from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Glen Greene – Oppenheimer: Good morning. I’ll start with sales activity. Gary it sounded like the commentary overall was good, maybe a little bit mixed. It sounded like there were a few deals that slipped maybe in Europe. On the other hand it sounded like you’ve got a pretty robust sort of transformational outsourcing pipeline. Maybe if you can just give us a little bit more color and if you think this is sort of the breakout here for those big transformational deals. 
Gary Norcross: You know Glen, I think the answer to that is it could be yes. I mean what we’re seeing is frankly we are seeing good signings. We are seeing some bill slippage in Europe which continues to bother us, but I think it’s the kind of the state of the whole European environment, but we still signed a number of – in Q4 we signed a number of startups in the UK for example on product. We continue to see our consulting business grow exponentially in that market, which is always a great sign and we’ve already announced a number of bog transformational outsourcing deals.  So I think when I think about the global marketplace, global financial institution marketplace, the pipeline continues to grow and we continue to execute. I wish some of these deals wouldn’t slip from quarter-to-quarter, but that’s just the nature of these areas in the economy.  When I turn to the U.S., the U.S. sales team had a great year last year and had good strong consistent growth over the prior year and their pipeline is starting to see good throughput. So all in all I’m very bullish on where the company is, how the sales team is executing and I think that’s why we’ve increased our guidance for growth going into 2015.
Glen Greene – Oppenheimer: Okay, and then for Woody maybe you could help us a little bit in terms of thinking about segment growth and margins directionally. You’ve obviously talked about international continuing in that sort of double digit organic. Should we assume some continued sort of mix pressure on the margins in international and how should we be thinking about sort of the organic growth in financial and payments.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think in financial and payments your still looking at a similar trend line where we’ve got some of the consulting end services in the U.S. helping to drive our financial group at a little higher growth rate and then our PSG segment similar to what we’ve seen in the past and then sort of a low to mid single digits around the breadth of products with some growing pretty rapidly and some of the more material products not growing and some even declining. So your still seeing that in the low to mid single digit area. I don’t think we are looking at a significant trend on either one of those than we’ve seen in the past.
Glen Greene – Oppenheimer: And same on margins?
Woody Woodall: Probably so. I mean, I think we continue to focus on cost structure where if you looked at the individual components of the fourth quarter, you have FSG driven down by some of the consulting and services, as well as the investment in the global market. You had ISG with the same trends.  PSG expanded a little bit of margins and then we got about 30 basis points of consolidated margin because we’re continuing to manage that consolidated corporate cost structure getting leverage out of the balance of the businesses. So I think you’ll continue to see that. I think you’ll see it further in Q2, Q3, Q4 as we continue to grow it out of the balance of the business and manage our overall cost structure.
Gary Norcross: Yes Glen, our overall services businesses just across the entire company continues to grow very well and that’s the testament to the size of our company and the ability to deliver these kind of robust services. So you got that in general, growing double digits, but you also keep in mind you’ve got the Clear2Pay acquisition, which is a very nice product pull through that’s going to be splitting between ISG and PSG.  And as Woody pointed out, there’s a number of deep product elements that I even mentioned in my prepared remarks around mobile and some of those things. So it’s going to be a nice dynamic, but we feel comfortable that the margin expansion that we described will come through in 2015.
Glen Greene – Oppenheimer: Just one real quick. The [6N EPS] [ph] from FX, historically from what I recall you had sort of more of a natural hedge and so whenever you saw a revenue headwind you generally didn’t have too much run into your EPS track. Any reason why that’s changed? Has the mix changed or I guess I was surprised at the order of magnitude of the EPS track.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think the point really is around the magnitude of the rate changes and if you looked at the full year our currency impact this year was about $35 million, $37 million on the top line. To follow-up on Dave’s point we’re looking at two points plus on the top line this year, which is a much more significant change in the FX, so therefore we called it out. Again it’s a translation risk. It’s a translation of the P&L. Unless we’re trying to get those euros or Brazilian reals or pounds and trying to repatriate them, it becomes a paper issue more than the economic issue. 
Glen Greene – Oppenheimer: Okay great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JP Morgan, please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Just on the Europe deals slipping, is that a macro issue or is it perhaps regulation driven with PSG2 going on or what not.
Gary Norcross: No, I don’t think so. I just think as the economy bounces around and the recovery bounces around over there Tien-Tsin, it’s going to deal slide. I mean its nothing that we’re concerned about at all. We’ve had this going on now for well over the last couple of years and so we saw that movement coming out of the recovery in the U.S. where deals were hard to predict when they were enclosed in one quarter and they would slide to another quarter.  So I don’t think its anything more than just the course of business. The good news is the team keeps building the pipeline and it just incents our sales team to make sure the pipeline is as robust as possible and as I said Woody mentioned a minute ago, we saw a good recovery in Europe last year, it had good performance from a growth standpoint. So it’s nothing that we’re concerned about.
Woody Woodall: Yes Tien-Tsin, as for the color, I think part of it maybe around Gary and my expectation around the team. We still grew in the 12% zone and we just anticipated more. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Yes, so that’s obviously a good rate. So I just as a follow up to that and we’ve been hearing that there could be some higher M&A activity in Europe as well given the regulation, getting close to being finalized. Do you think that’s going to be the case and do you expect to be active?
Gary Norcross: I’ll tell you, I’ll state it this way. We’re seeing an increased level of M&A activity definitely. As we talked about in the past, for us we want to make sure that we’re doing the responsible M&A that returns value to our shareholders and also drives product and service to our clients.  So as I said in my prepared remarks, if we can find an opportunity that drives earnings per share always compared to share buybacks as kind of the bar, then we’ll certainly evaluate it. We’ve done a number of acquisitions last year. You’ve seen over the last three years the level of acquisition activity from the dollar amount has increased consistently. I think last year we did about $600 million in acquisitions.  So it’s important for us to keep ahead of the innovation curve. It’s important for our clients. We continue to see your demanding a larger portfolio suite from providers like us in order for them to be competitive to deal with the regulatory burden and the security burden and frankly just all the innovations going on. So we’ll always evaluate if there’s an opportunity that makes sense.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: All right Gary, thank you. Then just a quick one for Woody, did you give the bookings growth number or a target that you set for -- or how you came in on 2014 and what’s expected in ’15 related to the booking for new sales.
Woody Woodall: We typically don’t give bookings numbers Tien-Tsin, not now.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Cool. Thank you so much, so I didn’t miss it. Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Sure thanks.
Gary Norcross: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ramsey El-Assal from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ramsey El-Assal – Jefferies: Hi guys. I wanted to ask you about, you mentioned that you had strong I think network transaction growth. Could you kind of flush out that comment a little bit, what’s the driver there, what are they referring to?
Gary Norcross: Yes, this is really our nice network and we just had strong transaction driven volumes in the fourth quarter. 
Woody Woodall: Yes, which is all good, the increase in volumes across going forward. We typically see the spike. Its always a big shopping season and so everybody knows and so we were a good recipient of those transactions throughout the quarter. 
Ramsey El-Assal – Jefferies: Anything related to lower fuel price, anything you can read into? A boost in debit spend due to lower fuel or is that tough to call?
Gary Norcross: Yes, I would say that would be tough to call. I’m sure someone on our team could give you that kind of detail, but for us we saw just a nice increase across our networks and it translated to nice revenue and profit growth for us. Was it fuel cost reductions that accelerated that, it would be too hard to call for us at point. 
Ramsey El-Assal – Jefferies: Okay. I wanted to ask you for an updated on your broader check business. Has the rate of decline in that business kind of continued to stabilize firs? I guess second, would you entertain any kind of – are you closer to entertaining any kind of strategic options for that business in terms of potentially divesting it or you know that type of thing. 
Gary Norcross: Well, first the decline of the unit rate of checks continues to be steady, right. We continue to see it in various pockets. The teams done a very nice job as we’ve highlighted over the years, especially in our back office check processing, the team’s done a nice job of selling to financial intuitions to outsource that.  So actually the sales team last year was able to fill in that hole and we actually saw our check business on the back office side, it actually had a minor growth, I mean below single digits.  On the point of sale offering which is another area that we engage in checks. We are seeing a fairly consistent decline there. The team’s doing a good job of maintaining margins on that business. As far as a strategic look at it, we’ve looked at it several times as you guys might know and frankly at this point in time. We just have never been able to find an offering that would make sense for our shareholders. 
Ramsey El-Assal – Jefferies: Got it. All right thanks a lot guys. 
Operator: Our last question of the day comes from the Line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc,: Thanks. Hey guys good morning. 
Gary Norcross: Good morning. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc,: So my question is trying to get from the 5% to 7% revenue growth to the 9% to 13% EPS growth. If I assume maybe lets call it 1.5% to 2% of buyback. Is there is the delta there – could you sort of provide some detail with regards to are you going to continue to pay down debt? What’s the operating leverage coming through and where I’m getting to is really you guys have had a couple of good years of really good solid bookings, consulting growth, international growth. Some of these things are at lower margin obviously. But the backend of that lower margin is higher revenue processing type work. So when do we get that is sort of the question. 
Gary Norcross: Yes, you take the top line growth in there, lets use six as the mid point Ashwin. We will get some level of margin expansion in that 10 to 30 basis points, so that give us you a little bit more there. We’ve done a good bit of refinancing activity over the course of the year. We get a little bit of benefit for the first half of this year as you get the annualization of the activities we did in 2014. And then from a default standpoint you are looking at our share buyback to give you those last couple of points if you will to get that 9 to 13 range. So that kind of bridges you between the revenue growth to the 9 to 13. 
Woody Woodall: And keep in mind Ashwin. I know you’ve seen us do this every year. Last year it was over shadowed a little bit with our Global Client Partner Investment. But every year as we work through our plan, we also take cost actions and shift our cost structure around associated where our growth is going to be. So fundamentally that’s just part of our DNA as a company and last year that was over shadowed because we also ramped up a big investment, but you will get some lift out of that as well. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc,: And that part was going to be my next question, the global investment that you had. I think last year was what 50 basis points, 30 basis points, something like that. Does it step down now this year or do you continue at the same level, but that isn’t the year-over-year impact. How should we think of that? 
Gary Norcross: What we talked about was a $30 million investment we did make right at that investment level in 2014. We would anticipate, continue to keep that investment again at this people and go to market resources in those large banks. We would continue to keep that investment at the same level in 2015. Again, long lead times on these deals, so we want to make sure we are getting return, but it takes a while to get that return on the investment as we anticipate, absolutely.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc,: And then my last question is, it was good to get the 1Q color, but thinking beyond that, you do have the divesture to GPN and so on and so forth. How should we think of the timing of how revenue growth slows versus margin growths through the year? 
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think you are going to see margin growth through the year as we continue to drive that cost management through there. I think the global deal we anticipate to close early Q2 somewhere in late April timeframe. As we talked about it, it compared to Clear2Pay, the combination of the two we thought would be neutral to EPS in 2015, still thinking that’s the same, so you will see some revenue from global drop-off in the second quarter and continue to see the ramp up of the acquisitions that we’ve made in 2014 flowing into 2015 over the course of the year. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc,: And that’s all in your guidance, right. 
Woody Woodall: Correct. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc,: Okay, great. Thank you guys. Congratulations. 
Gary Norcross: Thanks Ashwin. 
Gary Norcross: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. We are executing consistently on our commitments. We are driving profitable revenue growth and operating with strong fundamentals. Our proven business model of technology, consulting, and managed service capabilities worldwide with high reoccurring revenue delivering strong cash flow drive stability and predictability.  We have a strong foundation for success in 2015 through our multi year strategy. We are excited to share more detail with you around our strategy at our upcoming Investor and Analyst Day meeting scheduled for May 4 in New York. We hope that you would be able to join us for this exciting event.  In closing today, I’d like to thank our more than 40,000 employees around the world who are committed to be champions to our clients each and every day. This passion for moving our clients business forward to make them successful has earned us the loyalty of over 14,000 institutions across the globe. Thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, today’s conference will be available for a replay after 10:30a.m. through February 19. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Peter Gunnlaugsson - Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance & Investor Relations Frank R. Martire - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Pete Gunnlaugsson. Please go ahead, sir.
Peter Gunnlaugsson: Thank you, Roxanne. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Frank Martire, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a summary of our financial performance. Gary Norcross, President and Chief Operating Officer, will follow with an operations report. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with a detailed financial review. Today's news release and the supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Let me remind you that today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the safe harbor language on Slide 3 of the presentation. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. These non-GAAP measures are outlined on Slide 4. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release. With that, I will turn the call over to Frank to discuss the third quarter financial highlights on Slide 6. Frank?
Frank R. Martire: Thanks, Pete. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I am pleased to report that the third quarter was another strong quarter for FIS, positioning us well to achieve our full year growth outlook. Our results underscore the strength of our business model and our long-term planned relationships, which drives significant recurring revenue and consistent profitable growth. Looking at the details of the quarter. Revenue increased 7% on a reported basis and 5% on an organic basis to $1.6 billion and year-to-date of $4.7 billion. This marks our 19th consecutive quarter of organic revenue growth. Adjusted earnings per share rose 8% -- 8% to $0.80, in line with our expectations and year-to-date to $2.23. Sales execution was strong in the quarter, and we maintained a robust pipeline going into the last quarter of the year. These results demonstrate the continuing successful execution of the business strategy we outlined in 2012. First, we are optimizing performance through organic growth with an ongoing focus on double-digit growth and earnings per share. Second, we are delivering strategic value to our clients through solution innovation and transformation. Third, we are committed to enhancing shareholder value through strong financial performance and disciplined capital allocation. Reflecting this commitment, we have returned over $680 million in dividends and share repurchase to our shareholders in the first 9 months of 2014 and over $2.5 billion since the beginning of 2011. Before I turn the call over to Gary for our business strategy and operating highlights, I'd like to comment on the recent announcement of my new role as Executive Chairman of the FIS Board, effective January 1, 2015. I've had the extreme pleasure of leading this company for the last 5 years. I am very proud of what we have accomplished together. We have delivered consistently strong financial performance during a very challenging environment for our clients, achieved investment-grade status and driven shareholder returns of over 140%. Additionally, FIS has ranked consistently among the industry leaders' financial technology providers, including the #1 position in the annual IDC Financial Insights FinTech Rankings for 4 consecutive years. It has truly been my honor and privilege to have served as the CEO of this company. Additionally, I'd like to recognize and congratulate Gary on the announcement of his promotion to President and CEO of FIS, also effective January 1. Gary is a 26-year veteran of FIS, and there is no better person to lead the company into its next chapter. I have a tremendous amount of respect and confidence in Gary, and know he will be immensely successful in his new role. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you, Frank, for the vote of confidence. I'd like to congratulate you on your new role as Executive Chairman, and thank you on behalf of our 40,000 employees and me personally for your exemplary leadership. FIS is now the leading global financial technology company with incredible talent, valuable relationships with over 14,000 clients globally and a track record of strong financial performance. I look forward to continuing this legacy, and I'm honored to lead this company in January as the new President and CEO. Turning to Slide 8. As Frank discussed, the third quarter was another strong quarter of financial performance and strategic progress for FIS. We continue to capitalize on the increasing global market demand for scalable outsourced solutions and transformational services. In the quarter, we again recorded strong sales and strategic wins across all markets, with new bookings up significantly in the quarter and year-to-date. We further expanded our global payments portfolio to drive growth opportunities in key markets. This includes our recent acquisition of Clear2Pay, which I'll discuss in a few minutes. We generated positive momentum with existing deployments and expanding business with established clients, and we continued to affirm our investment strategy to better penetrate the global financial institution market, where we saw continued traction. Turning to the markets. In North America, financial institution mind share continues to center on improving profitability and addressing regulatory compliance challenges. As a result, we see broad-based demand for strategic technology and outsourcing solutions, including strength in digital and mobile banking, emerging payments and enterprise risk and compliance solutions. We continue our success in growing our mobile business with over 28 million registered mobile users in Q3, representing 25% year-over-year growth. Additionally, we have driven strong volume growth in mobile check deposits, with both dollar volume and item volume up over 80% year-over-year. Strong demand for FIS risk and compliance expertise and solutions drove strong growth this quarter. For example, we are currently engaged in a significant professional services project with a large financial institution to further enhance their enterprise compliance processes. Additionally, strong demand for our technology-based regulatory training and analytics continues with a top 20 financial institution selecting FIS industry leading and innovative online regulatory university solution to deliver regulatory compliance training company-wide and to their partner network throughout the U.S. Overall, it was a record sales quarter for our North American market. Switching to our international market. It was another solid quarter of revenue growth with a number of significant new deals closed during the quarter. In Asia, the market continues to deliver significant opportunities with organizations looking to better serve the underbanked and emerging payments sector. For example, you will recall our success last year in launching Mahila Bank, India's first bank aimed at the financial empowerment of the country's women. This was followed last quarter by Shivalik Bank, who selected FIS to deliver a completely outsourced banking solution. This quarter, Bandhan Bank, India's largest micro-finance institution, selected FIS as their partner, outsourcing all technology operations for its new banking operation. Bandhan Bank plans to begin operation in early 2015, with approximately 600 branches and 10 million customers. Under a long-term outsourcing arrangement, FIS will provide a fully integrated banking and payments platform. This win builds on our current success in addressing the demand for outsourced solutions in the market. Next, we continue to make good progress on our global financial institution market, and remain pleased with our early results, including the strong growth we are generating in our consulting and services business. We are pleased that after the quarter closed, Crédit Agricole entered into a 7-year outsourcing agreement with FIS, one of our largest outsourcing deals to date to provide a derivatives post-trade solution. This platform is designed to allow investment banks to share IT services and resources for cross-asset derivatives, thus reducing costs and increasing efficiency. This win combines the deep capital markets content of Crédit Agricole corporate and investment bank with the large scale financial technology capabilities and expertise of FIS. Turning to Slide 9. In support of our growth strategy, we are pleased with our recent acquisition of Brussels-based Clear2Pay. Global payments are one of the fastest-growing segments in financial services. Clear2Pay has been a recognized leader in this segment over the last several years. Their solutions and payment hub capabilities supporting corporate and retail payments expand our payment capabilities, and position us to better address our clients' need across all geographies, particularly among large global institutions. Using service-oriented architecture on their open framework, Clear2Pay is able to help clients solve the demands of an evolving and complex global payments landscape, inclusive of high-value and cross-currency corporate payments, as well as ATM, point of sale, Internet, mobile, debit, prepaid and corporate card payments. There are significant revenue synergies in combining Clear2Pay's assets with FIS' distribution channels and system integration capabilities. This strategic acquisition demonstrates our commitment to delivering the technologies and assets that will enable our clients to realize a modern payments environment, which encompasses all customer channels and simplifies payment operations. Before I turn things over to Woody, and turning to Slide 10, let me take a minute to recap a few key points. We had a solid third quarter and strong year-to-date results, reflecting a combination of new wins, implementations and expanded client relationships across all markets. We continue to leverage the powerful combination of FIS technology, service capabilities and consulting expertise to bring transformational solution to our clients. We remain committed to optimizing our business and investing in the markets and solutions that are central to driving profitable growth. Now I'll turn it over to Woody for the financial report.
James W. Woodall: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 12 with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter. Revenue increased 7% on a reported basis to $1.6 billion and 5% organically. Adjusted EBITDA increased 4% to $488 million, and EBITDA margin was 30.4%. Adjusted earnings per share increased 8% from the prior year quarter to $0.80 per share. Year-to-date, revenue increased 5% on a reported and organic basis to $4.7 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased 4% to $1.4 billion, and EBITDA margin was 29.6% compared to 30.1% in the prior year period. Adjusted earnings per share increased 8% to $2.23 per share. As we anticipated and called out to you last quarter, our investment in the global financial institutions market, coupled with revenue mix and difficult comparisons in the prior year period, resulted in a margin headwind for the quarter. We anticipate margins to expand in the fourth quarter as we begin to anniversary difficult comparisons. Next, I will continue on Slide 13 with a review of segment results. Financial Solutions revenue increased 9% to $633 million, and grew 6% organically, driven by growth in consulting and professional services, risk and compliance, and mobile banking. We also completed the Reliance Financial acquisition in July, which contributed to reported revenue growth. Financial Solutions EBITDA increased 5% to $251 million, while EBITDA margin was 39.6% compared to 41.4% last year. As mentioned earlier, this was driven by a change in revenue mix and lower termination fees compared to the prior year quarter. Turning to Slide 14. Payment Solutions revenue increased 2% on both a reported and organic basis to $615 million, reflecting growth in network solutions, debit processing and software license sales. Payment Solutions EBITDA was $262 million and the EBITDA margin expanded 30 basis points to 42.7%. Moving to Slide 15. International revenue grew 12% to $358 million, and increased 9% organically. We continue to see strong growth in Europe and Asia. The macroeconomic trends in Brazil have resulted in slower-than-anticipated growth in Latin America, causing a headwind to our overall international growth rate in the third quarter. International EBITDA margin was 22.9%, down from 25.3% in the prior year quarter, primarily reflecting lower license sales and increased investment in the global financial institutions market. Corporate expense was $108 million in the quarter, and we expect approximately $110 million in the fourth quarter. Ongoing disciplined cost management has enabled us to reduce corporate expense about 3% year-to-date. Moving on to a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP EPS on Slide 16. GAAP earnings were $0.53 per share. Third quarter 2014 GAAP results are adjusted to exclude $0.13 per share in acquisition-related purchase amortization, $0.09 per share for costs related to refinancing activities, as noted in the second quarter and completed in the third quarter, and $0.06 per share for acquisition, integration and severance cost. The effective tax rate was 31.2%, down from the prior year quarter, primarily due to realization of certain acquired loss carryforward assets. We expect an effective tax rate of 34% to 35% for the fourth quarter, yielding a full year effective tax rate of 32% to 33%. Moving on to cash flow on Slide 17. Adjusted cash flow from operations totaled $287 million, and free cash flow was $201 million for the quarter. Capital expenditures totaled $86 million or 5.4% of revenue in the third quarter and $273 million or 5.8% of revenue year-to-date. We continue to expect full year capital expenditures between 5.5% and 6% of revenue. Turning to Slide 18. We continue to invest for growth, including the acquisition of Clear2Pay, which closed earlier this month. In light of the accelerating demand for corporate payments, the additional capabilities afforded by Clear2Pay are expected to be a tailwind to our long-term organic revenue and earnings growth. We anticipate margins from this business to approach our consolidated margins once full run-rate synergies are achieved and the business gains scale. On a stand-alone basis, Clear2Pay is expected to generate revenue of approximately $135 million for 2014. The transaction was funded with a combination of offshore cash and borrowings from existing credit facilities. We anticipate this acquisition to be neutral to 2014 adjusted EPS and slightly accretive to 2015 adjusted EPS. Earnings per share accretion further accelerates in 2016, as full run-rate synergies are achieved. Additionally, in September, we entered into an agreement to divest nonstrategic assets from the Certegy check gaming business for proceeds of approximately $235 million in cash. We expect to close the transaction in April of 2015. Combined, these transactions are expected to be neutral to 2015 adjusted EPS. Moving on to the balance sheet. As of quarter end, debt totaled $5 billion with a weighted average interest rate of 3.1%. Our leverage ratio was 2.6x debt-to-EBITDA, and we anticipate ending the year at approximately 2.5x, including the impact of the acquisition of Clear2Pay. In the third quarter, we returned $218 million to shareholders, including $68 million in dividends and $150 million in share repurchases. Year-to-date, we have returned $681 million to shareholders, up 26% from the prior year period. Repurchase activity reduced our weighted average diluted shares to 287 million in the third quarter from 293 million last year. Approximately $1.5 billion remains under our share repurchase authorization. Moving on to Slide 19. We are reiterating our revenue and EBITDA guidance, and narrowing the EPS range of our outlook for full year 2014. We now expect organic revenue growth of 4.5% to 6.5%, adjusted EBITDA growth of 4.5% to 6.5%, adjusted earnings per share of $3.06 to $3.12, reflecting growth of 9% to 11%. This compares to our previous guidance of 8% to 12% growth. Finally, we continue to expect free cash flow to approximate adjusted net earnings. To summarize, this guidance is in line with our full year outlook we provided in February. We're on track to deliver another year of profitable growth, and we're optimistic about the opportunities that lie ahead. We will continue to focus on deploying capital in value-enhancing ways, including investing for growth, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And congrats too to Gary and Frank, both of you, great progress for so many years, so congrats on the transitions.
Frank R. Martire: That's very nice of you to say.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. Thanks, Dave.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And so I guess just, first of all, you've had so many good wins in the last several quarters. Is there a time frame where we should look to see kind of the biggest impact of those wins coming on, on a year-over-year basis? Like, basically, we've had about 5% growth for a while now, and are we going to see in the next 2 or 3 quarters kind of a ramp-up just as all those deal wins really come together?
James W. Woodall: Well, Dave, I'll take that one. If you look back, our organic revenue growth this year has gone in line with what we outlined for the year. First quarter organic was about 4%. First half was 4.5%, third quarter 5%. So that acceleration we've been talking about for some time, we're starting to see it, and if you model that forward for revenue growth of about 4.5% to 6.5%, we anticipate continued acceleration into the fourth quarter. So I don't think you're going to see a shift on a dime in terms of the revenue growth curve changing, but we continue to see it accelerating as we anticipate it.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Dave, I mean, just to build on a little bit of that. As you know, these are -- most of these deals, we're announcing are very large scale outsourcing deals. They take time to ramp up. We've talked about that on prior calls. So we're looking for, as Woody said, just steady improvement of our organic growth going into the future.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, the secondary question on that is, this year, margins have been down a little bit year-to-date, and part of that obviously is because of some of the new deal wins in consulting growth. Is margin something that you think from this year is kind of a base line that should expand over the next couple of years even as that revenue starts to accelerate?
James W. Woodall: Well, I think as we've talked about before, we made some specific investments this year that put some headwind on margin, and we had some difficult comparisons that put some headwind on margins. We anticipate fourth quarter to actually see some level of margin expansion as we begin to anniversary those comparisons, and while we're not completed with our 2015 planning, we do anticipate margin expansion going into the future similar to levels you've seen in the past.
Frank R. Martire: Absolutely. So Dave, we fully expect to see margin expansion into 2015 and beyond, okay?
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then just one quick last one. Do you think Apple Pay, they talk about how the banks might be willing to give up 15 basis points, like I just still struggle to know why they would give up what could be 15% of their interchange fee for something that doesn't give them that much of a benefit. I'm just wondering if you've talked to banks on that and why they might be willing to do it.
Gary A. Norcross: Dave, I think it's too early to really comment on Apple Pay. I mean, where we see the positives of it, it does raise awareness, right? It generates transactions, as you know, us having the hosting count, it gets back to us, and if it creates more volume, that will be a positive thing for us. It's early. There's going to be a lot of room, and some of the questions you're bringing up, we are discussing with our financial institutions, and I think a lot of people are trying to decide where that -- where all this is going to settle out. Clearly, Apple Pay is going to have a role, but there's room for -- there's going to have to be more than just 1 mobile payment provider in the industry, and so as you know, we're doing a lot with MCX under the brand currency. We've actually enabled some of our customers to utilize Apple Pay as well, but I think it's going to be early to see -- to be commenting on how all this is going to sort out and where the volume is actually going to end up.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Gary, should we expect you to do things differently as the new CEO of FIS?
Gary A. Norcross: David, it's a great question. And I've been here 26 years, and Frank and I have had a great partnership over the last 5. And so no, I would not expect any radical changes. We're very focused on continuing to accelerate our long-term growth and generating, expanding profits associated with that. So hopefully, you've seen over the last year, we've made some shifts, of rolling out our strategy, and focusing on what we see as 3 very distinct markets. Obviously, our biggest opportunity for expansion is in the global financial institution marketplace, because as we've shared in the past, we feel we're under-penetrated there, but we're going to continue to carry on the legacy that Frank has established and excited about the opportunity. So when you start thinking about capital allocation, Woody hit on how we're focused on driving our capital to help accelerate profitable growth, and we're going to continue to focus on the markets that we've been discussing.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Understood. If you could address some of the big growth drivers that you've touched on in the past, in particular, India ATM, if you could talk about the ramp of that contract; second, Sainsbury U.K.; and then third, if you could give us what the account growth was in the Banco Bradesco JV in the quarter.
Gary A. Norcross: Sure, I'd be happy to do that. Let's go -- let's just go in the order that you brought them up. So in India, the team continues to perform very well. That project is right on plan. The team's done a phenomenal job deploying our ATMs. We are continuing to see adoption raise -- rise on the curve that we had hoped. So everything is green with regards to our India ATM deployment, and we see no issues hitting our pro forma that we announced to the market when we signed that transaction. We've also continued to build on that as well. So it's not just that contract. We continue to drive additional contracts related to our India ATM business. But also, hopefully we've hit on a few things that what you're seeing with FIS is once we build credibility in these key markets, like India ATM, now we're moving into the core bank processing, and so we're very excited about some of the recent announcements in India outside of the ATM EFT business, whether it's Mahila Bank, Shivalik or the one we just announced, Bandhan Bank. These are 3 new banks essentially in India, and looking for a complete core banking and payment system, and there's been 3 that have come out and FIS has signed all 3. So I just -- I can't be more complimentary to our team in that region. They're just doing a great job. Sainsbury also continues to progress well. I know Frank was actually over there the last couple of weeks meeting with the executive team on one of his trips. And when you look at something the size of Sainsbury, you're always going to have some opportunities to improve the time line. You're also going to have some opportunities that'll come up you have to address, but there's nothing been out of the norm in the Sainsbury deployment. So we feel very good about our progress there, and we feel very good about rolling Sainsbury into production in the 2015 time frame, which we discussed. As far as Bradesco, Bradesco, we've seen frankly our international business, the economic issues going on in Brazil as a whole impacted our international numbers a little more than we expected. With that being said, transactions and cards were up in our Brazilian joint venture. We're seeing some things where we're actually moving some volume around, so we're moving some things out of our call center and moving that into more automated solutions, like our IVR, and that actually is providing a little headwind to our revenue, but all in all, given the macroeconomic climate of Brazil, we're pleased at what's going on in the joint venture, although it was a little more of a headwind than we expected in the quarter.
James W. Woodall: Said a different way on the Brazil, David, we did continue to see growth in transactions and card, just at a slower rate than we've seen in the past.
Frank R. Martire: That's right.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Understood, and just a quick final question. Woody, I think your 3-year guidance would imply a pretty substantial acceleration in revenue and earnings growth in FY '15. Are you on track for that?
James W. Woodall: We have not adjusted our mid-year -- or mid-term guidance. We're staying in line with the same guidance that we had, which was 4% to 7% on the top, 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion, and the EPS as outlined in our previous guidance.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens Incorporated.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Congrats to all those folks who are moving around up there. The -- I think you talked a little bit about this, but I wanted to dig in a little bit because we think this is a really important driver. It's the global financial initiatives that you mentioned already, I think, Gary and Frank. Can you give us just -- I know that these deals are big, and they're moving through the pipeline. Can you give us just some anecdotal examples of how those things are progressing, how those conversations are going, any particular wins that have come out of that, small or large, this quarter? And then incremental spending plans, I know that's something that if this thing works, that may need more capital, and then I think you answered the margin question by saying that you expert margins to expand, but any other color on GFI?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. Let me take that one and then also we can address the margin as well. Hopefully, Brett, what we're trying to do is, every quarter, bring you some examples. So let's first talk about the investment. As you guys know, we invested more than $30 million in our go-to-market strategies in GFI, and I would tell you when we made that investment at the early part of this year, we also announced we'd be looking for proof points for success, and what we're doing is every quarter, trying to come back and give the market some insight in those proof points. We started very early on with one of the largest investment banks in the industry. They're in a very large chain sourcing deal. That transaction has gone exceptionally well. The team has done a very nice job of ramping up that service, and you're starting to see that flow through in our growth numbers in both our FSG and ISG segment. We also announced the Jefferies transaction, which is a very exciting transaction. That, too, is a later stage signing, so it's obviously earlier in the deployment cycle, but that, too, that project is going exceptionally well. And then, of course, this quarter, that Crédit Agricole utility that we just announced is very significant. That's one of the largest outsourcing contracts we've signed, and as a company, you know we've signed some significant ones. What's interesting about this one, this is truly a utility that allows us to bring on other investment banks to deal with their post-trade derivatives, and so we're excited about that opportunity. We got a nice pipeline of additional customers that are looking at coming on to that. So I would tell you right now, we're very pleased with the investment we chose to make in the early part of this year. We're also pleased with the results we're seeing. When you build on now, then you have to layer on the recent announcement around Clear2Pay. Clear2Pay, I talked about in my comments how it brings next-generation payment capabilities across a broad swath of payment channels. What's most interesting for us is their early penetration into some of these GFI institutions. So now you've got very robust consulting. That's been a proof point for the last 3 to 4 years. You now see us lead with multiple very large services engagements, and now you see us bringing the Clear2Pay asset up under that distribution channel with some of their early wins over the last several years being a leader in, really, payment transformation in that market. So we think all of those things would make us very comfortable with the direction, the investment we're making and the future success and profits of that market.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just to be clear on the margin, I think what Woody, you said before, that you fully, and I think, Frank, too, you fully expect margins to expand next year regardless of the mix, whether it's GFI heavy or not GFI heavy, did I hear that right?
James W. Woodall: You did, and if you think about this year, the incremental investment and the headwinds, we've still kind of guided to flat margin. So we don't anticipate incremental investment in those same level of resources, and we don't anticipate the same level of difficult comparisons. Therefore, the underlying traditional model is going to generate margin expansion.
Gary A. Norcross: Exactly. I mean, Brett, if you think about it, right, we had a large loss with M&I due to the acquisition and anniversary-ing those difficult comps out. We also chose to make an investment to actually break in to really a new market, and what you're seeing now is we're having enough success that, that market will self-sustain investment going forward. And so we, as a company, have always been able to generate margin expansion on our business, and that's going to continue into next year as these things anniversary out. Now on the various markets, the margins will expand at different rates, right? Some markets that we're in actually are -- we're deploying a product once across many, many financial institutions. We can expect to see more margin expansion, but even in our GFI market with services and the products that we now see the capabilities of pulling into that group, you're going to see margin expansion across all of our markets.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Ashish Sabadra calling on behalf of Bryan Keane. Let me add my congrats as well to both of you, Frank and Gray.
Frank R. Martire: Thank you.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you.
Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So a quick question on the international -- a quick follow-up to earlier question. So it looks like you have a solid momentum in Asia and EMEA, and then a slight slowdown in Latin America. But just as we think forward, how should we think about the FX impact and the momentum going into the business going forward in the international side?
James W. Woodall: Well, we're blended across the euro, the Brazilian real, the pound sterling and the rupee would be our major currencies. We do anticipate some headwind in the fourth quarter based on what the back half of September did in terms of currency movements. Again, we don't believe that to be significant to our earnings per share at this point, but it could impact reported growth by as much as 1 point, at least, is what we are anticipating. Again, our organic revenue growth, we pull that impact out, but don't anticipate it to be significant at the earnings level. Ultimately, because of the different geographies that we play in, we have some that are somewhat of a tailwind, somewhat -- some that are somewhat of a headwind, but at a blended rate, we don't see it as being a significant item for us at this point.
Gary A. Norcross: Okay. I think as far as the business goes, it's kind of the testament of our geographic disperse-ment. So if you think about it, Latin America or Brazil especially has been a very strong tailwind for us for the last several years. We've seen Asia as a very fast-growing market as well, but Europe has struggled, and we talked about that over the past. Now we see our European investments -- as we indicated very early on last year, we saw an early precursor of our consulting business was growing in Europe, and we said that's typically a precursor of now services contracts and then product, and now you've seen us lead with that very process, and you've seen Sainsbury and other big announcements that we've made. So now Europe's turned into a tailwind as the Brazilian economy's fallen a little bit. So really, it's our diversification, geographic disperse-ment of our business. It allows us -- comfortable to continue to maintain that double-digit growth in those markets on a blended rate.
Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great. A quick question on the EMV card conversion, you had highlighted on the last call a large win there. I was just wondering if you could give an update on that as well as if you can talk about the opportunity there with the EMV upgrade cycle.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, I appreciate the question. EMV, as we've shared with you before, we think, has got some potential to push our revenue stream, and certainly, we actually signed some other EMV contracts this quarter. So we do continue to see momentum growing there. As far as the one that we mentioned last quarter, everything's on target, and we're starting to issue those cards. So we feel good about our capabilities in EMV. Once again, we saw this very early and made the investments very early on. Our systems have been EMV capable for years because of our international processing capabilities, so we feel good about that.
Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great. And just wanted to clarify on the EMV. These are opportunities you are seeing, not just where you have a core processing presence, but maybe able to tap into these global financial institutions in the U.S., which may be doing the card conversion. Is that the right way to think about it?
Gary A. Norcross: Correct, correct, yes. We're signing more customers on to our EMV platform and generating EMV cards than just ones where we have core processing relationships, absolutely.
Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great. That's great. On the payment segment, slight improvement there. How should we think about the fourth quarter, and then going into fiscal year '15, what are the puts and takes in that particular segment?
James W. Woodall: Yes, we saw some heavier volumes in our NYCE business, and our debit business actually performed well in the quarter. We did see some licensing this quarter that we don't necessarily anticipate. It gets lumpy. So hard to say, but I would just state we are still looking at sort of low- to mid-single digit in that segment in terms of growth in the near future and in the foreseeable future.
Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great. One final question on the acquisition. So you mentioned the combination of the acquisition and the divestiture of Certegy that will be neutral to EPS next year. How should we think about the revenue? So you mentioned $135 million from Clear2Pay this year. Can you just talk about the growth rate, growth profile in that business, and then how much is the revenue loss from Certegy?
James W. Woodall: Yes, the Certegy gaming business on a stand-alone annualized basis is about $50 million. So depending on when we close, you have to model it out from there. We anticipate closing in April, so you can kind of model it out from there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Jefferies.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I know Clear2Pay is Belgium-based, but I think they have a number of U.S. clients as well. So I guess my question is, how will Clear2Pay's ongoing revenue sort of be divvied up? I mean should we expect a boost in the payment segment growth rate related to the company's U.S.-based clients? Or am I correct that there are -- there is a sizable U.S. business?
James W. Woodall: About 25% of the revenue currently is U.S.-based. You're correct, we do anticipate that to accelerate as we bring it into our distribution channel, and push it through our relationships and sales channels. So we do anticipate that to increase. The business, from a segmentation standpoint, is aligned based on geography. So that 20% will flow through the Financial Solutions segment, and the balance of the non-U.S. business will flow into the international segment -- I'm sorry, in the payment segment -- payment segment and the balance into the international segment.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. I wanted to revisit the EMV question. How are your unit economics different on an EMV card versus a mag stripe card ? I mean, I would assume that the EMV card is going to have a much higher ticket. How does the both sort of -- both the unit revenue and profitability for EMV versus mag stripe differ?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, it's a great question. You're exactly right. The ticket price is much higher on EMV, so you're going to see a nice revenue opportunity or we will in that business. Our unit volumes are still a lot less than what our mag stripe is. So profitability will rise as our volumes rise in that business, but we feel comfortable that we'll be able to attain and maintain the current profit margins we have in that business going forward.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just a perfunctory question around MCX, any new developments you can share, any incremental color? I know there was some media chatter about a potential data breach on their system during this beta period. That didn't touch you guys, I'm assuming. Anything you can share on MCX?
Gary A. Norcross: No, it didn't touch us at all. We heard the same chatter. I think it was around some e-mail issues, but it had no relation to us whatsoever. As far as the pilot we shared with you, the pilot last quarter, the pilot continues to progress, and I think they're on target for the dates they've described. So we feel -- we still feel good about the relationship and the ongoing opportunity.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Sashi Tanuku with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's actually Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. My congratulations as well to Frank and Gary. My question is on Capco. If you could talk about how they're doing stand-alone as well as in terms of continuing to pull new projects and new contracts into the mix.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, I appreciate you asking. In fact, just last week, I was out meeting with all of our Capco partners. The quick answer is the group really just couldn't be performing better. We feel great about that acquisition, and what they've been able to accomplish. We've seen very strong year-over-year growth. We're continuing to see the number of customers, so actually, the revenues being generated from a far greater client pool than in past. The partners and all of the teams are executing very well. We've now grown that business to over 3,000 consultants, and it's still split pretty evenly between Europe and the U.S., and we continue to see and expect great things out of that group going forward. The team's excited about the results. You've seen it now move from just base consulting where they used to have a very short term turnover to now. We've got a much longer-term revenue stream as we're signing up much longer-term services engagements, and we're also seeing opportunities as we are starting to bring some product in. So all of that, I would say, that's been a fantastic acquisition for us, Ashwin, and it's going to continue to contribute strategically to FIS.
Frank R. Martire: And all the metrics we put in place, they've exceeded every metrics that we've established for them, so quite pleased.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's good to hear. The second question I have, probably one of the more frequent questions I get from investors is with regards to margin improvement at FIS. And as we look at some of these earlier GFI-type contracts that you've signed, do you see the prospect for margin improvement in that portfolio because many of those contracts are either international or consulting led, which means that the early margins from those ought to be lower, but do you see margin improvement in that base for the earlier signed ones?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, we do, Ashwin. So if you think about our business and where we're focused, you've got our North American business that we talk about quite a bit. It's a one-to-many model. You see the margins we generate there, and we'll continue to see margin expansion. We're going to get greater margin expansion there than we will in our other markets. Our international market, you'll see it come into more of the middle of where you would expect in between the GFI and in between the North American business. You're going to see that margin expand as well. We've got the India ATM deal. We're well into that. You're starting to see volumes ramp, and with those volumes, you'll see margins continue to grow in that group, so we feel good about that. GFI, specifically, actually, as we've grown the consulting business -- you're right, it is a lower margin, but as we've grown that consulting business and brought on more scale in that consulting business, we've seen the team's done a very nice job in consulting growing those margins, the services deal as well, those long-term nature, those come in at higher margins than traditional consulting but still lower to the overall company. Those margins will continue to grow as well, and then you've got the product capability. So that's a long-winded answer to we do believe that all of our businesses, while they'll have different margin characteristics, they'll all grow in the future.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's good to hear. If I could squeeze in one question on security because that's another very frequent question, what we call the data breaches and all that kind of stuff. The -- I guess the basic question is cost of opportunity, right. I mean, you guys need to spend more on security. To what extent can you monetize as well from either a sales standpoint or pass-through standpoint?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, it's a great question, and we've talked about this in the past that there is no such thing as being secure, right? We see the rise in continued attacks across all the financial services. As you know, we've gone through an amazing investment cycle ourself over the last 3 years. So I would say the quick answer is, as you do that ramp, any organization in the early days, it is a cost. It does then translate, and we're seeing that now translate into an opportunity for us. I think, as you make those investments and as you implement those best practices, the reality is that drives continued success and drives more business on to our platform. So it went from the early stage for us as a cost to now we talk about it through our sales cycle. People see the investments we made, the benefits that can grow to the financial institution, and I think that's one of the things that's helping us with our sales success. Is it going to continue to escalate? The answer -- in other words, is the cost going to continue to escalate? The answer is yes, but I think it's on a much more normalized rate, right. So now, there is a big ramp for all IT services company, though, to have to get their environments to where, frankly, most of the new standards have risen to, and we feel comfortable we're there, but we also know we're going to have to continue to invest. This is going to be an ongoing diligence that we're going to have to focus on, but certainly, our customers are seeing the advantage of that investment. Frankly, our prospects are as well, and we think it's one of the things that's allowing us to continue to grow and take share in the markets we serve.
Operator: I'll now turn the call back over to Frank for closing comments.
Frank R. Martire: Thanks, everyone, for your questions and your continued interest in FIS. In closing, I'd like to attribute our long-term success to the commitment and loyalty of our clients, the dedication of our employees and the support of our shareholders. We have the strongest leadership team in the industry. I am proud to be associated with our collective success, and I look forward to the future as the Executive Chairman of FIS and working closely with Gary and the management team. Once again, thanks for joining us on today's call.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 10:30 a.m. today, running through November 13, 2014, at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701, and entering the access code 338359. International participants may dial 1 (320) 365-3844, and again, the access code is 338359. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Nancy Murphy – Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Frank R. Martire – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Gary A. Norcross – President, Chief Operating Officer and Director James W. Woodall – Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer Brett Huff – Stephens Inc. Darrin Peller – Barclays Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank Ashwin Shirvaikar – Citi Investment Research David Togut – Evercore Partners Inc. Daniel R. Perlin – RBC Capital Markets Tien-Tsin T. Huang – JP Morgan David J. Koning – Robert W. Baird & Co. Peter Heckmann – Avondale Partners Georgios Mihalos – Crédit Suisse 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator instructions) And as a reminder, today's teleconference call is being recorded. At this time I would turn the conference call over to your host, Ms. Nancy Murphy. Please go ahead.
Nancy Murphy: Thank you, Tony. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Frank Martire, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a summary of our financial performance. Gary Norcross, President and Chief Operating Officer, will follow with the operations report, and Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the detailed financial review. Today's news release and the supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Let me remind you that today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on Slide 3 of the presentation. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. These non-GAAP measures are outlined on Slide 4. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank to discuss the financial highlights on Slide 6. Frank?
Frank R. Martire: Thanks, Nancy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I am pleased to open the morning’s call by reporting that the second quarter proved to be another strong quarter for FIS. Once again we delivered profitable organic growth, continuing our record of consistent performance in line with expectations. We continue to execute our global growth strategy with a focus on optimizing our business and delivering strategic value to our clients. We remain confident in our 2014 outlook and focus on driving superior returns for our shareholders. Looking at details of the quarter revenue increased by 6% in total to $1.6 billion, and year-to-date to $3.1 billion. This marks our 18th consecutive quarter of organic revenue growth. Adjusted earnings per share rose 6% to $0.75. Strong cash flow and disciplined capital allocation enabled us to return a record $463 million to our shareholders in dividends and share repurchases in the first six months of the year, and finally we achieved strong sales execution in the quarter and are entering the second half of the year with a robust pipeline. We are excited about the growth opportunities for our business as the global financial service landscape evolves. Our results reflect our unmatched combination of technology, services and consulting solutions, which drive transformational change for our clients. We continue to align our investments with market opportunities and client needs to drive profitable growth. Our first half results and consistent performance reinforce our confidence in achieving our 2014 goals. It also highlights the strength of our operating model and continuous steady execution, which is consistent with our growth strategy to deliver value and profitable results to our clients and shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Gary for our business strategy and operating highlights. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, Frank, and thanks again to everyone for joining us this morning. Turning to Slide 8, as Frank discussed, the second quarter was another strong quarter for FIS. Our market focused approach and investment and innovation in service related offerings have delivered strong business results and our emphasis on overall operational efficiency continues to translate to consistent, profitable growth for FIS. In the quarter, we reported strong sales with good deal flow and key strategic wins across all markets. We further strengthened our pipeline across all segments and the markets they serve. We continue to expand our solution footprint through investing in our platforms and targeted acquisitions. This includes our recent acquisition of Reliance Financial, which I will discuss in a few minutes, and we continue to reaffirm our investment strategy to better penetrate the global financial institution market with strong indications this focus is driving increased traction, which we expect will translate into higher revenue and profit growth for the company, but will create some near-term margin constraints. All of this allows us to remain well positioned to capitalize on the increasing industry demand for scalable outsourced solutions and services. We identified this trend early and began positioning FIS to deliver these capabilities on a global scale. Today our unique business model encompassing financial technology, outsourced solutions and consulting services is driving transformational change for our clients. We have captured a steady stream of new wins and expanded business by meeting pressing industry needs for efficiency, growth, security and improved customer experience. This represents a re-occurring theme for today’s conversation. Turning to the markets, in North America we had a very strong sales quarter with several large strategic wins reflecting renewed market demand and continued confidence in our depth and breath of solutions, delivery excellence and transformational capabilities. First I would like to highlight a significant competitive win involving one of the industry’s highly respected and innovative banking brands, a win that we believe represents one of the largest EMV contracts to date in the US. Starting in October, FIS will replace 10 million magnetic stripe cards with new Chip-and-PIN technology over a 24 month period. This relationship with a client known for its industry first underscores FIS’ ability to lead the industry and bring transformational technology to the markets we serve. Our experience, best in class platform, delivery capabilities and commitment to security resulted in this win against a strong competitive landscape. We are very pleased to have been selected and are excited with our leadership role in this space. Next I would like to highlight Bank Leumi USA, who selected FIS to deliver a unified core banking and wealth management platform to provide a universal view of its customers’ portfolios. This common platform and single point of access for customer accounts provides consolidated data for tracking analytics in a simpler interface for risk monitoring and response. This sophisticated and transformational solution also supports our specific risk and regulatory requirements. The solution will be fully outsourced to FIS and will include a suite of front-end e-banking and e-payment solutions designed to simplify customer interactions across accounts and improve customer services. Lastly, we are pleased to highlight our recent acquisition of Reliance Financial, which expands our solution capabilities in the growing wealth management market. Combining our current wealth-based solution technology with Reliance’s services capabilities and seasoned leadership team creates an end-to-end outsourced solution, and it expands the strategic value and services we bring to our client base, enabling us to efficiently serve this growing market. This business serves more than 200 clients today, and is expected to double in size over the next five years. We believe this will be a powerful addition to FIS. Switching to our international segment, we achieved 12% organic revenue growth, while continuing to drive strong demand for our solutions across all regions with a number of significant new deals closing during the quarter. Starting with Asia, this market delivered significant opportunities with organizations looking to serve the underbanked and emerging payment sectors. For example, you will recall our success last year in launching Mahila Bank, India’s first bank, aimed at the financial empowerment of the country’s women. This has been followed this quarter by Shivalik, an Indian co-operative bank, who has selected FIS to deliver a completely outsourced banking solution. This trend towards banking utility models is also visible in other countries as banks are looking to FIS to help drive efficiency and best practices. Meanwhile, our ATM outsourcing growth in India continues with new business wins with Bank of India, Karnataka Bank, [Muthoot Finance] joining a long list of major players relying on FIS to install, operate and maintain their payments infrastructure. We also continued to find success for our core banking technology with banks wishing to keep their processing in-house. As an example, Philippine National Bank has selected to deployed FIS core banking platform after its merger with Allied Banking Corporation. This core replacement now takes us to four out of the top 10 banks running our core systems in the Philippines. I’m also pleased to report that CIMB Thai has signed with FIS for credit card processing, positioning us in Thailand’s growing card processing market. In addition, the Bank of Philippine Islands, BPI, has joined the growing list of financial institutions migrating onto FIS switching products and represents one of three switching deals we concluded in Asia-Pacific this quarter. In Europe, we are continuing to make good progress on our major projects with Sainsbury Bank and ING. The Sainsbury migration took a major step forward this quarter, with the first technology deliverables that form the base for the banks infrastructure. Meanwhile at ING, the bank is continuing to make good progress on its transformation project based on FIS’ core banking platform. Moving to Latin America, our business continues to perform well and grow despite a slower macroeconomic environment. In Brazil, where we are the largest third-party card processor through our joint venture with Bradesco we saw another quarter of growth in cards and transaction volumes. We continue to believe this market provides a long growth runway driven by the secular shift from cash to card-based digital payments. In addition to these highlighted projects, we continue to generate positive momentum with existing deployments and expand business with established client relationships. Record attendance at our annual international client conference hosted in June enhanced our robust pipeline and our full-year outlook in the international market, which remained strong and on target. Next we continue to make good progress in our growth of the global financial institutions market and remain pleased with our early results. Our strategic investments in this market show early signs of progress. Our pipeline is growing and we are continuing to close large strategic transformational deals. As we referenced on our last earnings call, early in the second quarter, global investment banking firm Jefferies selected FIS as its long-term strategic technology partner to deliver IT transformational services worldwide. As a single source provider, FIS brings needed expertise in change management and outsourcing, financial technology and capital market consulting capabilities, enabling Jefferies to manage cost and maximize gains for greater efficiencies. This is a value proposition that is unique in our industry and unmatched by our competitors. Additionally at the end of last year, we told you about our innovation strategy to incubate early stage exploratory consulting services focused on disruptive technologies that are changing the industry and defining new customer interaction models. We are pleased to announce that we have closed our first engagement with a very large and prominent retail bank that first experiences exploratory consulting approach through one of our innovation centers. Using this approach, we have defined a unique solution that is centered on the modern lifestyle and combines digital technology in a physical environment. This innovative new solution will deliver an entirely new way for this bank to interact with and add value to its customers. These early results and our increasing pipeline continue to fuel our confidence for investing in this market. Turning to Slide 9, and before I turn it over to Woody, let me take a minute to recap a few key points. We had a strong second quarter and we are proud of the results and our performance in the first half of the year. Our strong quarter reflects a combination of new wins, implementations and expanded client relationships. We remain committed to optimizing our business and delivering strategic value to our clients, which is central to our global growth strategy. We will continue to invest in the markets and solutions that are central to driving profitable growth. Now I'll turn it over to Woody for the financial report. 
James W. Woodall:  Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 11 with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter. Consolidated revenue increased 6% on a reported basis and 5% on an organic basis to $1.6 billion driven by growth in all markets. Adjusted EBITDA increased 3% to $466 million, while the EBITDA margin was 29.2%, a decrease of 60 basis points from the prior year quarter reflecting a change in revenue mix, including higher growth in international markets, consulting and services as well as increased investment in the global financial institutions market. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations increased to $217 million from $210 million, and adjusted earnings per share increased 6%, to $0.75 per share, from $0.71 per share in the prior year quarter. For the first half of 2014, adjusted revenue increased 5% on a reported basis and 4% organically to $3.1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased 4% to $914 million and the EBITDA margin was 29.2% compared to 29.4% in the prior year period. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations increased 6% to $417 million and adjusted earnings per share increased 8% to $1.43 per share. As we discussed in prior quarters, termination fees in 2013 related to the BMO M&I merger, resulted in a revenue headwind of about 100 basis points in the second quarter 2014. This headwind was partially offset by contractual fees related to Umpqua Bank’s acquisition of Sterling Bank. These fees contributed approximately 80 basis points to Q2 2014 revenue growth and are non-recurring in nature. As we discussed last quarter, this important win of the outsourced processing of the combined banks significantly increases the long-term value of this relationship. We are pleased with these results, which are consistent with our outlook for the year.  Now I will continue on Slide 12 with a review of segment results. Financial Solutions revenue was $629 million, an increase of 6% on an organic basis, reflecting growth in consulting, professional services and digital banking. Results also include the contractual fees related to the Umpqua Sterling win I referenced. Financial Solutions EBITDA increased 8% to $249 million, while EBITDA margin expanded 20 basis points year-over-year to 39.6%. Turning to Slide 13, Payment Solutions revenue was $624 million, about flat with the prior year quarter, reflecting growth in network solutions, bill payment services and image and output solutions offset by lower termination fees. Payment Solutions EBITDA was $253 million and the EBITDA margin was 40.6%, down from 42.2% in the second quarter of 2013, primarily reflecting lower termination fees and revenue mix. As a reminder, looking forward to the third quarter the Payment segment has difficult year-over-year comparisons due to elevated license sales and termination fees in the third quarter 2013. Also this segment has a seasonal trend of lower sequential revenue in the third quarter due to the increased volumes for processing tax payments in the second quarter. Moving to Slide 14, International revenue was $347 million and grew 12% organically in the quarter. We continue to see organic growth across all major regions, including strong double-digit growth in Europe and Asia and continuing growth in Latin America. International EBITDA increased 11% to $73 million, EBITDA margin was 21.1%, down 70 basis points primarily reflecting increased investment in the global financial institutions market. As Gary discussed, we are pleased with our early progress in the global financial institutions market. Consistent with our plan in the first half we have invested an incremental $15 million primarily to expand our dedicated client teams and are on track with the $30 million for the full year. We expect revenue growth in this market to gain traction late in 2014 and into 2015. Corporate expense was $109 million, unchanged from the prior year, reflecting diligent cost management. We expect corporate expenses to remain at a similar level for the remainder of the year.  Moving on to a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP EPS on Slide 15, GAAP earnings increased to $0.62 per share. Second quarter 2014 GAAP results are adjusted to exclude $0.13 per share in acquisition-related purchase amortization. The effective tax rate was 30% in the second quarter of 2014 and in the prior year quarter. Both periods reflect favorable resolution of certain tax matters of about $0.04 per share. We continue to expect an effective tax rate of 33% to 34% for the full year 2014. Moving onto cash flow on Slide 16, adjusted cash flow from operations totaled $245 million, up from $199 million in the second quarter 2013. Capital expenditures were $97 million consistent with our target of 5.5% to 6% of revenue through the first half of 2014. Free cash flow increased to $149 million from $115 million in the second quarter 2013. As a reminder, free cash flow conversion in the second half of the year is historically higher than the first half due to timing of payments, including taxes and incentives. Turning to Slide 17, we returned approximately $219 million to shareholders in the second quarter, including $68 million in dividends [Indiscernible] to repurchase 2.8 million shares in the open market. Repurchase activity reduced our weighted average diluted shares to 289.2 million in the second quarter, from 294.3 million last year. At the end of the quarter, basic and diluted shares outstandings were 284.6 million and 288.4 million, respectively. Approximately 1.7 billion remains under our repurchase authorization and we expect to repurchase shares throughout the second half of 2014. Moving on to the balance sheet, debt totaled $4.9 billion. In June we issued 1 billion in new senior notes to refinance existing debt at lower rates and to extend the duration of our capital structure. In July we completed the redemption of 500 million 7.875% notes and expect to record a third-quarter charge for costs related to the refinancing activities of approximately $0.08 per share. The refinancing results in a reduction in our weighted average interest rate to 3.2%, which was anticipated, and our leverage ratio was 2.6x, and we continue to target a ratio at or slightly below 2.5x debt-to-EBITDA. As Gary mentioned, we are pleased to have completed the acquisition of Reliance Financial in mid-July, which provide long-term growth opportunities in the wealth management space. In 2014, we expect the acquisition to be neutral to EPS and provide a slight revenue tailwind as we build our sales pipeline. Moving on to Slide 18, we are reaffirming our outlook for 2014, including organic revenue growth of 4.5% to 6.5%; adjusted EBITDA growth of 4.5% to 6.5%; adjusted earnings per share in a range of $3.05 to $3.16 per share, reflecting growth of 8% to 12%; and free cash flow approximating adjusted net earnings. To add further color to Q3, we continue to see line of sight through accelerated revenue growth towards the higher end of our guidance range. As we have previously described, this growth includes international consulting and services which come on at lower margins. Additionally we have difficult comparisons due to elevated termination fees and license sales noted in the third quarter last year. As a result, we expect pressure on year-over-year EBITDA margin comparisons in Q3.  In summary, we're pleased with our first half financial performance and our outlook for the full year 2014. We remain focused on executing our growth strategy, generating strong profitability and cash flows and deploying capital in value enhancing ways. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the line for questions.
Nancy Murphy: Operator, can you open up the line for questions please.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) The first question in queue will come from Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer:  Yes, thank you. Good morning.
Frank R. Martire: Good morning.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer: I guess – I guess a few questions, first I guess I will just sort of start on the Woody’s last comment at the end there, maybe just give us a little bit of color around the visibility towards the higher end of the organic revenue growth and sort of – frame sort of the margin pressures sort of the same dynamic that you have been talking about of – lower revenue – the revenue mix sort of causing that impact on the margins perhaps faster consulting and international growth?
James W. Woodall: Yes, as we described – as we laid out guidance for the first half of the year, we anticipated growth to grow in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year. We have seen that. We saw 4% organic in Q1, 5% organic in Q2, which was a little bit of a tailwind. We were excited about that growth, but we anticipate continuing to see accelerated growth in the back half of the year. In conjunction with that growth, those will be more in the international revenue growth. It will be more in the consulting and services area. Again those don’t come on at the same margins as traditional processing revenue. If you combine that with some of the large license sales and termination fees that we noted in last year’s Q3, it is going to put some pressure on EBITDA margin, but again seeing that accelerated revenue growth that we anticipated.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer: And then maybe for Gary there was a lot of commentary, a lot of deal activity, it sounded like a bunch of new wins, maybe you could just sort of frame sort of the sales environment relative to what it has been, three, six, nine months ago as to – is your commentary, does it imply that you are seeing a pickup in activity, does this give you more confidence about accelerating growth not only in the back half of ’14, but into ’15?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Glenn, no, it is a great question. We are very confident, what we are seeing in the sales and excited about the results. The sales team is operating very well across North America, the international group and in the global financial group. Our pipeline continues to go up in all markets. We are seeing great deal flow, which is – which is exciting. So we are seeing stuff run through the pipeline on a faster basis and our sales success is up significantly over last year. So we do feel confident about the back half of the year, and we do feel good about next year. To Woody’s point, I’m actually pleased to see the growth in the services business, in the processing business and less licensing fee and less term fee. It gives you a much more stable revenue growth curve that allows you to run the business in a much more effective way. So we’re pretty bullish on where things are headed and the opportunity that exists in front of us.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer: All right, I have got some more questions, but I will jump back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Brett Huff with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Good morning everybody.
Frank R. Martire: Good morning Brett.
James W. Woodall: Good morning Brett.
Brett Huff – Stephens Inc.: Few questions, first of all, just to follow up on the trends from additional deals Gary that you mentioned, can you give us a sense of sort of what you see out there? I think there are sort of two at least that I think of are two buckets, one is sort of the more traditional core deals that you all had one in a legacy way and then the new sort of IT infrastructure deals, I know that the global effort is sort of barking up both of those trees, but can you give us a sense for more specifically how those pipelines are developing, is there a region where you are feeling like there is going to be some activity soon. Can you give us a little more color on that?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. No, I mean I think it is – it is interesting what we are seeing across all markets. Just the classic deals that we traditionally sold, where it was a product, a single product and an implementation, even a single product on an outsourcing basis. While we are continuing to see that in the international market, frankly across [EFI] and even across North America we are seeing deals that are much more transformational in nature. Not only will they have intellectual property and capital, but really a long term services component, where we are taking a huge piece of that infrastructure. I think that transformational opportunity that you are probably referencing is the Jefferies deal that we just announced. But what we are seeing is even in that market right you have got very large institutions, needing to reduce their cost in a very material way to take a whole bunch of disparate applications and pull them together and wrap best practices around it, streamline the overall operations, reduce application complexity and deliver it over a long-term value proposition so they can not only control their cost, but drive efficiencies as they grow their business. And we are seeing these kind of engagements, where frankly it puts FIS in a very unique position. They are just not where we can really think of any competitor I think bring the capabilities around product, bring the capabilities around service and then bring the capabilities around consulting expertise to drive all that together to truly drive that long-term result. So we see it with the signing of Jefferies, we’re seeing it in our pipeline execution. Frankly even backup of some of the large deals that we announced where we look at what we’re doing with Sainsbury when you look at – what we are doing, things we are doing with the Umpqua, these are deals that all have, all of those components. So it's not just product lead it's a comprehensive product suite, it's wrapped around with those types of services and IT infrastructure. And when we look at our pipeline Brat, we have got more and more those types of deals coming into the queue.
Frank R. Martire: So, Brett these are now one-off opportunities when you look at Jefferies and some others, we have a very strong pipeline that supports that they will continue and thus many those that will come.
Brett Huff – Stephens Inc.: That’s helpful and then second question on margins, I know there is in taking some of these larger deals on with more of a mixed component not just product driven that it has a little bit of a degradation impact on margins, as you guys think forward over the next year or two years on medium term, do we still feel like that we are going to grow margins by 50 basis points for give or take overtime even with that mixed shift?
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think as we talked about before. It depends on where the revenues come from. If they continue to come at a faster pace internationally and at a faster pace in these deals that have a lower overall margin profile, it will be difficult to continue to expand margins every year on that basis. However, we will also think at that same time, we would accelerate top line growth higher than that 5% of what we have seen over the last few years.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, we have been real clear about that Brett. We fundamentally will give up a little bit of margin to accelerate the top end of the growth curve and we are seeing those results. Do we think there is margin expansion in the business? Absolutely, you continue to see us hold our corporate numbers flat, you continue to see us execute very well where appropriate cost need to be taken out but obviously we are pushing the company to a higher growth curve and would expect those results.
Frank R. Martire: And to add a little more color, just to be clear, we would expect profit growth to accelerate and we would trade margin expansion to trying to accelerate that profit growth faster than we have today.
Brett Huff – Stephens Inc.: On a dollar basis you mean?
Frank R. Martire: On a dollar basis. That's correct.
Brett Huff – Stephens Inc.: Okay, that’s all I needed. Thanks guys.
Frank R. Martire: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Darrin Peller with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller - Barclays: Thanks guys. Look I just want to start off first with understanding sort of one-time items mainly around the term fees again only because just talking to margins, obviously margins, if we back out the $14 million from last year in our estimate your margin would have actually expanded about 40 basis points year-over-year during the quarter, are there any other moving parts? I think there was a benefit in the financial segment, right? That maybe would be impacting margins this quarter, just we get a sense of what was normalized growth and margin expansion after backing all the one-time non-operating items? 
James W. Woodall: Yes, we had a contractual fees related to Umpqua Sterling Banks transaction that was about an 80 basis points tailwind this quarter. So if we are looking at just to give you some color around sort of one-times or non-recurring items in the quarter. Additionally, we continue to invest in the global financial institution market this year which has an incremental $30 million headwind year-over-year. That was about $7 million or $8 million in the quarter. So that's about 40 basis points or so of headwind in the quarter. So there are some moving parts but we are just trying to give you there some color around where those parts are as we flow through the year.
Darrin Peller - Barclays: That helps, thanks. And then just I guess I was going to ask about the $30 million anyway so following up on that point, can you give us a little sense as to what the effectiveness has been, I mean again I think your goal is to really focus on a top 30 clients try to harvest more business out of them by moving some of your experts from the consulting side of the business over and back filling. How is that being going? Any traction, any new (inaudible)?
Frank R. Martire: Yes, I think Darren it's going very well. We are very pleased on it, try to provide some color in the script. When you look at the Jefferies win, it's direct result of that investment. We have announced another large win prior around unfortunately some of these global institutions don't allow you to expose their name in our earlier call. We are seeing great momentum in the pipeline to where these points we are right on track with our investment, you are exactly right. What we did was we hired really sales team if you want to think about it, client relationships teams dedicated to these top financial institutions. So they are a team and they are built around the global client partner. Their expectation, our expectation of that engagement is to drag all the things I discussed, not only in consulting and services but also product and processing and we are seeing strong results around that and seeing the strong pipeline as it grows to what these points mix is all different but the deals are long term in nature. Our pipeline actually has grown more in GFI than it has in the other markets but it's grown across all the markets which would indicate that this level investment there was some pin up demand in those markets and we are executing against it. So we feel good about the investment today.
Gary A. Norcross: And Darren, it's not just the number of wins but it’s the size of the win. They are large deals for us and a lot of recurring revenue associated with it.
Darrin Peller – Barclays: Yes that's great. I mean chilling obviously in the financial segment of the international segment and certainly help you get to the strong guidance results high end in the guidance and trajectory next year. One last question though on the payment side, that's the one area where it didn't look as strong just based on I guess flattish growth than if you back out the term fee maybe just couple of per say growth, can you give us a little more granularity as to what the moving parts are and what's really driving sort of the upside versus the holding it back right now and if that should change and--
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, now it's a great question. If you really peel back through PSG we have some business lines that actually really did perform very well. We saw some strong growth in money movement and our network business etcetera. But your point out is exactly right, we did have the brawn of the large term fee from M&I hit back particular segment just so happens as the way they fell last year and while we grew through it on the revenue line as those term fees come on at a 100% margins roughly as well software license as then you sell through that is not going to be able to fill that profit on the same manner. Frankly when we look, payment is just an interesting situation about Q2 and Q3 of this year. We’ve got some very difficult task for that particular segment, lot of license fees flowed, lot of term fees flowed through that segment last year. And one of the things we continue to see is our software licenses just continue to stare a step down which is positive for us long term, back at Frank’s point about long reoccurring revenue streams and it makes it much more predictable and makes frankly much more confident in what the future holds. But, those things do provide little lumpiness in the bottom line for us.
Darrin Peller – Barclays: Okay guys, thanks very much.
Frank R. Martire: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank, please go ahead.
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank: Hi guys, good morning. Just wanted to ask about – just on the term fees, how much were in the quarter just versus last year, just wanted to make sure the right numbers?
James W. Woodall: The term fees that really called out last year were mostly around BMO M&I, we talked about that being a $40 million number, we talked about 70% of that being in the first half of the year ratably between first quarter, second quarter and again between financial and payments about 70% again within payments versus financial. So, kind of sketch that math out that lot one, the specifics of those term fees are in the quarter last year.
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank: And there is really none this year?
James W. Woodall: Well, not necessarily term fees, we always have some level of term fees in the year typically we churn out to call those analysts that are truly significant for you guys and we didn’t have anything that was really significant in terms of term fees.
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, with some of the margin headwinds and obviously ramp up strong of the organic growth in the mix of business just trying to get a sense for EBITDA margins for the full year, does that mean and/or can you just quantify that what that means for this year, for the EBITDA margins on a year-over-year basis?
Gary A. Norcross: As we talked and we guidance, we expected EBITDA margins to be in line with revenue growth or EBITDA growth to be in line with revenue growth. We added some color to say, if we see revenue growth towards the higher end of that range and if it comes in more of the international space and consulting and services space, you may see EBITDA margin at the lower end of that growth profile. So it will put some pressure on margins this year, how we ultimately pan out for the year will depend on where the actual revenue flows but it will put some pressure on overall margin expansion for the year.
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, just finally on the third quarter in particular, there is I think a high level license fees last year, just trying to get a sense of how big that was, how big that hurls that is to jump over?
James W. Woodall: I think we called out in a combination of the script and or the margin expansion last year, I’ve to go back and double check. But, I know we saw, I think about 170 basis points of margin expansion in FSG and about a 175 of expansion in PSG, a lot of that was driven off of term fees as well as license fees last year, I think we called out the specifics around that.
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Actually, I’m just going to sneak in one last one. On the payment segment, I understand the comp gets tough and there is still tough in the third quarter and then does it start to expand then in the fourth quarter or is that also difficult comp for the payment segment?
Frank R. Martire: I think a lot less in terms of difficult comps for the segment, second and third quarter just had sort of heavy one times in it, we’ve tried the highlight for you, but it’s an easier comp in the four.
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank: Okay, great, congrats on the good quarter.
Frank R. Martire: Thanks Bryan.
Operator: And our next question in queue will come Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi, please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar – Citi Investment Research: Thank you, good guys.
Frank R. Martire: Good morning Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar – Citi Investment Research: My congratulations, good quarter here. My first question is, you guys have had some pretty strong signings here not just this quarter but the last many quarters, and I think it would help investors if you give us some idea of the conversion of these signings into revenues, I know these tend to be longer term, it can be often 12, 18, 24 month type conversions, but what are we looking at in terms of a potential acceleration of top line?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Ashwin we’re trying to give some color on that and more trying to continue to work and give you more insight over the cause. But, if you look, I talked about the deal flow through that pipeline not only are we building pipeline, we’re seeing good churn on the pipeline meaning we’re seeing decisions, obviously you don’t win every decision in the market. We would tell you, if we did, but what we’re seeing is, is great deal flow through the pipeline and we’re continuing to see growth in the pipeline. So, not only are we seeing good deal churn we’re actually replacing that pipeline and the pipeline is growing and our sale success has been growing consistently quarter-over-quarter and in Q2 it was a very big quarter. To your point, how we’re on-boarding some these larger deals, some of these deals depends on the type of engagement we have, I highlighted Sainsbury Bank major milestone this quarter getting their IT infrastructure established. We’re seeing great, so that project is big and complex as it is, which I know a lot of the times these things around the industry will drag out. We hear stories about people’s project getting elongated beyond the original pro forma. This one is right on schedule and so we feel very good about executing, we got other milestones in Q3 and Q4 and you will see that probably on-boarded by Q1 of next year, so feel good about that. ING is another one, very complex, very large transpiration project worldwide once again that project continues hit every milestone, we’re seeing revenue associated with both of those deals come on in the manner that we thought. The ATM deals are great examples as well, we announced a very, very large contract and it’s going to ramp up to $100 million revenue, actually that ATM deployment is right on schedule and in couple other regions. In India, we’re actually a little ahead of our deployment schedule and we’re seeing a transaction volumes come up within pro forma. So all of these things, the deal flow is important and we’re seeing in, frankly as I answered on another question, we’re seeing an acceleration of deal flow. We’re seeing, decisions are starting to be made on a shorter time period, some of these large complex deals still take 12 plus months to go through sales cycle because they’re larger, they’re more complex, but we’re seeing deal flow accelerate. We’re seeing pipeline accelerate and we’re seeing our sales success and signings accelerate, so all of that makes us pretty confident about the second half of the year, makes us confident about 2015 and we think the strategy is working very well at this point.
Frank R. Martire: And Ashwin, where this commentary is coming, we continue to see – accelerate revenue growth towards the high end of our guidance range. So, actually we’re trying to see some of that result right now.
Ashwin Shirvaikar – Citi Investment Research: And then, just to clarify that particular comment, you meant on a full year basis or second half, when you said high end?
James W. Woodall: That was specific to the third quarter color standpoint, but to give you guys we anticipate this first half to be slower, second half to be faster and we’re seeing good line of side.
Ashwin Shirvaikar – Citi Investment Research: Got it. One other questions, obviously completely support the focus on operating profit as opposed to a margin number and operating profit increasing at a faster phase, now having said that when I look at some of these factors that have been pressuring margins international for example, and consulting growth, at what point, given that consulting is pretty much, I think the consulting headcount is kind of tripled in a couple of years here and international may go into country like the Philippines for example, three banks becomes four banks, five banks, your revenue gets spread over the cost. Shouldn’t that ease some of the margin pressure?
James W. Woodall: Absolutely, I mean, as we normalize our mix, I think the way you’re saying and as you see expansion in countries, yes, management expects, they start saying obviously some margin tailwinds around some of these businesses and frankly we’re seeing some evidence of that. The consulting business you reference has continued to perform very well and obviously we want to keep that growth going and our consulting business is coming on at very traditional margins of what other large consulting groups are doing. There is a lot of opportunity around the globe to continue to sell out products, but now we absolutely believe that there is margin expansion in the business long term. I do think you will see some lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter but we not only think we will get operating profit growth, but we do think long term will get some margin expansion and we’ll continue to see that.
Ashwin Shirvaikar – Citi Investment Research: Got it, thank you guys.
Frank R. Martire: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from David Togut with Evercore, please go ahead.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc.: Thank you, good morning everybody.
Frank R. Martire: Good morning, David.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc.: Gary, on the last call you indicated that there was an opportunity to expand the India ATM contract to add a few new circles I believe, can you update us there on potential expansion opportunities?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, we’re starting to actually see that but in a circle concept, it’s a good question David. We haven’t seen entire circles come back around, what we’re starting to see in our reference some of them in the call with Muthoot Financial and Bank of India and others, we’re starting to see ATM expansion right, not only in public sector banks but non-public sector banks. But, we’re starting to see some of the large public sector banks that are struggling and circles come to companies like FIS and allowing us to deploy, even in circles we didn’t win and we’re starting to see more and more of that because they do have their numbers, they’ve got to get out, they’ve got to grow their business. So, we’ve seen a complete circle comeback around, no, I’m not saying that it won’t happen, but it still remains. They’re certain circles that are struggling throughout India and we continue to take market share based on our results and the team has just done a phenomenal job in India. We got a great leadership team over there and they are really shining against the competition in deployment of these environments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Dan Perlin with RBC, please go ahead.
Daniel R. Perlin – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. So I guess kind of a longer term picture, I am just wondering and not the hamper on the margin so much but as you think about kind of your pipeline and you obviously have a very good line of site into what’s going to look like and the business kind of contextually is changing quite a bit, I am just wondering when you think about the ability for the business to actually produce margin expansion, not absolute dollar growth but actual margin expansion into ’15 and beyond just longer term, is the cost structure appropriate today or you thinking that you are just kind of get to that point via leverage because my sense of what I am hearing is that it's not going to take longer than ’15 even if we exclude the $30 million.
James W. Woodall: Well, I think you might think about in terms of markets. If you look at our North American market which is more of our traditional business, you will continue to see margin expansion as sales in that leveraged environment come on at higher margins than the average corporate margins. If you look at the global financial institution market, a lot of that is around consulting and services and it's a pull through of product but there are always services in that sales process, those we don't expect to come on at the same level of margin as our traditional business. And then the international group, we anticipate continuing to expand margins with those overall margins will be less than the corporate margin as they are today. They will expand and move towards that corporate margin but they will be lower than the overall margin in the short term but expanding. So you have to kind of map out where the math is or where you anticipate the math to be in those different markets to add them together to see what the margin profile looks like over the next three to five years.
Frank R. Martire: And as we said on the GFI space specially that's an area that as we continue to see the success we are seeing and as we continue to see it accelerate the top line, don't expect, we might come back and talk about further investment in that market frankly it accelerated even further. So we talked about that when we announced the original 30 million, this is something that we fundamentally believe there is lot of opportunity there and as the team executes but the Woody’s points, even in GFI those services businesses, the margins ramp overtime because it's long term they deploy those services and as the services reach scale you are going to see even margin expansion there. So that's goes back to the earlier question that I think Ashwin talked about which is we’ll see margin expansion across the businesses but it's going to come in different ways across those markets and the type of mix we are deploying there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Tien-Tsin T. Huang with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang – JP Morgan: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask about the EMV win, just curious to learn a little bit more about it. Is this a traditional VISA, MasterCard branded debit card win, is it just issuer deposit thing or would you also secure the branded business as well?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, it's a great question. Right now it is VISA and MasterCard and it's really the card reissue inside of EMV, we think it's very significant. We got actually a pretty full pipeline around that side of our business and so we think it's a good opportunity and good testaments. Frankly I think it's the largest EMV deal done so far around cards but not sure that's one I said one of the largest, I mean it's definitely up there. And when we look at our pipeline Tien, generally there is a lot of opportunity around this particular space. So we are starting to see, we have been seeing some EMV activity but it has been more partial reissues, high network, individuals, people traveling outside the states et cetera, et cetera. This is the first that at least in our environment where we have seen someone convert their entire card portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Hey, guys Great job.
Frank R. Martire: Hey Dave. Thanks.
Dave Koning – Baird: Yes and so I guess about the revenue acceleration now you kind of went over this little bit but I am just wondering when you said towards the high end of the range, did you mean for the full year that you think it gets higher in the range or you mean kind of through the second half and kind of existing the year it will be towards that higher end of the 4.5% to 6.5% range?
James W. Woodall: If you go back to how you laid out the guidance in the year, again we anticipated lower growth in the front half of the year, higher growth in the back half of the year. My comment was specific to Q3 where we really anticipating towards the higher end of the range for Q3 specifically. We still think that 4.5% to 6.5% is the right number for year but we do anticipate more growth in the back half of the year than we did in the front half of the year. We are sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Peter Heckmann with Avondale Partners. Please go ahead.
Peter Heckmann – Avondale Partners: Good morning. Most of my questions have been answered but I did want to just see if you can give us additional, little additional detail on the Reliance acquisition in terms of how we should be building that into our model. So would that approximate about $16 million in annual revenue?
James W. Woodall: Yes, we haven’t given specific dollars around it but we anticipate I mean a little bit of a tailwind in revenue in the back half of 2014, obviously we closed in mid July. We don't anticipate any EPS accretion in 2014 from the deal that EPS accretion will come in 2015, in terms of thinking about it I mean when you look at $110 million purchase price at the end of the day it's not that significant of the deal when you think about what the accretion might look like. But it will be a bit of a tailwind in the back half of 2014 and then further into 2015.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, we are excited about it though when you think about especially the community banking market, one of the things all financial institutions are clamoring for is how to drive additional fee income and how to make more money and how to penetrate further their customer race with the broader products suite. One of the things we are seeing is we had a great product solution around wealth management but frankly a lot of the community institution just don't have the expertise to deploy full on back office trust services. Reliance Financial allows us now to take the subject matter expertise and intellectual capital and best practices around running a trust organizational, wealth management organization coupled with our product capability and the combined event is going to put us in a very good position to deploy that offer now to more than 600 sales resources around the U.S. So we think it's a great opportunity. I even said in my notes we would be disappointed if it didn’t double in size in the next five years and to Woody’s point it’s going to contribute accretively in 2015 and beyond with that growth.
Frank R. Martire: And it's a great opportunity cross-sale opportunity and added value for our clients.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Georgios Mihalos with Crédit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Georgios Mihalos – Crédit Suisse: Great. Thanks for taking my question guys. Just wanted to dig in on the international side little bit more very strong growth there, is there a way to sort of parse out the growth that you are seeing from the consulting side, the Capco side versus say the processing side of the business?
James W. Woodall: Yes, I mean if you start thinking about in terms of regions, we saw extreme double-digit growth, high double-digit growth in Asia-Pacific. We saw very good double-digit growth in Europe and EMEA both in our traditional business as well as our Capco business. And then Latin America, we showed sort of mid single-digit growth. We anticipated seeing some headwinds in terms of overall growth because of sort of the macro economics going on in Brazil. But we are still seeing good growth there and then outside Brazil, again still seeing right at double-digit growth. So I hope that add a little color for you.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, just to be real clear, it's not all consulting growing there.
Frank R. Martire: That’s right.
Gary A. Norcross: That’s for sure I mean we are seeing great ramp-up in Sainsbury we are seeing great results in ING. We are seeing some other significant wins in Europe. Frank and we talked about other calls that Europe has been a headwind for us with several years because it turn slower from the macro economic issues. We are now seeing that accelerate for us with several large deals to double-digit growth as Woody just talked about. We are seeing Brazil slow and it's been a major tailwind for us. Although we are still seeing good growth in Brazil and very bullish on our opportunities down there and then Asia-Pacific is growing very well and very, very strong in fact and all of that's is non-consulting. Now the consulting business, don't get me wrong, doing very well. So you are seeing the combination of all those things continue to push our international segment at double-digit rate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ramsey El-Assal with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies: Hi guys. I wanted to ask about your international margins. It sounds like some growth acceleration in Asia and Europe is kind of more than offset, some macro-driven softness in Latin America. I was wondering if given the differing product and services mix in these different geographies Europe versus Asia versus Latin America, does this shift have any impact on how we should think about your international margins over the time? I guess it's another way of saying, are your margins significantly different in these different geographies?
James W. Woodall: That's a good question. I think there are some differences in the characteristics in the areas international that we have more of a consulting services, we are seeing a little bit of lower margins and the areas that you are in more leveraged environments like Brazil for example and some of the southeast Asia stuff, Australia specifically you got some higher margin area. So there is a blend across the board. The other thing you saw in the quarter and we will see this year, this is part of our GFI investment, it’s growing into the international market, so you have got that specific investment flowing into the international markets as well.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, just to build on that Ramsey, it's a good question. Keep in mind over the last year now we talked about how we’ve seen a very quick shift from product licensing to outsourcing and so what Woody’s point is exactly that as our outsourcing builds in various markets, you are going to see that margin accelerate but given the infancy in some of the markets of our outsourcing, you have got to sign more customers to get that scale. But once again, we are very pleased with that transition. It will normalize our growth streams and allow us to give us confidence in our projections in a much more effective way and also overtime, will produce much more predictable margin expansion.
Frank R. Martire: And Ramsey, it’s like any place more size and scale we are able to leverage more and drive down cost.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one final question; it will come from Tim Willi with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tim Willi - Wells Fargo: Thank you and good morning. I have a quick modeling question and then one about the business. First, on modeling did you call out what the revenue decline was around the check processing and the payments business, I know you typically give that out?
James W. Woodall: We did not, Tim I think we have talked about it in the last few quarters, we have seen that not as a headwind anymore and as it continue to be a less significant component of the business, we are trying to get away from talking about it. I would tell you to give you some color this quarter, it wasn’t much of a headwind, slight headwind this quarter but not much one.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the conference back over to our presenters for any closing comments.
Frank R. Martire: Okay. Thank you for your questions, for your continue interest in FIS. Our strategy is working. We are driving profitable results. Clients are reacting favorably to our business models and are driving demands for our solutions and services as we enable our clients to reach their own efficiency and growth requirements. Our solution innovation is helping our clients transform themselves into financial service landscape. We are very confident about our 2014 outlook and long-term growth prospects and we remain focused on driving superior returns for our shareholders. Thank you to each of you for joining us on today's call and to our FIS employees who are dedicated to the success of our clients each and every day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference call will be available for replay after 10:30 a.m. Eastern time today, running through August 12 at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at anytime by dialing (800) 475-6701, and entering the access code of 331212. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844. Once again those phone numbers are (800) 475-6701 and (320) 365-3844 using the access code of 331212. That does conclude your conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Nancy Murphy - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Frank R. Martire - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS first quarter earnings call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Nancy Murphy. Please go ahead.
Nancy Murphy: Thank you, Cynthia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Frank Martire, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a summary of our financial performance. Gary Norcross, President and Chief Operating Officer, will follow with the operations report. Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the detailed financial review. Today's news release and the supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Let me remind you that today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on Slide 3 of the presentation. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. These non-GAAP measures are outlined on Slide 4. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank to discuss the financial highlights on Slide 6. Frank?
Frank R. Martire: Thanks, Nancy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I am pleased to open the morning call by reporting that the first quarter proved to be another strong quarter for FIS. We delivered profitable growth and invest in our solutions, people and innovation, enabling our clients to succeed. Our performance is in line with our expectations, reinforcing our confidence in our 2014 outlook. Looking at details of the quarter. Our first quarter top line growth was driven by positive results across all business segments. Revenue increased 4% organically, year-over-year, to $1.5 billion. Adjusted earnings per share rose 10%, year-over-year, to $0.68. Finally, we returned a record $245 million to our shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. By all accounts, this is a healthy start to the year and a strong foundation for achieving our 2014 goals. The year-over-year and long-term results we have driven highlights the strength of our operating model and continued steady execution. I'll now turn the call over to Gary for our business strategy and operating highlights. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, Frank, and thanks again to everyone for joining us this morning. As Frank discussed, we are off to a strong start for the year. Our continued solid sales execution, client focus and emphasis on operational efficiency translate to consistent, profitable growth for FIS. In the quarter, we had strong sales with good deal flow and key competitive wins. We further strengthened our pipeline across all segments and markets, providing strong line of sight on the full year. We affirmed our investment strategy to aggressively pursue the global financial institution market with early indications that this focus is driving traction in the space. We recognized key wins in each of our target markets, reflecting a steady trend to outsource more technology, development and front- and back-office functions to providers like FIS who demonstrate results and offer scalable solutions. In North America, we are proud of several competitive core take-away wins this quarter. Of these competitive wins, we would like to highlight Umpqua Bank, a $22 billion bank undergoing significant transformation. Umpqua is nationally recognized for its progressive management, innovative use of technology, and high level of customer service, making it an honor to be selected as their partner. In this new relationship, Umpqua will move from a competitor's in-house solution to an outsourced FIS solution, where we will implement a full range of capabilities, including our core processing, payment and many of our ancillary solutions. Umpqua's implementation to FIS solutions is scheduled in the first quarter of 2015. This significant win highlights the value FIS delivers to growing financial institutions who are in need of best-in-class solutions, leading domain expertise and the efficiency of a single-source provider. Additionally, we're pleased to add to our client base a national financial institution located in Kansas, looking to extend services to their underbanked customers and prospects. This financial institution chose FIS' newly launched GenNOW solution, a turnkey, brandable solution that combines the strength of our digital and reloadable prepaid card capabilities targeted for young and mobile customers. This solution provides clients with new sources of revenue by attracting and retaining customers who are increasingly turning to alternative financial services providers for their financial needs. In addition, FIS will provide all back-office processing and marketing support to help them promote the solution nationally to customers. FIS GenNOW was officially launched in April this year. Earlier this month, we wrapped up our largest North American user conference for the year, with over 2,000 people in attendance. Based on many of the one-on-one conversations I had, the overall tone of the conference was much more bullish than in recent years. And many of our clients are focused on driving the solution expansion and growing market share. In our international market, operational performance remained strong. We marked new sales wins at Thailand's fiscal bank, pagos móviles and others in the quarter. We continue to gain good momentum for project deployments, and to extend established customer relationships through add-on business. Turning to existing international projects. I was in London recently, and the Sainsbury's project is progressing nicely. Additionally, the India ATM project is on target with their multiyear deployment program. As for future growth, for the first time in decades, we are seeing an increase in the issuance of the number of new banking license creating new opportunities to support start-up banks in EMEA and APAC, where we have a very strong presence. Our pipeline remains full and our full year outlook in our international market remains strong and on target. As I mentioned earlier, we are pleased with the progress we are making in the global financial institution market. The early favorable results affirm our decision to invest in go-to-market talent in order to aggressively pursue these large, complex and transformational deals. In the quarter, we saw strong traction in new sales and solid pipeline development. Our go-to-market model is working. We have hired strong expertise with impressive industry domain experience and deep consultative capability at the suite level. Through their collective talent, they are developing a robust pipeline. As an example, we have seen significant expansion of the strategic outsourcing engagement with a global financial advisory firm first announced in early 2013, which is now more than doubled in size through our expanded relationship efforts. Additionally, since the quarter closed, we have finalized another large strategic outsourcing engagement, adding to our growing credentials as transformational experts. By any measure for FIS, this new engagement is a large strategic win. In all markets, financial institutions are looking to the future with renewed energy and a focus on rekindling growth, while meeting greater efficiency, risk and compliance requirements. Overall, we are winning more large transformational deals across our markets. During the last 2 years, we more than doubled the number of large deals closed and more than tripled the annual contract value for large deals, compared to the prior 2-year period in 2010 and 2011. We define large deals as greater than $25 million in contract value. Our strategy is working. These wins reflect FIS' commitment to deeply understand and respond to our client-strategic requirements and substantiate the investments we are making. In summary, before I turn it over to Woody, we are very pleased with our healthy start to the year. We have a strong selling quarter underscored by competitive wins in new and expanded client implementations that are transformational in nature. We have a solid pipeline, giving us confidence in our ability to deliver on our growth objectives. We continue to strategically invest in key markets and innovative solutions to drive profitable growth. Now I'll turn it over to Woody for the financial report.
James W. Woodall: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 11 with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter. Consolidated revenue increased to $1.5 billion, up 4% on an organic basis, after normalizing for currency and acquisitions, driven by continued growth in all segments. Adjusted EBITDA increased 4% to $445 million. And the EBITDA margin expanded 10 basis points from the prior year quarter, to 29.1%. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations increased to $197 million from $182 million. And adjusted earnings per share increased 10%, to $0.68, from $0.62 in the 2013 quarter. Implementation of deals previously sold, combined with continued strength in international markets, consulting and services contributed to the positive performance. These results are consistent with our expectations and outlook for the year. We're particularly pleased to have delivered solid growth over difficult comparisons from 2013. As we discussed in prior quarters, termination fees in 2013, related to the BMO M&I merger, resulted in a revenue headwind in Q1 2014 of approximately 100 basis points. We anticipate a similar headwind in the second quarter. Now I will continue on Slide 12 with a review of segment results. Financial Solutions revenue was $587 million, an increase of 2% on an organic basis, reflecting growth in eBanking solutions, including Mobile and Consulting Services. Financial Solutions EBITDA was $227 million, while EBITDA margin was 38.7%, compared to 39.6% in the prior year. The margin decrease primarily reflects lower termination fees and license fees, compared to the first quarter of 2013, revenue mix and investment in the global financial institution market. Turning to Slide 13. Payment Solutions revenue increased 3% to $629 million on an organic basis, reflecting growth in image and output and card solutions. Payment Solutions adjusted EBITDA increased 2% to $264 million in the quarter. EBITDA margin, of 42.1%, was about flat with the first quarter of 2013. Moving to Slide 14. International revenue was $314 million and grew 10% organically in the quarter. Organic growth across all major regions, including continued strong demand for consulting and services in Europe, contributed to the increase. International EBITDA was $59 million, in line with the prior year. EBITDA margin was 18.8%, compared to 20.3% in the prior year quarter, reflecting incremental investment in the global financial institution market we discussed last quarter and lower license revenue. As Gary mentioned, we are pleased with the early results in the global financial institutions market. We're on track with our incremental investment of approximately $30 million in 2014 to capitalize on this opportunity. The first quarter results include $8 million related to this investment. Corporate expense was $105 million, down $12 million from the prior year period. The improvement was driven by lower administrative expenses, lower legal costs and reduced consulting costs, compared to the first quarter of 2013. We expect corporate expenses to average approximately $110 million per quarter for the remainder of the year. Moving on to a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP EPS on Slide 15. GAAP earnings totaled $0.53 per share, compared to $0.50 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2013. GAAP results are adjusted to exclude $0.13 per share in acquisition-related purchase amortization, and include $0.02 per share related to a contract settlement. This 2014 cash settlement of $9 million extinguishes certain minimums under our contract with a reseller. Moving onto cash flow on Slide 16. Adjusted cash flow from operations totaled $248 million, up from $221 million in the first quarter 2013. Capital expenditures of $90 million were in line with our expectation of investing 5.5% to 6% of revenue in 2014. Free cash flow increased to $158 million, compared to $148 million in the first quarter of 2013. Turning to Slide 17. We continue to execute on our capital allocation priorities of investing for growth, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. In the first quarter, we returned $245 million to shareholders, including $70 million in dividends and $175 million to repurchase 3.2 million shares in the open market. The share repurchase program reduced our weighted average diluted shares to 291.9 million in the first quarter, from 295.5 million last year. At the end of the quarter, basic and diluted shares outstanding were 286.8 million and 290.5 million, respectively. Consistent with recent practice, we expect to repurchase shares throughout the course of 2014. Debt outstanding totaled $4.8 billion as of March 31, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.6% at quarter end. Our leverage ratio was 2.6x. This sequential increase in leverage is related to the timing for cash flow, and is in line with our 2014 plan. We continue to target our leverage ratio at or slightly below 2.5x debt-to-EBITDA. Moving on to Slide 18. We are reaffirming our outlook for 2014, including: organic revenue growth of 4.5% to 6.5%; adjusted EBITDA growth in line with organic revenue growth; adjusted earnings per share in the range of $3.05 to $3.16, reflecting growth of 8% to 12%; and free cash flow approximating adjusted net earnings. In summary, we're very pleased with our positive start to the year. Implementation of significant new contract signings from 2013, a strong sales pipeline and opportunistic bank-client relationships in the global markets we serve reinforce our confidence in our growth efforts. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we can now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of David Togut with Evercore.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just to dig into that a little bit, Gary, you mentioned that India ATM was ramping nicely. Can you give us a little detail as to what the revenue ramp looks like on India ATM? That's a large contract and, clearly, pretty material to revenue.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, well, David, we talked about -- once we get fully ramped on that business, it's going to drive $100 million a year in revenue for us. I can tell you that India right now is the fastest-growing area within the region, right, from a revenue standpoint. It's got great organic growth. The team's done a great job. In fact, I'm due to be over there next week with some of the team, just getting another update on the deployment. We're also seeing opportunities, even outside of our circles, to expand our existing business. So India is going to be a great story for us, for not only today, but the coming years. I mean, it's just going to be a great growth story.
James W. Woodall: David, and thinking about that, we also have the women's bank there. We're starting to see some revenue come on from that. If you look at the overall double-digit growth, international aggregated, I would tell you that India is a tailwind to that. It's growing faster than our overall international revenue growth.
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I see. That helps. And just shifting over to Brazil. Can you update us on the growth in accounts you saw on the joint venture with Banco Bradesco?
James W. Woodall: Yes, if you look at Latin America in the aggregate, it grew still right at double-digit growth. We put some headwind in our plan, related to sort of overall economic and GDP growth in Brazil. However, we continue to see accounting card growth in Brazil and are pleased with its execution this year.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, given what's going on in Brazil from the economy, it's actually performing well and consistent with our plan. And we saw good growth in the card base.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Great. And Gary, you referenced in your remarks the signing of a large strategic outsourcing agreement right after the close of the quarter. Can you flesh that out a little bit in terms of how large it might be?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. It's -- as I've said, I kind of gauged some highlights. We viewed large deals of anything north of $25 million in contract value, and this one will be substantially north of that. It's a nice contract for us. We'll be bringing out more information as we work with the client on announcement, but we're excited about that opportunity. And frankly, Dave, we're seeing that all across all of our markets. We're just seeing -- even if you look at Umpqua Bank, you're looking at very, very large deals where banks are outsourcing these things to FIS. And it's a full range of not only software in that example, but back-office services. And then the one that we forecasted there, that one's much more of a transformational services engagement. But great traction, and reaffirms our bullishness on the whole GFI market. We also saw the pipeline increase significantly as well. So all of those things are good indicators that our investments are paying off.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, what's very nice about that, David, is, it's not an isolated 1 or 2. We have a very strong pipeline consistent with the deals that we're signing, and that we feel really optimistic about.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: That's very encouraging. Just a quick final question for me. Gary, you referenced consulting strength in Europe, I believe. Can you just elaborate on just Capco on a global basis, what you're seeing growth-wise in the U.S. and international?
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think that was my comment, David. But -- so I'll follow up on it. We saw good growth in Europe. We continue to see sort of Western Europe improve as they come out of their economic challenges from the past. And the demand for consulting has been very strong. Additionally, we've also seen very good growth and continue to see good growth in Capco in the U.S. So definitely would not say one is better than the other, both are seeing very good double-digit growth.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, David, when we look at it and we've looked at Capco, what we currently hear, is both on the international front and on the domestic front that we've seen this growth. So that makes us feel, obviously, really good about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: A couple quick questions. One, can you tell us a little bit about the deal stats again, Gary? You ran through some -- you have doubled the amount, tripled the amount than you used to have, and I think you're talking about the $25 million-plus deals. Can you just go over those again? I thought that was an important point and I'm...
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. Yes, Brett. We've just started looking at it. The size of the deals -- we kind of talked about this on a number of calls. But the size and the complexity of the deals that we're now signing continues to increase, which is really exciting for us. And we're seeing it across all markets. And so, several years ago, if we were to sign a contract that was greater than $25 million, that was a really large deal, and still is a really large deal by any definition. But what we saw when we looked at the last 2 years' comparison to the prior 2 years, we're seeing that the number of deals have more than doubled, in what we signed in the last 2 years over the prior 2 years. And then the contract values more than tripled. There's a lot of things driving that. Frankly, we keep pointing to the strength towards outsourcing. Go back to Umpqua, that was in-house today and fully moving to outsourcing. The contract value on that engagement is significantly incremental over what an in-house engagement would be. But for the bank, they're saving money because they're able to go deploy that and leverage our scale and ability. So huge win. When you look at some of the transformational stuff we're doing in the GFI space, we are now the largest financial institution of the world. We're looking to wholesale outsource significant areas of back-office and services. So we're very excited about what we're seeing around these large contracts. And if you just go over the last couple of quarters on just the ones we've announced, because we haven't come close to announcing them all, but if you think about Umpqua, if you think about Sainsbury, if you think about Guaranty, if you think about MCX, the India ATM, that Umpqua, yes, these things just keep going. So it's an exciting -- it's exciting to see what's going on in our sales channel.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then the second question was, I think you guys announced a debit Switch win. I think it was Saudi Arabia or Middle East somewhere. Can you give us any details on that?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, we did win one over in Saudi Arabia, relatively small in nature, but this continues to show demand and the exposure that we're having outside the U.S.. And we're becoming more of a household name in the financial technology more outside the U.S. as well.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, we talked about, Brett, in past quarters. It's interesting when you go around the various regions of the world what we're really known for, and in a number of regions of the world we're really starting to be known as the payments provider in the switching and fraud side of the payments. And so, we signed a number of those deals over the last several years. And so we continue to gain traction around those products.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Last question for me on MCX, can you give us an update on that?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we continue to progress nicely in working with MCX. They've been a great partner. We continue to roll out the capabilities they contracted with us for and continue to drive revenue on that front. We're -- obviously, we're looking forward to when MCX launches, because we'll see a nice ramp if it's successful in our revenue stream. And so, once again, we continue to wait for MCX to disclose when they are going forward in the market, but we continue to build out the capabilities they're looking for.
Operator: We'll next go to the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Ashish Sabadra calling on behalf of Bryan Keane. Just a quick question, just a follow-up on the international question that was asked earlier. It looks like you have pretty solid momentum, but the growth slowed down a bit from the fourth quarter. So as you look through the year, should we see things ramp up? Considering all the great initiatives going around the world, I was just wondering if you could provide some more color on how should we think about international through the rest of the year and the growth drivers.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, so first, on the sequential quarter question, keep in mind, while we continue to see a strong trend towards outsourcing, as we've talked in the past, our international business is lagging a little bit in the U.S. So it's still -- from an outsourcing standpoint. So it still does quite a bit of a license business. And Q4 is always a big license month, in general, for us. So if you look back historically, it's not uncommon for us to see our growth rate sequentially drop from Q4 to Q1. So this was exactly what we planned and exactly what we expected. But to your latter point about all of the deals we have in queue and the implementing of those deals, we're very excited about the accelerated growth in the back half of the year. And so, once again, you see that very consistently with that international segment over the prior year. So we've got very high visibility into that and very comfortable that we're going to have a good year in international.
Frank R. Martire: If you look at it, our results are very much in line with our expectations. But the enthusiasm and the optimism is based on a very, very strong sales pipeline. And so we look at it and we say, "We should do very well."
Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great. That's great. Just a quick one on the investments, thanks for providing that color. But just wondering if you could provide some more color on the resource ramp-up? How do you expect the resources to ramp up through the rest of the year? And if you also could comment on the productivity of those resources, how do -- when do you expect those resources to be more productive? It looks like you have a pretty solid pipeline, so if you could just provide more color on the resources side that you're ramping up.
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think we've talked about $8 million of investment we spent in the first quarter. I would tell you that the majority of the lead partners on the engagements have been identified. We continue to build out the operating teams below them, the go-to-market teams below them. That will continue to ramp throughout 2014. Gary talked about 2 items that were proof points. One, it was a doubling of the existing size of the contract with an existing outsourcing agreement, where we're seeing traction and ability to go in and upsell into those larger accounts. The second was the contract signing we just had after quarter end. That was another significant outsourcing deal. So we've got a couple of proof points. We also got good pipeline visibility. So we're encouraged with the early traction of the investment we have made.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. And just to build on that, one of the things we've looked for as we've built out these go-to-market teams is we've looked for people that have experience in these specific accounts. So what we want to do is make sure that as these teams are hired and put together, that the ramp is very, very short. And bringing that experience about the account and then pulling FIS into the opportunities is what we're looking for. And as Woody just highlighted, those 2 indicators are very good indicators of early traction. The pipeline that we referenced at the call is a third very good indicator of traction with that investment.
Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's great. And one final question for me. The Umpqua deal that you announced today, that's very interesting. So I was just wondering, if you look at other similar large banks, do you see opportunities for them to move from in-house to outsourced solution? And what's really driving it, is it more of the regulations? Cost efficiency? Or all of the above? And so any additional color that you can provide on this trend towards more outsourcing, which we continue to see.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. No, it's a great question, and the answer is yes. We do see a lot of financial institutions in that size in that top 100 that are looking to outsource bigger and bigger components. We've signed a number of them in the last 12 months. And we've talked about those on our earlier calls, and Umpqua is just a continued example of that. What's driving it? You hit the nail on the head. One, with the regulatory compliance, the security compliance around cyber, the increased demands in digital, when you're -- and the engagement back to the consumer. All of that, we're seeing substantial increased costs for financial institutions. And so they're looking to companies like FIS, and primarily FIS, to leverage our scale, our balance sheet, to be able to lower their costs and be able to deliver the necessary services that they need to deliver to compete in the market.
Frank R. Martire: So when these banks are looking at it, including the top-tier banks, they're saying, "You know what, we need to focus on our banking business and the challenges and opportunities we have there, and leave it to somebody who has the skill set and the scale and the size that could optimize our environment, while we focus on building relationships."
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I apologize if some of these questions have been asked or talked about, I think a lot of us are juggling calls. But basically, the pace and the tone of the sales activity in the quarter, how would you sort of contrast it with 3 to 6 months ago? Has it picked up, and especially for the larger deals as well?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. No, going back, I don't think that question has been asked. Two things we're seeing. One, let's go back to the pipeline. The increase in the pipeline is definitely growing over where it was 6 months ago or to 1 year ago. I would also tell you that certainly in our global financial institution market, in our North America market, we saw very strong sales signings and growth year-over-year as well. International is a little more lumpy. We had some really big sales success 1 year ago for the quarter, but international's got some very, very strong signings lined up for the rest of the year in the pipeline. So I would tell you, across the board, everything's green from a standpoint of what we're seeing with regards to our sales engine across all of our markets. I also highlighted in the call, you might not been able to listen in, but we're in our busy time of the year for conferences around our user conferences, and we just wrapped up our largest North American conference. We run multiple conferences for a company this size. And there's about 2,000 people in attendance and a little over, in fact. And frankly, I had a lot of one-on-ones during that conference. And just the whole mood is, I would say, much more bullish than what we saw this time last year. And so I think that's one of the reasons that we're seeing an elevated pipeline, we're seeing our customers look and trying to push projects and make broader investment. And I think we're also -- and we contribute that to our sales success. We came out of that conference with a lot of very strong sales leads. And so, that's always great indication as well. So those would really be the proof points. Sales up year-over-year, pipeline up year-over-year, sales leads out of our first conference up year-over-year. So we feel good about it.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: You actually sound very bullish.
Frank R. Martire: Well, one -- and the reason is we have -- we've had a very strong pipeline. We've talked to that, right, for the last few quarters. But when you start seeing the impact and the real results in some of the deals that Gary just talked about, you gain more optimism.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just the inference here would be your confidence into your ramp into fiscal '15? Obviously, you've got an EPS acceleration sort of implicit to get to your full year CAGR, are you feeling better about that?
James W. Woodall: Glenn, we're not going to give you '15 guidance after Q1 of '14.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: You did last quarter.
James W. Woodall: Yes, yes. But looking pretty good. Happy with the start. We'll see acceleration throughout this year and we'll continue to update you as sales success continues.
Frank R. Martire: We like the way we're tracking. The proof is in the results.
James W. Woodall: Yes.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And anything on the corporate cost being down 10% year-over-year, on the EBITDA?
James W. Woodall: Yes. We've talked a little bit about -- really, we've got some administrative costs, some lower project costs that we had in 2013 that aren't going to recur, lower legal cost this year. But we think corporate costs will be in the $110 million per quarter range. So slightly up from Q1, but overall, relatively flat to last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Willi with Wells Fargo.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. First was on -- just a housekeeping item. Could you go back through the $9 million contractual? I guess, extinguishment and payments. Just want to make sure I understand that.
James W. Woodall: Yes, we had a contract with a reseller and ultimately negotiated a settlement of certain minimums on that contract. The cash we received extinguished some of those minimums. And basically, it's consistent with how we've presented the cash EPS over the period. The GAAP requirement under this is unique in that the cost of the relationship with the reseller, you've got to amortize it. But we've received the cash and have no obligation on performance.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just a few questions about the business. One on -- you mentioned card issuance, I think, in the financial institutions commentary. We've heard a couple of other companies talk about reissuance that they contribute maybe to the target breach, et cetera. We've seen some headlines about EMV and chip contracts being established. How do you guys think about that as an impact in that -- whether it's in FI or payments, I can't remember exactly where it falls. But is that something that you think we might be hearing more about from you guys in the next 12 to 24 months about card issuance revenues around security and shipment then?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Tim. One, that would fall under our payment segments. We do a tremendous amount of card issuance every year. We got past almost 200 million cards. We've seen a slow and steady kind of increase of EMV. We've got -- so we do think that you'll see EMV roll out across North America over the next several years. But are we seeing any very large just reissuance by our bank chip today? Not yet. We're talking to our customers about it. We're fully EMV-ready. We have no problem handling chip cards, in not only our software, but our card production locations. So -- but right now, it looks like it's going to be slow and steady. Some people are taking advantage of some of the breaches, and coming back with some chip and PIN reissuance. Some are just coming back to normal plastic. But the business has continued to -- we have seen, like we always do when there are big breaches, we've seen -- we have seen a small spike or increase in card reissuance, which is pretty typical of any large breach.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then just the last one. Woody, on the international EBITDA. Can you -- I didn't see it in the press release, unless I missed it. Can you frame what FX did to the EBITDA growth? I know you had -- give some color on the pipeline. Just what were the impact to the EBITDA from FX?
James W. Woodall: If you kind of think about it and you kind of look at the margin and do some back-of-the-envelope calculations around the impact of the revenue down to the margin, when you flow it all the way down, it was under $0.01 for the quarter in terms of EPS impact on EBITDA -- or sorry, on FX.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First, I had a big question that I've been -- should ask you, if you don't mind here. Just there's a lot of talk about this Russia development of a national payment switch, and it made me think about FIS with the building out and the Switch for Australia. Do you see that as an opportunity or a good case study that maybe you can be behind some of those national payment systems to the extent that it becomes a bigger theme, especially given some of the success you've had with building out things even in the U.S.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes -- no, we do. They're actually been some several examples of national payment switches. We've talked about eftpos that we're doing in Australia. You might remember a couple of years ago in Thailand, we built out ITMX, which was their international switch. So we've got a lot of proof points of that and capabilities. And so, definitely, as those -- as countries go through those processes, we certainly participate in it. And frankly, have won a number of them. So those are always good opportunities for us.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood. And then just -- I know with EMV and the certifications with all the different debit switches. Do you think that there's an opportunity for branded wins here over the next 12 to 18 months that we should watch on the NYSE front? Do you think it will have an impact on pricing? Again, I will follow on to that, if you don't mind.
Gary A. Norcross: As far as we think there's an opportunity for branded wins, the answer is yes. I think we do have an opportunity, and we're still continuing to -- our NYSE business continues to perform very well. And we think there's further opportunities for that. We've talked about EMV a lot. And certainly, in the card personal area, you're going to see an increase. If a lot of national banks start reissuing EMV, I think we can see an acceleration of that. That can drive an acceleration. We're not seeing it yet. We've actually talked to some clients about a large-scale reissue. But when I think of -- if some of the very large financial institutions start doing that, you can see an increase around that front.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, it's helpful. And sorry if I missed it. I was jumping on and off, I think I caught some of this commentary. But just on the debit front, I think you guys mentioned a little bit of winter and Easter, and perhaps -- but structurally, have you seen -- did you guys see any increase in decline rates and maybe consumer reluctance to use their NYCE cards and -- or debit cards because of the Target breach? Any evidence of that?
Frank R. Martire: None whatsoever. We haven't seen that. We certainly haven't seen that, no.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Peter Heckmann with Avondale Partners.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but I did want to follow up on this acquisition of CMSI. Looks like it's pretty small, but can you talk about how we might splice that into our model, and some of the background rationale for it?
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think you're right. It is pretty small. As we've talked about some of the tuck-ins that we have done to try to improve product capabilities, this is more of a front-end, consumer-lending-type product, which would give us sort of the full end-to-end on the consumer lending platform.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Pete, as we go through our whiteboarding exercises, and look at where our product road map and the needs of our clients and what we think the opportunity to take some type of capability and roll through our go-to-market engine. We've talked about -- we've got more than 600 sales resources in North America. Clearly, this was a component in the overall, end-to-end loan origination stream that we felt like we were missing. You're evaluating these situations, can you build it or can you buy it, and then the speed to market. And this is just a small tuck-in. And the team will do a nice job of integrating it into our other loan origination capabilities, docking it, perhaps we'll throw them on board into our core banking systems. And so, we'll get some very nice cross-sales with this product. It'll be a nice little tuck-in acquisition for us.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And generally, that's what we're seeing, as we've communicated several years ago, and that's what we've seen from FIS for the last couple of years. I mean, are there opportunities out there to make midsize acquisitions, or should we expect that flows going forward are going into tuck-ins?
James W. Woodall: Well, yes, we continue to look in the marketplace. We don't want ever to miss an opportunity to find something that would help us grow profitability faster or get good returns to our shareholders. However, we haven't seen anything in the past several years that really fit that bill. But we're always taking a look. Our default has always been to buy back shares in terms of taking that cash flow generation and trying to give returns to shareholders. But yes, could there be something in the future? Sure, there could be.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Georgios Mihalos with Crédit Suisse.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Wanted to start off, if you can remind us, just size your non-FI business for us? And maybe talk a little bit about the growth trends or the potential that you see there, sort of where the bucket, where the retailers in MCX are, for example?
James W. Woodall: If memory serves, I think that was about a 12%, 14% kind of area for us, primarily, and sort of infrastructure outsourcing, leveraging our technology capabilities. So that's kind of the size. So what is the second part of your question again?
Gary A. Norcross: He talks about the MCX and whether -- that really doesn't fall in under our merchant business for us. That's falling under our payments business, because we're doing all of the back -- we're doing all of the network plumbing for that environment. Really on a merchant acquiring side, we're a very small player. The business is growing well. I mean, yes. The other question was how is non-FI growing. We're getting nice growth in that business. We've seen some expansion in and around some of our check capabilities on the gaming side. We've also seen some nice pickups of the business. Our team that runs that business for us is doing a very nice job.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Is the growth in line with the overall company? Ahead? Just trying to get a sense of what you're seeing in that 12% to 14% bucket?
James W. Woodall: Yes, I would say probably in line with the overall company, would be a fair way to look at it.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. Right.
Operator: And we have time for one final question. That will be from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Jefferies.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Do you have any material Russia exposure?
Frank R. Martire: No. No.
Gary A. Norcross: No, we don't.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. A follow-up then. On -- I read that there was a CO-OP Financial Services that was going to be using PayNet for a real-time funds movement, I think between customers and banks across their network. Aside from MCX, which must be your highest profile implementation, can you give us an idea of some of the use cases for PayNet that you're exploring or focused on, whether it's bill pay or money transfer, or tying in with ACH. It seems like there's a ton of possibilities. Where do you see -- maybe x MCX, where do you see -- which markets do you see developing?
Gary A. Norcross: We're seeing a lot of applicability on a number of those things, Ramsey. The CO-OP'S been a great partner of us over the years. And that's just another great example of a good add-on sale to a long-term customer. We do a lot for them around their network and debit capabilities. But turning back to PayNet, we're really seeing a lot of use cases. We're seeing it at the point of sale from a check standpoint. We're seeing use cases in P2P. We're seeing some interesting use cases in some real-time ACH. So there's a lot of opportunities for us with that network. We continue to have good traction in the sales cycle and bringing on customers, and CO-OP's a great example of it.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: But there's no one other particular bucket that is sort of starting to kind of dominate the mix a little bit, it's really sort of early days to see...
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, at this time, it's early days. And as we've talked about in the past on that, you've got to build out the users of the network. And then as the users of the network are built out, you're going to see -- I do think you'll see more traction around one or more channel, but I think it's still a little early to start talking about that yet.
Operator: And with that, speakers, I'd like to turn it over to you for any closing comments.
Frank R. Martire: Sure. Thank you. First of all, thank you for your questions and interest in FIS. As you've heard, we are pleased with our first quarter results and the execution of our growth strategy, our consistently strong performance reflects demand for our solutions and services, and acknowledges our investment and innovation, which enables our clients to reach their efficiency and growth requirements. We are very confident in our 2014 outlook and long-term growth prospects. And we remain focused on driving superior returns for our shareholders. Finally, I would like to thank our employees who are dedicated to the success of our clients, and each of you for joining us on today's call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference call will be available for replay after 10:30 a.m. today, until midnight, May 15. You may access the AT&T Teleconference Replay System by dialing (800) 475-6701, and entering the access code of 324136. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844. That does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Frank Martire - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Gary Norcross - President & Chief Operating Officer Woody Woodall - Chief Financial Officer Nancy Murphy - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc. Brett Huff - Stephens Inc. Dave Koning - Robert W. Baird
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank  David Togut - Evercore  Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we’d like to thank you for standing by and welcome to the FIS fourth quarter, full year earnings teleconference call.  At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions being given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, today’s conference call will be recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host and senior facilitator, Ms. Nancy Murphy. Please go ahead.
Nancy Murphy: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Frank Martire, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will begin with a summary of our financial performance; Gary Norcross, President and Chief Operating Officer, will follow with the operations report; Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the detailed financial review and outlook for 2014. Today’s news release and the supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Let me remind you that today’s remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on slide three of the presentation.  Today’s remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures, in order to provide a more meaningful comparison between the periods presented. These non-GAAP measures are outlined on slide four. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Frank to discuss the financial highlights on slide six. Frank. 
Frank Martire: Thank you Nancy and welcome to the FIS team. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on today's call. 2013 proved to be another very strong year for FIS. We again drove consistent execution against our targets and delivered solid returns to our shareholders. I am proud of the progress we are making to execute this strategy we outlined in February 2012.  We continue to build global scale in 2013, finishing the year with record revenue of $6.1 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $1.8 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $2.83. We generated $1.2 billion operating cash flow and free cash flow of $826 million. We are delivering on our commitments.  Additionally organic revenue growth of 5% came in at the high end of our guidance range. This marks our third consecutive year delivering organic growth of 5%. We grew earnings per share by 13% to $2.83, which was the midpoint of the EPS guidance that we gave you in October, resulting in a five year compound annual growth rate of 14%.  In addition, our continued sales success included multiple deals in the large North American and global financial markets. We finished the year on strong footing with a robust pipeline and good visibility heading into 2014.  Also consistent with the strategy we outlined last February, we are using our significant cash flow to drive value for our clients and our investors. First we continue to invest for growth; second, we strengthen our balance sheet achieving our leverage target and investment grad ratings from all three rating agencies; third, we returned $732 million to our shareholders or approximately 90% of our free cash flow. We remain focused on returning cash through a 9% increase in the quarterly dividend and the new $2 billion share repurchase program.  All of these actions reflect the confidence we have in our business and underscore our commitment to further enhancing shareholder returns. By all accounts, 2013 was another successful year.  The success of our company ties directly to our employees’ hard work and dedication to service our clients. For that I want to personally thank our leadership team and our 39,000 employees worldwide. I also would like to thank our loyal clients who depend on us and trust us to keep their businesses running every day. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to rank as the number one FinTech Company in the world.  Now I will turn the call over to Gary for our business strategy and operating highlights. Gary. 
Gary Norcross: Thanks Frank and thanks for joining us this morning. My remarks today will cover the following important aspects of our 2013 performance and our focus in 2014. First I will cover our global sales performance, emphasizing our execution and providing examples of continued demand for our breadth of solutions. Next, I’ll provide visibility to how and where we are investing in 2014 to accelerate our growth.  As Frank discussed, 2013 was the year of strategic progress and strong financial results. Our client focus strategy in growth investments are driving the desired results and creating positive momentum. The financial services industry continues along the path of fundamental change that includes connecting businesses and consumers together through new digital channels, providing instant access to information and commerce and managing vast transaction and dollar flow, while preserving data integrity and information security.  This change brings enormous challenges for financial institutions and significant opportunities for FIS as their strategic partner, helping to redesign and operate their businesses more efficiently.  FIS is enabling this transformation by bringing the front office and back office together, streamlining banking and payments and creating a more agile, more intelligent and more efficient business model for financial institutions. We are doing this by delivering a variety of offerings from our broad and deep portfolio of technology, consulting and outsource solutions and services. This winning strategy propelled our growth in 2013 and is the underpinning of our strategic focus in 2014.  Turning to sales, we saw strong year-over-year in sequential sales growth in the fourth quarter. We continue to add new clients and expand existing relationships through cross sell and up sell activity. This continues to trend resulting in more expensive engagements and longer contract terms.  Next I’ll provide highlights for each of our three key markets; North America, international and global. Beginning with our international business, given their accelerated progress again this quarter, we are very pleased with the continued momentum in our international businesses. Our revenue growth accelerated to 13% in the quarter, for the full year our international business grew by 11% to $1.3 billion in revenue, which is further evidence of our credibility and ability to gain scale in the markets that we serve. This position has allowed us to consistently produce double-digit compound annual revenue growth over the last five years in our international business.  Looking forward, we executed well against our sales plan and remain encouraged with the ongoing strength and quality of the international sales pipeline. The change in market dynamics is driving growth opportunities, particularly in India, Southeast Asia and parts of Europe. We continue to see increased opportunities around long term outsourcing arrangements, which provide more predictable revenue streams.  Our focus on retail banking and payments has created an unequal brand in the market. In Europe I am pleased to report that we have finalized the contract with Sainsbury Bank, solidifying a 10-year agreement for a fully outsourced FIS solution. This very large deal creates significant reoccurring revenue and is a model for other banks in the region seeking to leverage our full breadth of outsourced solutions.  In India we are very excited about out partner relationship with BMB, a new public sector bank empowering woman as entrepreneurs, which opened its first branches to the public in the fourth quarter. This represents another outsourcing win for FIS. Under this contract FIS provides a solution for the bank covering all their technology needs, from processing through network and branch infrastructure. We feel this win is important, because India has announced the potential issuance of more banking licenses and the success of BMB should help FIS with these additional opportunities.  Turning to Latin American, FIS successfully completed the deployment of the credit card management solution for Banco Popular in the Dominican Republic. Through this successful implementation, FIS is now processing over one million credit cards for this customer.  In Brazil, as we announced in Q1, the signing of Cencosud, a market leader in supermarket and retail, we are pleased to announce that we successfully implemented this outsourced card processing arrangement. This continues to drive further diversification by adding new clients to our Brazilian joint venture.  In North America we see continued demand for our full range of solutions as clients prioritize spending around operating more efficiently, garnering more wallet share for their customers and managing regulatory compliance. We continue to deepen our relationships with community financial institutions such as U.S. Century Bank, offering new and needed services such as digital banking and payment solutions and infrastructure management.  Among the large financial institutions where platform architecture is more complex and requires a higher degree of customization, we continue to see activity around core platform enhancements, including an expanded services relationship for solution integration for Capital One.  Additionally, our mobile business showed significant growth in 2013 on all dimensions. We implemented more than 280 new clients to our mobile platform in 2013 and have a backlog of more than 150 additional institutions due to be implemented in the first half of 2014. This brings the total number of FIS mobile clients to more than 1,300 financial institutions, which is a 22% increase over prior year.  Mobile active end users grew 36% to $24 million. We also received strong third party validation of our mobile solutions through numerous awards, including winning 2013 Best in Class Mobile Banking Vendor Overall by both Javelin Strategy & Research and CEB TowerGroup.  Additionally we saw significant press coverage for our mobile solutions, especially our new Cardless Cash Access solution and Mobile Wallet. Based on this momentum and recognition, we believe 2014 will be another very strong year for our mobile banking business.  We also saw strong year-over-year growth in bill payment adoption, including more than 140 new implementations with more than 70 currently in process with implementation. We are pleased by several significant wins in Q4, including a large channel partner who will sell our bill payment solution to more than 600 member institutions. Additionally, we are also excited to add a large $15 billion mid-tier financial institution as a new bill payment client.  In our global financial institution market, we see continued demand for large transformational outsourcing deals that’s cost containment, regulatory pressures and front to back office transformation continues to dominate our client’s agendas. In Q4 two Tier I global financial institutions outsourced their program management function to FIS. This includes an expansion of the project, which we discussed during last February’s investor update. For both engagements FIS will provide access to strategic business processes and technology change experts. Each of these very large deals entails a multi-year engagement.  Next, moving on to how and where we are investing for growth in 2014. First based on the success we have seen in 2013, and the opportunities we see with global financial institutions, we are investing an incremental $30 million in 2014 to accelerate growth in this market. As you are aware, the majority of the IT spends comes from the largest global institutions. To capitalize on this opportunity, we are adding new global client partners, sales and client implementation support teams, as well as client centered marketing investments.  These dedicated client teams will bring highly valuable and differentiated offers to the global financial institutions. We believe this incremental investment will better position FIS to capitalize on the opportunity in this market and be a catalyst to further promote top line growth.  Second, we will continue to invest in solution innovation to further expand our client value proposition to drive new opportunities for growth. This includes investments into existing solutions, into early stage companies and by incubating an early stage exploratory consulting service that focuses on the disruptive technologies that are changing with the financial services industry to define new business models with our customers. We currently have several of these client initiatives underway through our innovation centers around the world.  In summary, before I turn it over to Woody, we are execution on our strategy to optimize performance and drive organic revenue growth. We delivered on our financial commitments in 2013 and we delivered consistently strong performance over the last five years during a very challenging environment for our clients.  2013 was another strong year of sales performance, underscored by large deal signings and new client implementations that are transformational in nature. We have strong momentum and visibility heading into 2014. We continue to strategically invest in key markets, in innovative solutions to drive profitable growth.  Now I’ll turn it over to Woody for the financial report. 
Woody Woodall: Thanks Gary. I’ll begin on slide 11 with a summary of our consolidated results for the quarter and the full year 2013. In the fourth quarter consolidated revenue increased 5% on a reported and organic basis after normalizing for currency and acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA increased 4% to $487 million and the EBITDA margin remained strong at 30.8% compared to 31.4% in the prior year quarter, reflecting continued growth in consulting and services revenue and increased corporate expenses.  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations increased to $222 million from $201 million and adjusted earnings per share increased 12% to $0.76 from $0.68 from the 2012 quarter.  For the year, revenue increased 5% on a reported and organic basis to $6.1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased 5% to $1.84 billion. EBITDA margin of 30.2% was slightly favorable to the prior year. The margin reflects that change in revenue mix resulting from strong growth in consulting and services and increased corporate expenses include sales and marketing, healthcare and continued investment in security and risk.  Adjusted earnings per share rose 13% to $2.83 per share, which is at the mid-point of the EPS guidance we provided in October. These results include a negative foreign currency impact of $0.02 for the year, including a $0.01 impact in the fourth quarter.  Next I will continue on slide 12 with the review of segment results for the fourth quarter. Financial Solutions revenue grew 4% to $604 million in the fourth quarter, driven by growth in consulting and digital delivery channels. Financial Solutions EBITDA increased 1% to $240 million in the fourth quarter. EBITDA margin remained strong at approximately 40% down from 41% in the prior year quarter, primarily reflecting higher consulting and services revenue.  Turning to slide 13, Payment Solutions revenue increased 3% to $618 million, and 4% excluding the check businesses, reflecting growth in electronic payments including debit, credit and network solutions. We continue to see an improving stability in the check related businesses, which totaled $110 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, compared to $115 million in the prior year. Payment Solutions EBITDA increased 7% to $262 million in the quarter and the margin increased 150 basis points to 42.4%, driven primarily by growth on our leverage platforms.  Now I'll cover our International business on slide 14. Organic revenue growth in our International business accelerated to 13% in the fourth quarter, driven by double-digit growth in Latin America and continued growth in Europe and Asia. Strong sales execution, implementation of deals previously sold and ongoing demand for consulting and services contribute to this strong performance.  International EBITDA increased 11% to $99 million for the fourth quarter. EBITDA margin was 27.7% comparable to the prior year, reflecting continued strong demand for consulting and professional services, increased processing revenue, partially offset by lower license revenue. Corporate expense was $114 million in the quarter, up $12 million from the prior year period, primarily driven by increased sales and marketing expense and higher healthcare costs.  Moving on to our reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP EPS on slide 15, GAAP earnings totaled $0.26 per share compared to $0.49 per share in the fourth quarter of 2012. GAAP results are adjusted to exclude $0.35 for the previously announced charge for acquisition related earn-out and incentive plans resulting from Capco’s consistently improving performance and growth prospects as outlined in the 8-K filed on December 20. This charge reflects the final settlement and amendment of the Capco earn-out and incentive plan provisions.  Fourth quarter results also exclude $0.13 per share in acquisition related purchase amortization and $0.02 per share in cost actions related to the rightsizing of our labor force in Germany. These costs are over and above normal course of business workforce reductions due to the unique nature of separation cost in the German labor market.  Moving on to cash flow on slide 16, adjusted cash flow from operations totaled $431 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. Capital expenditures totaled $98 million or approximately 6.2% of revenue, primarily reflecting increased investment in growth initiatives. This brings us to free cash flow of $334 million in the quarter, compared to $365 million in the fourth quarter of 2012.  For the year, adjusted cash flow from operations totaled $1.2 billion. Capital expenditures totaled $336 million or 5.5% of revenue, resulting in free cash flow of $826 million, which is consistent with our guidance for free cash flow conversion to approximate adjusted net earnings.  The year-over-year decrease in free cash flow primarily reflected lower cash tax payments in 2012. Our use of the cash flow during 2013 was consistent with our capital allocation priorities of investing for future growth, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders.  As shown on slide 17, we returned approximately $191 million to shareholders in the fourth quarter, including $65 million in dividends and $126 million in share repurchases. We repurchased 2.5 million shares in the open market at an average cost of $50.73 per share. For the year we repurchased 10.7 million shares for approximately 4% of the outstanding shares, at a cost of approximately $476 million or $44.58 per share.  The share repurchase program drove the decrease in our weighted average diluted share account to $294.2 million in 2013 from $297.5 million last year. At the end of the quarter basic shares outstanding were $288.2 million. Debt outstanding totaled $4.5 billion as of December 31. The weighted average interest rate was 4% at year-end. Total debt to EBITDA was 2.4 times, which is in line with our targeted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of at or slightly below 2.5 times.  Moving on to slide 18, I will discuss our outlook for 2014. We expect recorded and organic revenue growth of 4.5% to 6.5%, driven by accelerated growth in international and continued strong demand for consulting and services.  We anticipate EBITDA growth in line with revenue growth. This includes approximately $30 million of planned incremental investment, to take advantage of opportunities in the global financial institution market, which Gary mentioned earlier on the call. We believe the additional investment, which we are modeling to occur ratably throughout 2014, will enable us to accelerate our revenue growth. We expect to maintain strong EBITDA margin comparable to 2013.  As a reminder, termination fees in 2013 were skewed more heavily in the first half of the year and will create difficult revenue and profit comparisons in the first and second quarters of 2014. We’re anticipating the effective tax rate to be in the range of 33% to 34%, compared to 32% in 2013.  As a reminder, the 2013 rate benefited from favorable resolution of tax items and R&D tax credits. We expect 2014 adjusted earnings per share in the range of $3.05 to $3.16, which is an 80% to 12% increase over 2013. To be clear, this range includes $0.07 of incremental investment related to the global financial institution market.  We expect free cash flow to approximate adjusted net earnings. Planned uses of cash in 2014 are consistent with our existing capital allocation priorities, including reinvesting 5.5% to 6% of revenue in CapEx, maintaining debt-to-EBITDA at or slightly below 2.5 times and pursing tuck-in acquisition to augment our existing capabilities. In addition as Frank noted, our board recently approved a 9% increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.24 per share and offered us a new $2 billion share repurchase plan, which replaces the existing plan. Consistent with recent practice, we anticipate share repurchases to occur throughout the course in 2014. In summary, we are very pleased with our 2013 financial performance and consistent execution of our strategy. We are optimistic about our revenue growth and opportunities based on new client signings in 2013, combined with a strong pipeline headed in 2014. We remain focused on driving EPS growth and creating value for our shareholders. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we can now open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc.: Thank you. Good morning Frank and Woody.
Frank Martire: Good morning Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc.: So pretty solid revenue growth and guidance. Can you help bridge the gap between, lets say middle of the range, 5.5% revenue growth, which is certainly above expectations and the middle of the range, say 10% EPS growth. You announced the new expanded buy back. How much of that gap is buy back versus it sounds like there isn’t much debt paid down, margin expansion, and in terms of margin expansion, how much of a drag should the term fee impact from last year be in first half versus second half?
Frank Martire: Yes Ashwin, thanks. I’ll hit the last question first. If you remember, term fees were weighted about 70% in the first half with the term fees related to BMO about 70% in the first half compared to 30% in the back half. So if you take our $40 million term fee we disclosed, we’re looking at $28 million in the first half of the year as a tough comp.  In terms of looking at the composition of EBIDA versus EPS growth, first and foremost the investment is about $0.07 to be clear. So without that investment we’re looking at more of a 10% to 14% type EPS growth and that investment is about 50 basis points of margin. But bridging all the way down the EPS growth, your seeing us buy I guess $400 million, $450 million and $475 million over the last three years in terms of share buy backs. Leaving our debt at or around 2.5 times, not de-leveraging any further, you could see that increasing some what is our plan for 2014 in terms of share buy back.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc.: Okay, got it. So, just wanted to delve a little bit deeper into that $0.07 of investment. These types of investments obviously, while the impact is positive, they tend to rarely be one time in nature, because its ongoing you’re always investing in something. Is there a reason you are calling out that $0.07 of investment this time around? Is it related to any specific contract? I know the opportunity is very large, so it’s the right thing to do, but could you provide more details.
Gary Norcross: Yes, now Ashwin, this is Gary. I think that’s a great question. If you look at the success that we’re having with global financial institutions and frankly just look at the historic success of FIS, as we build traction in that market, as we’ve seen capital come on and penetrate the consulting services business and gain more share in that space and the success we’ve had there.  As we’ve gotten some of the signing as I highlighted two Tier I signings in Q4, we’re just very bullish on that market and see a very unique opportunity, and so based on that confidence that we’ve had from the past, we thought it was time to increase our go-to-market staff there. So you’ll see us adding people around global client partners, which in building out teams that we can square off against these very large financial institutions more effectively, because we think there’s other opportunities these that we’re just not getting. Obviously as Woody talked about earlier, there’s some mix issues as we see that, but we’re very confident that not only do we get strong revenue growth, we get strong EBITDA production through these engagements as well.  So the reason why we’re carving it out, it is an additional investment that’s not typical for us. We’ve waited to see us getting some traction and with that traction, with that confidence and with the opportunity, we think now is the time to invest more people to go square off on some of those sales engagements and we readily expect as you know, this should push our growth higher, and if it doesn’t, we’ll actually pull down the investment. But we feel confident that there’s enough opportunity there that we can growth this market.
Woody Woodall: The last is based on a couple of things. I think Gary just summarized it really nice. It’s the impact of the sales we’ve seen, that track record we’ve had. What is important is the pipeline we see in front of us.
Frank Martire: An opportunity.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc.: Yes, now it’s clearly understood. One clarification if I may; I got the $0.01 negative FX impact in 4Q, is there – I missed what the FX forward impact in 2014, what’s your assumption?
Frank Martire: We’ve kind of outlined organic growth, so we pulled out the FX on the revenue. To the extent we’ve got impact on the EPS line, a significant attachment, we’ll call it out on the individual call versus trying to give you any kind of headlights on that right now.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc.: Right. No, it makes sense. Thank you guys, congratulations.
Frank Martire: Thanks.
Woody Woodall: Thanks Ashwin.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brett Huff of Stephens Inc.; please go ahead.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Good morning guys.
Frank Martire: Good morning Brett.
Woody Woodall: Good morning Brett.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Congrats on some good momentum here. Just two questions from me; Gary you called out a few things; the finalization at Sainsbury, the new India bank deal, a couple of large program management deals and I think you used the term very large on all of them. Can you give us a sense; I think your policy is anything over $25 million TCV is called out. Where do these things stand relative to that, if you can give us additional color?
Woody Woodall: It’s a great question Brett and you know we typically stay away from sizing individual deals. We certainly sized the India ATM deal as $500 million, at the time we disclosed that. These are very large, they are much larger than the $25 million in size.  Sainsbury as you would imagine ramps up over a period of time, because it’s a very large implementation as we convert it onto all of our products and services, but all of these that I mentioned are much larger than the $25 million in size, so they are very good deals for us.
Frank Martire: And Brett I think the thing that’s happening here is what we talked about on our last few calls. As we went back a few years we used to talk about one or two large deals, now we talk about you know 10, 15, 20 significantly sized deals that are in our pipeline.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Okay, and then just to put a finer point on the investment, I want to make sure I get it. So this is – and Gary I think you answered it this way. It sounds like its mostly people and it sounds like its mostly – I don’t know if you call them sales or maybe business development or those kind of teams that are trying to figure out how you all can help some of these big FI’s; is that the right way to think about it?
Frank Martire: Yes, so if you think about it Brett, we’ve identified a number of financial institutions that fall in this category for us. Obviously there is actually more than what we put in this past quarter, but we think there’s about 30 institutions that we can truly square off against some of these opportunities and win new business, and so what we’re building at is dedicated teams for some of these financial institutions that we weren’t serving throughout the year.  I mean we were trying to serve them through the leverage teams, and what we’ve realized is really building out a robust team that can dedicate it to one of these global financial institutions; that’s where you’re going to find the opportunity. You’re going to start with typically some type of transformational consulting engagement. That will typically follow on like what we mentioned with some large program management opportunities and then you’re going to follow on with products and services as we’ve seen with the success at Sainsbury.  So we think the model works very well. We’ve proven that model throughout 2013. When we look at the opportunity across those institutions, the need to build out some more dedicated teams just makes sense.  So to Ashwin’s point earlier, it is a one-time, meaning it’s a one-time ramp, but these are going to be ongoing calls for these dedicated teams. Of course as we get success across these other institutions, don’t be surprised when we come back and build out additional teams for other larger institutions we’re not serving. But we’re very confident and bullish that there’s an opportunity here and that we need to go put up the teams in place to go get some of that opportunity.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Great, that’s what I needed. Congrats again. Thanks guys.
Frank Martire: Thank you, yeah.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Dave Koning of Baird; please go ahead.
Dave Koning - Robert W. Baird: Yes, hey guys, nice momentum.
Frank Martire: Thanks Dave.
Woody Woodall: Thanks Dave.
Dave Koning - Robert W. Baird: Yes, and I guess my first question is just mobile. You mentioned quite a bit of success in the mobile channel and a couple of things there, that is within the financial segment if I remember right and maybe how big in terms of total revenue is that?
Frank Martire: Yes, we haven’t disclosed total revenue around that Dave. What I can tell you is, it’s not a giant contributor at this point, but it’s growing very rapidly right now. So again, we haven’t disclosed a particular dollar amount, but the growth profile is extremely exciting.
Woody Woodall: Yes David, I wouldn’t call the number yet meaningful, but I would say to you the potential and the opportunity is very meaningful, that’s what we see.
Gary Norcross: Yes, at its current course and speed. I mean it will be a very major contributor to our overall top line and bottom line and it is within the financial segment and does show the traction that we’re just getting in North America and frankly building on the strength of the mFoundry acquisition.  So that’s turned out to be a phenomenal acquisition for us, the integration back into our channel delivery strategies has worked very, very well and we’re just thinking it’s a great momentum there. But it’s going to be a big contributor for us, there’s no question.
Dave Koning - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. And secondly just corporate class, you mentioned they were up again in Q4. I think for the full year they might have been up about 15% or so. Is that something now that’ll kind of baseline into 2014 or do you expect that to keep growing pretty fast?
Frank Martire: No, we expect that to be effectively flat to 2013 and ’14; that will be sort of the expected number. You saw a ramp up continuing in security and risk in 2013, which was the primary driver of that major growth component for the full year. We did see some increases in per-claim costs in our healthcare area in the back half of the year, but we believe that’s really more of a normal area. We expect corporate costs to be effectively flat.
Dave Koning - Robert W. Baird: Okay great, and then my final question. Just the deal signings have been really strong. I’m wondering, is there a kind of a timing throughout the year of revenue growth ramps or acceleration or do you expect growth to be pretty stable throughout the year.
Frank Martire: No, again, as we talked about the difficult costs, we’ve got some challenging comps in the first half of the year and believe a combination of the removal of those difficult comps, combined with some acceleration of these signings, revenue growing will be higher in the back half of the year this year.
Woody Woodall: As you know Dave, I mean you know this business well. That’s why we highlighted Cencosud on the call. You know we signed that in Q1, we implemented it in Q4. That’s about as aggressive as you can get with these large transactions, so there’s typically a ramp of anywhere from nine to 18 months, to bring these online. The India ATM deal was longer just given the scope, but a lot of these will be contributors in the first and the second half.
Dave Koning - Robert W. Baird: Sounds good, thanks. Great job.
Frank Martire: Thanks.
Woody Woodall: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Darrin Peller of Barclays; please go ahead.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Thanks guys. 
Frank Martire: Good morning Darrin.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Great, good morning everybody. So, just a first question on the buyback plan, I mean obviously a fairly material increase. But you said earlier, I think you bought back about half of what your authorization was last year and now with the $2 billion authorization. I mean are we talking about a pretty aggressive year of buy back with – I mean can you give us a sense of what percentage of authorization we should be looking for.
Frank Martire: Well, we haven’t really guided specifically to the dollar amounts in here, but you can see over the past three years our default use of cash has been share buyback. Should we find some M&A activity that’s accretive in nature and very strategic to us, we could do some of that, but again our default use is share buy back.  You couple that with leaving our leverage at 2 to 2.5 or slightly below 2.5, with EBITDA growth we could potentially take on some debt to maintain our leverage profile, but we’ll buy shares ratably. The buy back was over 40 years, so if you do that ratably, that’s a 500 million range or so and we’ll continue to take out option dilution as well, so.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: All right, that’s helpful, thanks. One other question, on the international side, I mean obviously you’re investing even more heavily in it now and we see the growth accelerating up to 13%, a pretty impressive rate.  Can you just give us another sense of the drivers going on? What sort of secular shift you’re seeing or how sustainable is this type of growth rate? I mean a little more specifics beyond just the consulting side and the Capco. Well, I mean Capco is a part of it, but a little more granularity would be helpful as to what we should really be looking for and what’s driving it?
Woody Woodall: Yes Darrin, I think there’s a couple of things. So first, I mean you got to look back historically. I mean we now had five consecutive years of very strong double-digit growth, compounded annual growth. So we’re very confident we can keep this continued.  Some of the things that’s driving it actually, the consulting component is actually a relatively small piece. We are just seeing great movement and we will talk about it on prior calls, tremendous movement towards our solutions and capabilities, especially on an outsourcing basis.  So you’ve seen three or four years ago a much heavier license component and much more discreet independent decision, today you are seeing the Sainsbury bank moving pretty much everything they have across core banking and payments on a full-on outsourcing basis.  You know those kind of deals didn’t occur three or four years ago. You’re seeing the India ATM, which is a huge ATM payment outsourcing engagement and then you continue to see our growth in Latin America. So what’s happening is these larger financial institutions within these countries, and as we talked on prior calls, we’re very focused on a dozen very discreet countries where we’re going deep in those countries by broadening our solution set in those.  You’re seeing them struggle under their own regulatory burdens. Frankly you are seeing them struggle on getting their cost out. Very similar to what we saw here in the U.S. and so for that they are turning and now starting to look for outsourcing opportunities and how to get on a product that’s being built for many institutions that they can leverage, and so that’s really the success of our growth.  And the reason why we’re bullish and feel good about the future in international is how robust the pipeline is. I mean when you look at the kind of deals the team’s engaging against, as I said three years ago we’re heavily license laden, now its almost all outsourcing. So that shift from license to outsourcing model has occurred much more rapid in the international markets than we thought, and it makes us much more confident.  And it also makes us – frankly the nature of our business makes us much more immune to economic shifts that occur within these countries. These are critical applications that are required to keep the lights on. So at the end of the day, no matter what’s going on in the economic, you got to process your payment transactions, you got to process your banking accounts and so we’re confident about on what the future holds for us in these markets.
Frank Martire: You know here in the international growth we look at, Capco’s been a great acquisition for us in consulting and it has done very well for us, but the international business stand alone has been incredibly successful for us over multiple years and that’s why you hear so much optimism here. 
Gary Norcross: To add some color to that, license revenue in the fourth quarter of ’13 was down 6%, revenue growth was 13%. So it’s a combination of processing and outsourcing deals and consulting as well.
Frank Martire: Right, which is a model we prefer, obviously you get license fees, you get a much more spiky revenue and profit screen, but this give us a much more predictable, and frankly gives us good vision into what the future holds. 
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: All right, just this last question and I’ll turn it back in the queue. In the domestic markets, I mean are we seeing the vendor consolidation that’s really driving this and there’s definitely been a lot more RFPs than we’ve seen. Like you said earlier, at any point in the past few years. Again, is that just a consolidation phase going on, we’re banks are thinking we prefer to use one or two or three vendors versus others or can you give us a little more color there and then I’ll just turn back.
Frank Martire: I think what we’re seeing in the U.S. is financial institutions are coming out of the financial crisis of 2008. They’ve weathered the storm. You see the number of closures have pretty much all gone away. So they’ve worked through their loan issues and now they are focused on how do you get more efficient? How do you get more leverage and more platforms that allow them to compete in the market and so because of that what we’re really seeing is not only in the largest banks, but all the way through the community banking market we are seeing a lot more RFPs, and I think its just a combination of weathering those storms and working through their own issues and now focusing on the future and all those drive great opportunities for us at FIS.
Woody Woodall: Darrin, they are looking to increase market share right and they are being aggressive about it and they know for a fact they needed more competitive products in order to be able to do that and that’s why I think you see that increased activity also.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Very good. All right, thanks guys.
Frank Martire: You’re welcome. 
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Tien-tsin Huang of JP Morgan; please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase: Hi, great. Good morning. Just a few follow-ups to some of the questions that were asked, all good questions. We’ve been hearing that there is a lot of inorganic opportunity, especially in Europe. I’m curious if that is consistent with what you are seeing in terms of where you are investing and I’m curious if your appetite to do acquisitions has changed, and if you’d be willing to do something bigger than just a tuck-in.
Frank Martire: We are starting to see more opportunities out there Tien-tsin as we look around. Frankly, as you know we’ve been very picky around what we look for. Frankly, it means to bring a new product and or service for an existing market we serve or break us into a new market.  Do we have some more room? We’ve done some tuck-in acquisitions throughout last year. Those have been very successful for us. Would we change our capital allocation policy? No. I mean we’re very focused on keeping investment grade; we’re very focused on as you see with the increase of our dividend of 9%, very focused on our share buy back in investing our solutions.  But would we do something that is more medium sized, that had the right fit and could drive, a company faster? Sure, we would look at that, but we’re really not in the market to just go buy overlapping product and services and troubled companies, that doesn’t make sense for us. We certainly have a lot of available cash in our international markets. As you pointed out, Europe, that’s very tax efficient to be able to use it that way, but we’re continuing with our very diligent approach to looking it up.
Woody Woodall: We talked to you a couple of years ago about being focused on organic growth and that’s what you’ve seen us do. We internalize, we’ve stayed focused on our organic growth with some tuck-in acquisitions. You never say never to something that’s large, right, but I think mid-tier and mid type acquisitions, some we may look at, but the reality is we’ve been very focused on organic growth in the company and we’re going to keep that focus.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase: Yes, this makes sense. So just in the global financial institution, this opportunity, so investing around the 30 institutions you’re talking about, a couple of questions there. Is Capco aligned with some of those relationships, and who are you competing with on some of these? Is it different or is it mostly just an in-house going to outsource?
Frank Martire: It’s a great question and honestly one that we’re – when you look we’ve been very pleased with the capital acquisition. It just couldn’t have gone better for us from the standpoint of their growth, really pulling that up under. Rob Heyvaert is the founder of Capco. We’re actually placing in him, placed our global financial institution business also up under Rob. So we see tremendous benefit as we pull the center of these together of the leading financial services consulting arm, with the leading product and services arm in the industry and so we do see some great opportunities there and those will naturally align.  Do Capco have relationships in those institutions? Yes. FIS does as well and so that combination we think will really be positive for us.
Woody Woodall: We leverage our relationship both ways. 
Frank Martire: Absolutely yes.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase: And then the competition for those big, for the big ones?
Frank Martire: Well, competition would be the list of the usual suspects, so obviously we’ve run into their centers of the world. We’ve run into the large Indian firms, still run into in-house development organizations a lot, right, so the technology on the financial institutions that we’re competing with. But as you can see in our recent success and signings, I mean we feel good about our capabilities, and keep in mind, the financial institutions are looking to bring not only their cost down, but being able to streamline their operations to compete more effectively and there is really no one better than FIS at doing that.
Woody Woodall: And we have a very unique opportunity with the combination of our services and our products as we bring it together.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase: Sure, sure. No, fingers crossed, you guys should get more than your share. Thank you.
Frank Martire: Thank you.
Woody Woodall: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Glenn Greene of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer:  Thank you. Good morning everyone. 
Frank Martire: Good morning. 
Woody Woodall: Good morning Glenn. 
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer: First question is really just a clarification for Gary and sorry to parse words here, but just on the investment, you sort of talked about it both as a one-time investment and then an ongoing cost. So just clarity, are we going to see that 50 basis point margin drag go away or come back in ‘15?
Woody Woodall: I apologize, you’re going to see a one-time ramp in resource and then obviously the resource will continue, but we expect that resource to drag some significant revenue opportunities for us. 
Frank Martire: Its incremental investment, ‘13 to ’14, but those ongoing payroll dollars, etcetera, should be in our numbers. But we probably anticipate to get revenue growth from returns on those investments.
Woody Woodall: Absolutely. I think what we’re saying is, we will manage it well. If we put incremental investment, its because we’re seeing a nice return. If we decided to tone back the investment and pull it back a little bit because we are not being as successful as we thought we would be. But right now we are incredibly optimistic that we will be. 
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer: Okay, makes a lot of sense. And then on your long-term guidance, obviously the 12% to 15% CAGR through ‘15, just sort of looking at the midpoint of your range for ’14, it kind of implies, if my math is right, about a 13% lift into ‘15 to get to the low end of the guide. Are you still confident in that 12% to 15% CAGR?
Gary Norcross: Yes, we’re still confident in our 12% to 15% CAGR. Haven’t adjusted anything on our long-term guidance. What we did do is to call out the margin expansion issue will be a little muted because of the specific investment. 
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer:
 :
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think I sill start around the international. You will see a continued acceleration of growth there. In our payments business you’re still looking at sort of low to mid-single digits and then the FSG is sort of low to mid-single, mid-single digit kind of growth there, with some acceleration in the back half of the year. 
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer: And then any commentary on margins? 
Woody Woodall: In terms of margins I would say, the consulting and services, the shift in the revenue and we’ll continue to put some pressure in the FSG business in terms of margin. We believe we will get some expansion internationally and then payments continue to have very rich margins. 
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer: Okay great. Thanks a lot. 
Frank Martire: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank; please go ahead. 
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank : Yes hi, good morning. 
Frank Martire: Hey Bryan. 
Woody Woodall: Hey Bryan.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank : Just wanted to follow up on Glenn’s questions there. On International, the acceleration of growth organic, I mean can that get up to mid to high teens or where do you guys think that goes, especially as we go into next year and then we think about the long-term growth rate of this business now with these investments?
Woody Woodall: Well we’re really pleased with the outlook from the fourth quarter at 13%, so I don’t know what mid to high means for you, but we’re very pleased with 13%. Our ’14 plan will allow the deal signings that we have; it looks pretty solid. So I would say we feel really good about our ability to continue to accelerate international revenue growth. 
Frank Martire: And just to add on that Bryan. Some of that, to Woody’s point, I mean we feel very confident in the growth, but a lot of these businesses are tied to transaction volumes and growth in those as well, and so that’s what’s exciting about some of this long term business.  When you look at the India component as an example, we keep bringing that up, but that’s going to ramp up over the three or four years. Right now we are seeing good adoption around those deployments and so as that continues, as financial inclusion grabs hold more throughout India, I mean we could further push our growth even higher. So we think there’s just a great opportunity here to consistently perform in the international market. 
Frank Martire: Bryan, what we like a lot is the recurring revenue model in this international growth. So once you get it, you have a long-term revenue steam coming from it; that continues as Gary just said, to grow. 
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank : Okay. No, that’s helpful. Just turning to the Financial Solutions Group, the EBITDA growth there was I think 1%. It had been hovering around – or for the year I think it was 6%. Just want to make sure I understand the components there that drag that down. It sounds like that probably continues; I’m guessing with the lack of M&I fees going forward. 
Woody Woodall: Yes, the term fee challenge is going to be there in terms of the FSG segment. Some of the term fees are also in PSG, don’t forget that. But what we are seeing really is that consulting and services growth and FSG putting some drag on margin in that particulate segment. Again, trying to accelerate top line growth and trading some margin expansion for profit dollars being the trade we are willing to make. 
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank : What is the breakout between the term fees between FSG and PSG?
Woody Woodall: I think we gave you some color on that in the third quarter. I might have to get back with you on that one though. 
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank : And then the follow-up question to that is, I know its $28 million for the first half. Just remind us, is it split equally between the first and the second quarter? I just want to make sure we set our models accordingly.
Woody Woodall: It was split pretty ratably, yes.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank : Okay, all right super. Thanks guys. 
Frank Martire: Thank you. 
Woody Woodall: Hey Bryan, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of David Togut of Evercore. Please go ahead. 
David Togut - Evercore : Thank you. Good morning gentlemen. 
Frank Martire: Good morning David. How are you?
David Togut – Evercore: Good. Gary, you highlighted the strength of bookings in the fourth quarter and for the full year overall. Can you quantify what bookings were, both for the quarter and for the year on a year-over-year basis? 
Gary Norcross: Now, we try to stay away from giving those type of numbers. David I can tell you it was up. As you know 2012 was a very strong year for us as well, 2013 was up over 2012. We saw sequential growth Q4 over Q3 and we continue to see a very robust pipeline.  So we do see as we mentioned throughout the call, our mix continues to change, but we think that’s a positive thing. It just helps the strength and capabilities of what FIS has to deliver and it allows us to square off where those opportunities are. So while we are seeing more opportunity around complex business services, complex outsourcing engagement, that’s a positive that we have capacities to deliver on that. 
Woody Woodall: David I will add some color. If you remember 2012, that was our highest sales year ever, including that $0.5 billion India deal and we had incremental growth over that. 
Gary Norcross: That’s correct, yes. 
David Togut – Evercore: I see, okay. And then just as a follow-up, Gary in your remarks you focused a lot on the large global FI market. But what are you seeing demand-wise from the small to medium-sized Financial Institutions in the U.S.? And if you could provide some color on pricing also, that would be helpful?
Gary Norcross: No, it’s a great question and I tried to bring some focus on the midsize and community banks. I mean if you referenced the mobile banking, if you reference the bill payment, if you look at those engagements, a lot of that is penetrated through the community and mid-tier markets. So we are still seeing strong demand for cross-sells and up-sells to that market.  Really that capability of that end-to-end outsourced solution or back office services is resonating there. From a competitive situation in that market, we see the same original, the same competitors you can name and while it is competitive, are we seeing any increase in pricing compression? In the aggregate, I would say no.  We run into an occasional deal where there is some significant price increase. But typically as we’ve done in the past, you’re able to cross sell and up-sell additional product and service that not only covers the price compression, but also grows our revenue stream for us and in a fairly good manner.  So we still are very bullish on that market. We think we’ve got a great position in that market and a great product suite and our sales team is executing very well. 
David Togut – Evercore: Great. Thanks for that, and just a final question for me. A couple of quarters back you talked about your contract with MCX. What are your expectations for the timing of the MCX launch and what magnitude of revenue would you expect this year and next from them?
Gary Norcross: Well, we’re going to have to leave the launch to MCX. That’s up to them to announce that. I know they’ve been kind of slow coming out with what their plans are. Its not been due to lack of work. I mean we talked about out pricing model. Really we are paid for building out and running the network and settling the transaction. So we really don’t have any interchange involvement at all. That’s going be settled out with the financial institutions and so as their transaction volumes grow, we naturally grow.  If you remember when we disclosed that for the first time in one of our quarterly calls, there are minimums in the contract and you will start seeing contribution this year from MCX to FIS from a revenue standpoint. 
David Togut – Evercore: Would it be material? 
Gary Norcross: It was a fairly sizable contract growth at the time we disclosed it. It’s a very nice engagement even with the minimums.
David Togut – Evercore: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Gary Norcross: Yes, thank you David. 
Frank Martire: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ramsey El-Assal of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies :  Hey guys. I wanted to drill down a little bit on the Payment Solution margin performance. Its really strong in the quarter. I know and Woody mentioned that this margin strength is set to continue going forward, and that I think you talked about growth in leveraged platforms helping. But I was wondering if you could parse out sort of the drivers of margin expansion in the Payment Segment, I guess in the quarter and going forward?
Frank Martire: Well, kind of conversely to what we talked about in Financial Solutions International, which has the consulting and services, which is a bit of a drag on margins. Because its in the leverage platforms, each incremental sale, each incremental revenue dollar comes out of a very high incremental margin and that’s a lot of what we saw this year. As we saw growth in bill pays, Gary described we continue to see growth in the network business as those dollars come on at a very good margin. So that’s really what we’re talking about. That’s the primary driver of what we saw in margin growth in 2013. 
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies : Okay. Switching gears, any impacts that you guys have perceived from the recent target breach, and I only mean that in the context of the demand environment for your services, whether an increased appetite for risk-related solutions, EMV migration or any potential pullback in consumer debit card spending or anything at all that you can kind of link to that high-profile target breach?
Gary Norcross: Yes, obviously Ramsey, I think that’s one the largest card breaches in history and we don’t do much on the acquiring side. So we are pretty much immune to it.  From an issuing standpoint, we are seeing some increased demand in the re-issuance of cards, which is very important in this process. We got capacity to do well over 200 million cards a year through that environment. We are starting to have more discussions around risk opportunities. In conclusion if you highlighted any EMV, that’s the strength of FIS, one of the things that we bring to the table that people don’t realize is we are one of the largest processes of EMV in the industry given our presence in Europe, given our presence in Latin-American and other areas. So our systems have been EMV enabled for years now and so we are very well positioned as EMV comes online in the U.S.  We got the capability to product those chip cards and so we are seeing, not in a lot of conversations, but starting to see some growth in actually re-issuance and some people looking – is this now the time to take advantage to go ahead and produce a chip card, given the fact that we got to go though the re-issuance process anyway. So that’s really been our exposure, what happened on our side of the target. 
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies : Okay. One last quick one, revisiting the India ATM deal, I know that was over a relatively long period of time. The revenues associated with that deal were expected to flow in. Where would you say you were in terms of, however you want to calculate the percentage of the implementation of being complete or innings or however you want to look at it? Where are you in terms of implementing that deal?
Frank Martire: Yes, so first I was just over there in Q4 for the BMB launch and obviously as you would expect, you can’t step foot in that country and not talk about that opportunity and where we are. The project is going very well. I think as we discussed when we announced that project, its about a four year ramp to get to full capacity. So I would say we are right on target with our projects. Still less that 50%, but the team is executing it extremely well.  Some of the other, as you might remember, that went out to bit and there were a lot of what they call circles that were awarded to various people and I do think some of the circles are struggling. We’ve actually seen some wins in new business in those circles that we didn’t win, because the financial institutions are looking to get ATMs deployed and the people that won those circles are struggling.  So once again I just keep coming back to, it really makes us encouraged about our opportunities because when you see FIS win these large complex things, the team executes very well, we deliver on time, on budget and hit the numbers, and so we are still very confident in the business phase. I would say we are still in the bottom half and the team is deploying exceptionally well. 
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies : Okay, thanks for your answers. 
Operator: Due to time constrains, our last question will be from the line of Peter Heckmann of Avondale Partners. Please go ahead. 
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners: Hey, good morning gentleman, I’ll be brief. Just to be clear, your growth guidance of 4.5% to 6.5%, is that constant currency or is that reported?
Frank Martire: This, it comes both reported and organic. 
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners: Okay, but I am seeing a fairly significant FX headwind in the first half of this year and so do we think in the first half we can still see 4.5% reported or it will be 4.5% minus the FX headwind?
Woody Woodall: I would say your 4.5% organic is what we are looking at. Additionally to it, first half of the year has difficult comps on the term fees that we talked about as well.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners: Okay, okay, that’s fair. And then I did have a question. It appears that one of your largest competitors on the card-issuing side is experiencing some fairly significant financial distress. Are you seeing a benefit from banks and credit unions looking to second-source or potentially explore alternatives given that financial distress?
Gary Norcross: You know we haven’t at this point Pete. We are such a large producer of plastics ourselves and typically we produce that plastic in relationship to our debit and credit operations. So while that business continues to grow, I mean it did perform well. We certainly have seen some increase in volume and we’ve associated that with targets, because a lot of them have been reissuing. But no, we’re not seeing just this massive influx of plastic production.  It’s been very steady and constant throughout 2013 and frankly we think that’s going to continue throughout 2014. As I said to the earlier question, we are seeing more demand around EMV issuance or chip-card issuance, which is positive and we’re prepared and are delivering that today. 
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners: Okay, fair enough. I appreciate it.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Martire for any closing remarks. Please go ahead sir. 
Frank Martire: Thank you. Well, thank you for your questions and interest in FIS. Over the last decade FIS had emerged as the global market leader in financial technology. Our scale, solution breadth, unmatched financial industry expertise enables our clients to succeed in this era of rapid change and financial services.  So let me conclude today’s call by reinforcing four key points; we operate FIS in a great industry with strong fundamentals. Our proven business model, including high recurring revenue and cash flow drives stability and predictability. We have a very strong track record of profitable growth. Finally, we remain focused on returning cash and driving superior returns for our shareholders.  Again, I want to thank you for joining us on today’s call. Have a great day. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. On behalf of today’s panel, I’d like to thank you for your participation in today’s conference call and thank you for using AT&T. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Frank R. Martire - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by, and welcome to the FIS Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Ms. Mary Waggoner, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary K. Waggoner: Thank you, Perky, and thanks to everyone joining us this morning for our third quarter earnings report. Frank Martire, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will begin today's discussion with a summary of our Q3 and year-to-date financial performance. Gary Norcross, President and Chief Operating Officer, will follow with the business summary and operations report. Then Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer, will continue with the detailed financial review, including our outlook for the remainder of 2013. Before we begin, I would like to cover a few housekeeping items. First, today's news release and the supplemental slide presentation are available on our website at fisglobal.com. Next, please refer to the Safe Harbor language on Slide 3 of the presentation. Today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. These non-GAAP measures are outlined on Slide 4. Reconciliations between the GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release. Now we will continue with the earnings report, which begins on Slide 6. I will now turn the call over to Frank Martire. Frank?
Frank R. Martire: Thanks, Mary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. FIS's third quarter performance was strong by all measures, as we delivered on all key metrics of growth, profitability and cash generation. Organic revenue growth accelerated to 5%, driven by strong performance within our International business, which grew 12%. EBITDA margin increased 50 basis points, and adjusted EPS rose 17% to $0.74 per share, while free cash flow increased to $229 million in the quarter. For the 9 months ended September 30, we delivered organic revenue growth of more than 4%, margin expansion of 40 basis points and 14% growth in earnings per share. Our cash generation and disciplined capital management have enabled us to return more than $0.5 billion to our shareholders since the beginning of the year through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. I am pleased with our solid results this quarter. Based on our performance through the first 9 months and our expectations of a continued healthy demand environment for the remainder of the year, we are confident that 2013 will be another good year for FIS, which is evident in our updated guidance. Woody will provide more details regarding our guidance later in the call. Looking ahead, we are excited about the future of the company. We are committed to delivering value creation through continued strong financial performance, coupled with a consistent return of cash to our shareholders. On behalf of the management team, I would like to thank our clients and our shareholders for their ongoing support, and our employees for their dedication and commitment to driving our continued success. Now I will turn the call over to Gary to share more about our performance and business strategy. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, Frank, and thanks again to everyone for joining us this morning. We continue to drive solid results, demonstrating our ability to deliver consistent performance and execute our strategic plan. We are particularly pleased with the growth in our International business, and we are on track to achieve our full year financial objectives. My remarks today will focus on 2 areas, the first being key sales highlights, which are driving organic growth and performance results, including in-quarter highlights from each of our 3 markets. The second area is the global market trends that reinforce our innovation investments and are driving demand for FIS solutions. Turning to Slide 8. I will begin with an overview of key sales highlights. We see ongoing demand in all the markets that we serve. We continue to add new clients and expand existing relationships for new logo sales and cross-selling to existing clients. We are also seeing continued opportunities around large and complex deals in the international and global financial institution markets, where FIS is uniquely positioned to deliver comprehensive consulting, technology and outsourcing service and support. We feel good about the strength of the sales pipeline and expect new sales contract value in 2013 to exceed our 2012 results. Next, I will provide sales highlights for each of our 3 key markets, North America, international and global, beginning with our International business given their accelerated progress this quarter. Echoing Frank's comments, we are very pleased with the momentum in our International business. Organic growth accelerated to 12% in the quarter, with double-digit growth across all geographic regions. We are executing against our sales plan and remain encouraged with the strength and quality of the sales pipeline. We continue to see increased opportunities around long-term outsourcing arrangements, which provide more predictable revenue and profit streams. There is great growth potential in Europe given client demand for solutions that improve their efficiency and profitability, which play to our strengths. As an example, Barclays Bank recently renewed its existing core processing relationship and in doing so will upgrade to the latest release of our core banking platform, giving them access to a much broader solution set and functionality. In addition, we are seeing opportunities to penetrate the mid-tier market in Central and Eastern Europe, where we recently launched a new real-time, cloud-based, core banking utility solution with our hosting partner. Turning to Asia. We continue to see strong demand for core processing upgrades, including Heihan [ph] Credit Union in China and KBank [ph] in Thailand. In addition, we are having tremendous success deploying our switching technology in new markets throughout Asia, which further signifies the success we are having to leverage our technology capabilities across our global business. As we announced earlier this month, FIS has been selected by eftpos to build a new centralized payment hub in Australia, replacing the existing bilateral networks. This is an important signing, as approximately 70% of Australia's debit transactions are processed through eftpos. FIS will provide ongoing processing under a multi-year agreement. Moving next to our global financial institutions market, we are making focused investments to expand -- further expand and grow our relationships within GFI. As we have discussed in prior calls, this market consists of the largest financial institutions in the world doing business across broad geographic areas. Demand is active in this market for a strong partner to help free up resources and capital to achieve transformative, profit-producing, customer-centric innovation. We are currently involved in active discussions with several prospects involving large, multi-year transformational outsourcing projects around global wealth, commercial and retail banking operations. These dynamics are also driving very good growth in our consulting business, both in North America and Europe. Finally, in our North America market, we see continued opportunities around our full range of solutions. While there is a consistent bias towards outsourcing, we are also seeing activity around in-house platform upgrades. There are several examples of key cross-sell activity in the quarter, including the Bank of Montréal, which will deploy our best-in-class check imaging software, and with Northern Trust and Bremer Bank, who will deploy our Mobile and Consumer eBanking solutions. Bremer, as you may recall, recently migrated to our FIS core solution. We also saw continued demand for our services and infrastructure support capabilities, including expanded agreements with SunTrust and ING Direct. Additionally, we are very pleased to announce a new call center agreement with MCX, where we will help bring their mobile commerce solution to market through a suite of FIS solutions and services supplementing our existing relationship. Across all these markets, financial institutions continue to shift investment dollars away from internal cost centers and redirect their spending toward growth by improving integration across channels and driving new ways to interact with their customers. The desire by consumers globally to bank anytime, everywhere, is fueling important change around the delivery of financial services, which is accelerating interest in our broad range of digital channels. This leads to my second discussion area, FIS solution innovation. We are very pleased that our investment in solution and service innovation are hitting the focal point of market demand. Driven by a consumer-centric use of mobility, social channels and the opportunity in analytics, the financial services industry is in the midst of the most significant evolution involving customer delivery in 40 years. This evolution drives financial institutions, retailers and alternative payment providers to engage with consumers in new ways and to build customer loyalty through digital channels, which is fueling new opportunities for partnership and collaboration. Our longstanding relationships in the core banking, payments and retail space place FIS in a unique position to help move the industry forward. As a result, we are seeing very strong interest around our FIS money movement solutions, including our Mobile Wallet with Cardless Cash Access. Many of you had the opportunity to preview this solution at our investor update. It was also recently showcased at the Money2020 conference, which garnered significant national TV and syndicated news coverage and very positive feedback with conference attendees, including the newly planned launch by City National Bank, which we announced in early October. FIS Cardless Cash Access will be deployed in Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York City over the next few quarters. Additionally this quarter, we introduced our new FIS Active Analytics suite, which helps financial institutions tap into new revenue streams through more precise segmentation and dynamic cross-sell capabilities. FIS Active Analytics is built using our extensive data analytic capabilities, which include market-leading merchant offers, loyalty and rewards programs, as well as segmentation and tailored pricing capabilities. This suite and our digital solution investments underscores FIS commitment to lead the industry in delivering innovative solutions that drive new revenue, expanded wallet share and expense efficiencies and create deeper, more profitable relationships for our clients. Turning to Slide 9. In summary, we feel good about our competitive position in all 3 of our markets and our ability to generate new sales, as evidenced by our continued growth and strong overall performance. We continue to advance our business objectives to accelerate growth in our international market and invest to further expand and grow our relationships within global financial institutions. We are seeing strong market interest in our innovation, especially in solutions that are modernizing customer interaction models, such as Cardless Cash Access solution and Active Analytics suite. Finally, we are very pleased with our progress and results. Our momentum is strong. Demand for our solutions remain substantial. All of these are very good indicators that 2013 will be another year of strong, predictable performance from FIS. Now, I'd like to turn things over to Woody for the financial update.
James W. Woodall: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 11 with a summary of our consolidated results. Consolidated revenue increased 5% on both a reported and organic basis after normalizing for currency and acquisitions. EBITDA growth outpaced revenue growth, with an increase of 6% to $470 million. As a result, EBITDA margin expanded 50 basis points to 31.3% from 30.8% in the third quarter of 2012, reflecting favorable revenue mix and disciplined cost management. It's not on this slide, but other income and expense was $7 million favorable to last year's third quarter, primarily due to investment gains that were realized on the sale of marketable securities and foreign currency gains. The investment gains were contemplated when we put our plan together for 2013. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations increased to $218 million, and adjusted earnings per share increased 17% to $0.74 from $0.63 in the 2012 quarter. As Frank said, it was a very good quarter any way you look at it. Year to date, revenue increased 4% on both the reported and organic basis. Adjusted EBITDA increased 6% to $1.35 billion, and the margin expanded 40 basis points to 30%. Adjusted earnings per share rose 14% to $2.07 per share. Next, I will continue on Slide 12 with the review of segment results. Financial Solutions revenue increased 2% to $579 million in the third quarter and grew 1% organically, driven by the growth in consulting and digital delivery channels. Financial Solutions EBITDA increased 7% to $239 million, and EBITDA margin expanded 170 basis points to 41.4%, driven by disciplined cost management and increased termination fees compared to the prior year quarter. As anticipated and communicated on prior quarters' calls, Financial Solutions have had particularly difficult comparisons related to prior year de-conversions, which affected growth in current year processing and professional services revenues. Turning to Slide 13. Payment Solutions revenue increased 4% to $602 million, reflecting growth in document output solutions, card loyalty programs and network solutions. Strong software license sales and higher termination fees also contributed to the revenue growth. In the third quarter, our check-related business experienced growth due to strong license sales, which resulted in an increase in revenue to $115 million from $107 million last year. Year to date, revenue from these businesses was $324 million, consistent with the same period last year. Payment Solutions EBITDA increased 9% to $255 million in the quarter, and the margin increased 170 basis points to 42.4%, driven primarily by favorable revenue mix. Now I'll cover our International business on Slide 14. Organic revenue growth in our International business accelerated to 12% in the third quarter, driven by double-digit organic growth in all regions. The growth has been driven by strong sales execution, implementation of deals previously sold and ongoing demand for consulting services. International EBITDA increased 14% to $81 million in the third quarter. EBITDA margin expanded 110 basis points to 25.3%. Corporate expense increased $18 million to $106 million in the quarter, driven by higher incentive compensation and health care costs. This is consistent with the level I guided on last quarter's call. Moving on to cash flow on Slide 15. Cash flow from operations totaled $311 million in the third quarter of 2013. Capital expenditures totaled $82 million or approximately 5.4% of revenue, which brings us to free cash flow of $229 million compared to $193 million in the prior year quarter. We continue to anticipate free cash flow for the year to be in line with adjusted earnings. Our uses of free cash flow during the third quarter remained consistent with our capital allocation priorities of investing for future growth, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. As depicted on Slide 16, we returned $189 million to shareholders in the third quarter, including $64 million in dividends and $125 million in share repurchases. We repurchased 2.7 million shares in the open market at an average cost of $46.69 per share. Year to date, we have repurchased 8.2 million shares at a cost of approximately $350 million. The share repurchase program drove a decrease in our diluted share count to 293.2 million in the quarter from 297.9 million last year. At the end of the quarter, basic shares outstanding were 291.1 million. Approximately $300 million remains available under the existing share repurchase authorization. Debt outstanding totaled $4.8 billion as of September 30. The weighted average interest rate was 3.8% at quarter end. Total debt to EBITDA was 2.7x. This is slightly above our targeted debt-to-EBITDA ratio, which is at or slightly below 2.5 turns. We anticipate reaching our target by the end of the year. Moving on to Slide 17. We are updating our outlook for the full year. We now expect reported and organic revenue growth of 4% to 5%, an increase from our previous range of 3% to 5% for organic growth. We continue to expect margin expansion to be towards the lower end of our original 30- to 50-basis-point range for the full year due to revenue mix. We have narrowed our range for adjusted earnings per share to $2.80 to $2.87 per share, which represents growth of 12% to 15%. This compares to our prior guidance of $2.77 to $2.87. Finally, we continue to expect free cash flow to approximate adjusted net earnings. Before I open the line for questions, I would summarize a few key takeaways for the quarter. The third quarter was a very strong quarter by all measures. We are encouraged by the accelerated organic revenue growth rate in our International business. We are updating our guidance to increase the lower end of our guidance ranges for organic revenue growth and earnings per share, and we remain focused on deploying cash in value-enhancing ways, including investing for future growth, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. That concludes our review of the third quarter results. Operator, we can now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citibank.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess my first question is with regards to the large deals that you continue to sign and have signed already. Can you provide us with an update on how some of them are progressing? Deals like Sainsbury in India, and I know the eftpos thing is new, but on that. And related, I wasn't clear if the BMO check imaging thing is incremental to what you had, or were you just announcing a, like a milestone or something like that?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, let me -- Ashwin, this is Gary. Let me hit these, and then the guys can add anything they want. The BMO one, the check imaging deal was incremental. That was a new win for us. And we've obviously got substantial presence in the check imaging business, and so that's a very nice win by the team in North America, selling that product to BMO. Sainsbury is doing very well. We're still in the process of finalizing the agreements, but as we announced last quarter, we're actively already engaged into, with the client on deployment. And that bank will be ramping up throughout 2014, and they're already paying for the services that we're providing to them on the professional services front. So Sainsbury is going very well from a project standpoint, implementation standpoint and even sales standpoint. You also highlighted the India ATM business. That project is going very well. I was over there earlier this year. I'm scheduled to go back over there in the next month. But that project is progressing on target, on budget, on schedule. So we're very pleased with the results, and we're starting to see, obviously, some of the results of these projects flow through the financial results of our International business. The eftpos deal just got signed, so it's just getting started, but once again, will be a very significant project once we get that fully deployed throughout 2014.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And your comment with regards to 2013 bookings being better than 2012, should we expect that to have a corresponding benefit on revenue growth in 2014? Was that the implication or is there something different about the nature or term or ramps associated with these contracts that you've been signing that can affect that?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we'll certainly talk and provide guidance for 2014 at the start of next year, but we do believe that our total contract value metric that we follow internally is a good indicator of our sales engine, and we do look for that sales engine to push more sales results than the prior year. And as you would expect, that's a good contributor force for the future. These contracts come on in different timeframes. Some of the projects are longer in nature, and some of them are short, like the BMO license deal on the check imaging. So we'll provide guidance early next year, but we think the sales engine is performing very well in the market.
James W. Woodall: But Ashwin, to restate the obvious, right, the more of the larger deals we get signed and sort of in our backlog, the better visibility we have into our revenue growth in the out-year.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, you look at that, Ashwin, and you look at the larger deals, and some of them take a while to come on completely. But when you look at the years 2014, '15, '16, they'll have significant impact.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. And I guess the segments are all doing quite well. The one that slowed down a little bit is financial. I know through 2012, it grew kind of 6% to 8% through the year, and this year, it's decelerated a bit. Maybe you could give a little more color on that and if this is kind of a short-term slowdown. It sounds like the pipeline is so good that we shouldn't really worry about it much, but just wondering kind of what's progressed kind of in the last 6 quarters or so.
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think we tried to kind of give you some color around that last quarter and this quarter on that. We had a large de-conversion last year, so we had processing through the third quarter last year around that, as well as services connected to the de-conversion. We also had a full ramp-up of another global commercial services deal in the third quarter. So it had some pretty challenging comps in the third quarter. Tried to give you guys some color around that. I think it's more short term in nature than long term in nature.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great, great. And then I guess the one other thing I just wanted to ask a little more about is I know this year -- I think the M&I termination fees were going to be in the ballpark of $40 million. Just if that's kind of on track and then that's kind of the headwind that we can expect into 2014. Is that still pretty fair?
James W. Woodall: Yes, no shift in the BMO termination fee. That $40 million and the timing of that $40 million is exactly what we've been talking about for a number of quarters now.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. One, as we think about -- and I know you're not giving guidance for '14, but I just want to make sure that as we think about the 30- to 50-basis-point margin expansion this year and we're coming at the lower end, I think, because of some of the mix, as we look to next year, I think everybody's trying to figure out, have we sold enough this year in the bookings to help the grow-over in EBITDA next year from M&I, but just given the margin profile this year at the lower end of the range, how should we think -- what are the benefits that are going to get us potential margin expansion next year as we look forward?
James W. Woodall: Yes, good question. I think a couple of things. One, we have been talking and seeing a good bit of change in mix. We continue to see less and less software sales as a part of our overall revenue composition compared to the relative size of professional services. Those professional services are adding overall growth in revenue and producing good profit dollars, but they don't come on at the same margin rate as the processing dollars. So we've seen sort of some expectation around the lower end of our range there. Those term fees come on at 100% margin, so they're challenging to replace that profit. But we have seen very good growth in professional services. We've seen very good growth in a number of our different new innovative type services. So we feel really good about the revenue side of the equation for next year. Margin, we continue to look at cost every year. We continue to make sure we take a turn at the dial and get as efficient as possible every year, and we'll give further guidance in 2014. But we feel good about the profile we've laid out for you guys, that sort of 4-year profile on 4% to 7% revenue growth and 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion. So we're still hanging on that guidance.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, I think that's right, Brett. I mean, when you look, I mean, obviously, we said very early on, when you start looking at replacing M&I, it's going to come on in a number of different forms and a number of different areas, whether we highlighted some of the international success of India ATMs in Sainsbury, but frankly, even some of the electronic delivery channels that I highlighted in my prepared remarks. When you look at the volume adoption there as well, those products come on at very high margins as they can continue to grow. So to Woody's point, there's going to be a different mix, but we're very comfortable with our guidance for the future, and obviously, we'll be sharing more about that in 2014.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That's great. And just one follow-up. Can you give us a TCV for the Australia eftpos? I think that we were all pleased with how large the India ATM deal, and I'm trying to figure out, is the TCV sort of that size? Or can you give us any color on that?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. No, we're going to try to stay away from individual deals. It would be considered in our pipeline a very large transaction for us, but it is smaller than the India ATM transaction. But it's definitely a very noteworthy signing for us in Australia.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Can you update us on the growth in the Banco Bradesco joint venture in Brazil, specifically, what type of year-over-year account growth you saw in Q3 and what sort of growth you expect over the next 12 months or so?
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think as we talked about full color on international, we saw double-digit organic growth in all regions. And that would be Asia Pacific, Europe, as well as Latin America. Looking at the rest of Latin America outside the joint venture, we saw very significant growth and saw double-digit growth in overall Latin America, including right at double-digit growth in the joint venture. We continue to see good adoption there. We continue to see additional services and add-ons there. So very pleased with how the venture continues to perform. We wouldn't change any of our outlook. We continue to believe we're going to get double-digit growth out of that entity for the foreseeable future, Dave.
Frank R. Martire: And what we like is that all of the regions grew, internationally, for us, so we were pleased with that.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Can you sustain double-digit revenue growth in Brazil despite the slowing in the economy?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, right now, yes, I think for the foreseeable future, as Woody said, I think we do believe we can. The joint venture is bigger than just Bradesco, but all of our partners continue to operate well in that market. Payments are growing very, very rapidly. As we all know, we've got the World Cup and Olympics coming. So there's a lot of big catalysts that we think will further propel the payments market for us. And so we do, we feel good about Brazil. And all indicators are across the board for us in that market is we're not going to see a significant impact in the foreseeable future.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The check imaging business grew for the first time in -- it has to be many years. I guess if you take out the BMO check imaging deal, what do the underlying trends in that business look like? And how should we think about that business, let's say, over the next year or so?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, as we talked about in the past, David, check imaging, this is one of those businesses that you wouldn't get into in 2013, but we've been in it for a substantial amount of time. And frankly, our leadership in that group has done a phenomenal job. We actually saw growth in our processing business as well, just not the large software license deal. And as we talked about in the past, what's occurring is the volumes continue to drop in financial institutions, and they're now across the board getting to a level where people are looking to outsource that. And so our sales success has been strong in that market. Obviously, our leverage and scale is very, very strong as well. So it comes on at good revenues and good profit for us. So we think it's going to continue for a couple of years at least with being a positive contributor.
Frank R. Martire: And Dave, there's a movement towards outsourcing, because a lot of these who do it on their own, because the volume is going down and can't do it cost effectively anymore because of the unit cost. So there's a movement towards outsourcing for those who were doing it themselves, and obviously, that's an opportunity for us.
James W. Woodall: So Dave, if you go back the last couple of quarters, we had seen the rate of decline in that business beginning to slow. And we said a couple of quarters doesn't necessarily make a trend. Even if you pull the licensing deal out, that rate of decline continues to slow. So we've got 3 quarters in a row of good performance out of that business unit.
Gary A. Norcross: And that's as much as we're also bringing on new customers all the time in that business. So it's a combination of those 2 things impacting those numbers.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Final question -- quick final question for me. Woody, you kind of reiterated the long-term model of 4% to 7% organic revenue growth. You're at the lower to midpoint of that range for this year. What would it take you to get up toward the higher end of that organic growth target over the next 12 to 24 months?
James W. Woodall: Well, first, remember this year had about 100 basis points of headwind from the BMO de-conversion. So looking at it in a more normalized view, we were more than that 4% to 5% already. If we continue to see the larger transformation deals, we continue to see heavy consulting. But these larger transformative deals could definitely accelerate growth for us.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, I think, Dave, if you watch for the pipeline on the larger deals, as we watch it closely and as that continues to grow, we become more confident of our organic growth and what it could be.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I guess my first question, maybe a financial for Woody, but specifically on the financial margins, despite the somewhat soft revenue growth, which I know you sort of anticipated and called out, but maybe you can sort of help us understand how you got 170 basis points. And just broadly, I mean, you've been talking about the revenue mix not helping you, but the margins actually look really strong this quarter across segments. It seemed like the major drag was the corporate.
James W. Woodall: Yes, we saw some higher license fees in the third quarter than anticipated. We had kind of planned for, for full year, but think they may have flowed into the third quarter. We have, had seen a little higher termination fees in the course of the year, as well as through the third quarter, so we had a couple of higher-margin items that we had sort of planned for full year that flowed into Q3 versus Q4, Glenn.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Any impact to 4Q that we should thinking about as that relates to that?
James W. Woodall: Well, overall still, looking at the guidance, we kind of moved up to 4% to 5% on the revenue side of it, but we don't anticipate having that same level of licensing in the fourth quarter.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe for Gary, just a quick update on the Capco traction you're seeing both in the U.S. and Europe and maybe an update on MCX progress.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, on Capco, we continue to execute very, very well. Our consulting business, both in U.S. and Europe, it continues to perform at double digits. The engagement in the global financial institutions, as I've talked about in my prepared remarks, I mean, we're really continuing to see great traction around consulting. So we're very pleased with Capco. We're very pleased with what's in our pipeline, and frankly, some of the results we've already had through some signings there. So Capco is continuing to be a great performer for us over the last couple of years. When you look at MCX, MCX continues to grow very well. I mean, we highlighted the Money 2020 conference, there was a lot of activity around MCX at that conference as well. We talked about the new signing of the call center business, which augments our prior signing with them. So our relationship continues to expand. And we think there's still good potential for that engagement in the long term to generate some meaningful revenue and profit for FIS.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Any idea on what sort of timeframe for like a full rollout of it?
Gary A. Norcross: We're leaving that up to them. I mean, they're in control of their timeframe. We're doing some work for them as we speak, and so -- but we're going to leave it up to them to roll out the timeframe for deployment.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just want to start off with, first, the mix again in terms of what's growing and what's really not, in terms of how that impacts margin, sort of as a follow-up question to earlier. Obviously, in the Payments side, we saw card loyalty and output you guys called out, as well as the network solutions. I mean, are those the areas that you expect to continue showing strength? And can you just touch on whether those are really margin-accretive or margin-dilutive to the rest of the business in the Payments segment? And then similarly for financials, a little bit more on Capco and just the consulting side overall, the sustainability and growth in that area, given sometimes it's perceived to be a little bit more discretionary at times, and the margin profile, how that can impact the margins of the business over the next year.
James W. Woodall: Yes, if you go to Payments, I think the ones we called out are the areas we continue to expect growth out of. I would tell you they come on at margins at or above overall company margins. So those revenue dollars are very high-quality revenue dollars, and we're excited about the growth in those areas. We're also seeing pretty good growth out of bill pay still, continue to see growth there, which is obviously good margin business as well. Moving to FSG, we've seen professional services, both in the Capco consulting dollars, but also in what I call sort of the traditional FIS consulting dollars. The traditional FIS consulting dollars are less discretionary. And if you look over the past several years, including through the financial crisis, those type services are ones that are more mission critical to the institutions. The consulting dollars are in fact that. They may be more discretionary, but as the institutions have come out and started looking forward again, how to repair brand, how to improve customer experience, how to reduce cost in their business models. We continue to see a lot of activity with the Capco group and the expertise those guys have in that area.
Frank R. Martire: And Darrin, in the area of Capco, too, it's interesting some of the things they're doing in change management and so on, where that's become much more sticky as we would say, because when a client decides to go and use us for doing it, it's not so discretionary anymore, right? They've committed to a certain process.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, that was kind of the point I was going to make, Darrin. I mean, we use the term consulting to reference Capco. But the reality is what we've done over the last couple of years, the team's done an excellent job, while consulting is still a component, longer-term professional services, longer-term project work is becoming a broader and broader component of their book. So it gets -- it becomes a little less lumpy when you think about those, because those projects can spread 12, 18, 24 months. And then as Frank said, as we start getting into some of the change sourcing areas that we've announced in prior quarters, those are multi-years. So just like everything we've done traditionally over the years, as we've had a lot of businesses that will have lumpiness in their revenue line and we try to move those to a more reoccurring model. International is a great example of that. We've seen that at Capco. And then to Woody's point, when we think about the professional services on the FIS side, that's really wrapped around our FIS product. So it really is part of -- we've had professional services engagements that have been going on for 10 years because it's just part of delivering that product into our service for that financial institution. So we feel very good about managing the discretionary side of Capco at this point in time, as I've said, each becoming a smaller percentage of the overall revenue.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right, that's promising for next year. Just one quick follow-up on the -- back to the term fees and the timing. I know there's approximately $40 million expected and then about a 1% headwind from the overall for the year. But can you just give a sense on, again, timing on -- how much might have impacted this quarter's acceleration versus last quarter's year-over-year organic growth rate and then just remind us, I mean, all of that should roll off by the end of this year?
James W. Woodall: Yes, the BMO term fees were about $40 million, 70% first half of the year, 30% in the back half of the year, no shift in that timing at all. We did see a little bit of additional term fees in the quarter, as well as some licensing fees in Q3. And that's what kind of was favorable to the mix this quarter. That was probably -- the licensing fees were -- we anticipate a pull forward from Q4.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And again, the whole 1% sort of net impact of all the different moving parts anniversary at the end of the calendar year, right?
James W. Woodall: That is correct, absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Smith with Sterne Agee.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Can we just get what the actual term fee number was in the quarter?
James W. Woodall: I don't have that right in front of me. Hold on. I can get back with you on that one.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. I mean, was it materially above, $70 million [ph]?
James W. Woodall: No, it wasn't materially above where we already guided to. We have the BMO number already in there. We had one other small term fee in there. But obviously, we're down to splitting hairs at this point. You're talking about something that's basis point of growth. I mean, you're not looking at a significant item for overall growth. The overall growth in the quarter was very solid across all markets.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes, okay. And then just wondering if you saw, in any of your Payment volumes in the U.S., did you see any impact from the government shutdown at all at the end of the quarter or into October?
Gary A. Norcross: We really didn't. We watched that very closely as you would expect, but no, we didn't see any impact.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then is there anywhere just geographically where you're seeing the economy start to improve and potentially benefiting your business as we look forward? It sounds like you're seeing pretty good demand everywhere. But is the economy a potential driver of anything significant into the end of the year and into '14?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I think as we talked in the past, and we continue to see that steady recovery, when you look outside of the U.S., really all of our geographic regions are doing very well. We're seeing a different demand depending on the region for the type of product and/or service that's being driven. But we continue to see good, steady recovery. Frankly, a lot of the areas in international or outside of the U.S. that are still having problems, we really don't do much in those particular countries. Then when we get into U.S., we continue to see strong growth in the large financial institution space and the global financial institution space, good interaction. Certain community markets, community bank markets, some areas of the country are actually getting down to the individual financial institutions. Some of those are performing better because they've just -- they've weathered through the market crisis better than others. But across the board, as you said, we're seeing good, strong demand and good, strong signings by the sales team.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I've got a couple, actually. Just overall, it sounds like you feel pretty good about the integrated sales approach in FI. Could you just comment a little bit broadly on the competitive environment? Are you mostly competing with internal solutions when you go to market or third parties? And have your competitors changed in a meaningful way?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, well, I mean, it's a good question. And honestly, the answer to that question depends on the type of institution and the size of the institution you're dealing with. Clearly in the community markets in the U.S., we're really not seeing a material change in our competitors, and it's been very consistent in our go-to-market strategy and our interaction with those competitors. As you get into the large financial institution space, especially in the global financial institution space, you're going to get into a different breed of competitor altogether. It typically is either going to be in-house developed or it could be other large consulting services firms, some of the large offshoring firms. So there's a very different mix of competitors in that space. Frankly, when we get over in international, I would say it's probably more heavily weighted towards in-house developed than even some of the other larger consulting firms. But the quick answer is it all depends on the size of the institution and the type of service that we're discussing with them.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if you look at your win rates, just globally, if you could generalize, would you say that they're stable or improving?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, I would say we're seeing very good win rates in the deals we're pursuing across all of our markets. We'll still get frustrated from time to time because we won't participate in a deal for some reason. And we still lose some from time to time. But all in all, given the strength of our pipeline, frankly, given the strength of our signings year to date, we feel good about our sales team's execution.
Frank R. Martire: And on balance, we feel good about the results that we've had over the last several years and going forward.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And then as a follow-up also, just looking at the U.S., obviously, you read a ton about mobile solutions in many different manifestations. I'm not sure that we've seen a pricing model emerge. Could you just opine a little bit on whether you think banks are going to charge their customers for access to mobile apps or wallets, whatever the case may be? And if not, what's the long-term economic model around those offerings?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, it's a great question. We're seeing a little bit of all of the above at the moment. We have met with clients in the last 30 days that are charging a lot. They are charging and actually doing quite well with adoption and penetration, found customers who are pursuing a different path, where they're providing it as a service to their clients, to move some volume out of their more expensive channels. So I do think that the consumer is going to push mobile and some of these new transformative mobile channels, and so the result of that is financial institutions, like a lot of things that they've done historically around, charging for certain types of accounts or certain services, they're going to slowly move towards some type of a way to monetize that channel. And I think that it continues to be a consistent trend.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And if they're challenged, does FIS still have a viable long-term revenue stream around those solutions?
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely. I mean, we've been paid for years for channels that they've given away as part of their competitive advantage. People don't charge to walk into a branch, and we sell products and services for branch automation every day. And so whether a client charges for a particular channel or not won't have any issue around our pricing or our ability to grow that business.
Frank R. Martire: The determination for the banks is how to do it cost effectively. They have to make the service available. And it keeps growing, and they know it. That's their challenge.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just want to build on Greg and Andrew's question, just I guess on enterprise sales or bank sales. Obviously, banks are facing a lot of compliance costs. I think looking at bank results, expenses were generally down. So surprised to see license sales coming through. And you talked a lot about core upgrades in general. So just curious, I mean, is there a greater force here that's driving bookings? Are you guys in the sweet spot and other places are getting cut? Just trying to understand sort of the health of discretionary spend and secular spending for banks in the business that you provide.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I think there's a couple of things going on here. I mean, first, we've talked about it over the last several years. Our breadth of solution offering allows us to be able to sell into the financial institution given where they are prepared to spend money. So when you look at FIS, there's no one in the industry that has a broader product suite and a broader service mix than FIS. And so we get to capitalize in our sales cycle based on where the current project or current focus area is for a financial institution. So that is one backdrop. So if you want to call that being in the sweet spot, then we certainly will take that. But it's really back to the breadth of solution. When you look at some of these signings, that's why I had to mention multiple competitors in the earlier question. There's not a class of competitor out there that has everything that we have to offer, and therefore, we can maximize that in our sales channels. There's also -- keep in mind, Tien-tsin, these are mission-critical applications and services. You have to offer these type of services for the financial institution to operate. And so the debate here is not whether you're going to offer mobile or whether you're going to offer wallet or whether you're going to offer some type of other change-sourcing service. The question is when are you going to offer that. And so it's up to us to make sure that we've got the best solution in those areas and the most integrated solution and can drive the most benefit, to Frank's earlier comment.
James W. Woodall: And Tien-tsin, to follow up a little bit on that, too, one of our tenets is being able to offer our services and that reduced cost for the institution.
Gary A. Norcross: That's right, absolutely.
James W. Woodall: So as they look to us, it's helping them in that model of reducing discretionary spend and reducing cost in their overall business model.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, makes sense, the idea of cutting and investing. Just as a build on that, to Gary, the professional services side of it, I mean, now that you own that for -- you've owned that for some time, is that increasing your win share, you think, in general?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, I think it is. I think we're seeing the benefit of being able to engage early on in the consulting. This is obviously more of a global financial institution comment or a large financial institution comment. But it's allowing us the ability to really get engaged on the front end when financial institutions are trying to diagnose the problem, right, and what the solution is to that problem. And that typically leads into professional services around project and program management and selection and deployment. And we've seen, through some of our announcements in recent quarters, that's now resulting in long-term services engagements. You're also seeing it over on our product side as well. A lot of the larger financial institutions, as they came through 2008, they froze their spend. And so as they've recovered and as they've started to invest, you're now seeing them turn to FIS, to invest in services around the FIS products they have to deploy to get them up to speed. We talked about Barclays earlier. That's a big move for Barclays, to move from a solution that they hadn't upgraded in a number of years up to our latest release. And so that will drive -- that's a long-term project. It will drive a lot of services and a lot of results for FIS as part of that.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right. It sounds like Capco is a good investment for you guys. Just 2 more quick ones. Just eftpos, is that -- I just want to clarify, that's a build-and-run scenario? And is there a big -- I know it was a bilateral before, but is anything unique to that from a technical standpoint in building it?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, we'll be taking them to a more modern switching software, more modern switching solution. And so they'll get some very strong benefits from that. But there would be absolutely an ongoing processing relationship.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, so there's an ongoing piece. I guess that's kind of -- I wasn't going to ask it, but I guess I'll ask it, because it's kind of tied to the Durbin 2.0 stuff. But with this whole dual signature possibility here, given that you guys have done some builds -- switch building in the past, I mean, could you enhance the NYCE Network to be a more competitive signature equivalent, to the extent that the signature market does open up in diversity as mandated?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, absolutely, we could, yes.
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, all right. I guess we'll ask more if we know more about it.
Gary A. Norcross: Exactly. You'll monitor it just like we will.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Jefferies.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Following up on Tien-tsin's question about Durbin 2.0, you haven't seen any changing in the banks' budgeting process or any kind of incremental caution related to this, Judge Leon's ruling and banks potentially thinking they might have to spend some money down the line on revamping the systems based on that or is it just too far out?
Gary A. Norcross: I think it's still a little too far out. The quick answer is we've not seen any material change. I mean, we're having a lot of discussions with clients about that. But as we've shared in the past, typically any type of regulatory inflection historically has always meant good things for FIS. So any change is a -- promoting work for us, either around professional services, product deployment, processing, et cetera, but it's still a little too far out.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. On your Payments segment revenue, I mean, they came in higher than we've modeled, and the growth rate really ticked up nicely there. Can you talk about -- I think there's some higher termination fees and strong software licensing revenue. You talked about the dynamics on the check side. I guess my question is, how should I think about how sustainable is this uptick in the segment growth rate kind of going forward? How do we parse out the different kind of drivers there? What should we expect from the Payments segment in the last quarter here and in more general terms just going forward?
James W. Woodall: Well, I think we were a little cautious on the improvement in the check-related businesses for a couple of quarters. We are seeing good results out of that group and some of the things we've done there and the team's working very well there. So I feel a little better on that front. We're still seeing bill pay a little ahead of plan, so seeing good visibility there. Some of the license fee, again, might have been a little bit of a pull forward. But we're feeling pretty good about where Payments is heading.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. One last one for me. Can you update us on your non-FI business? I know there's been a recent presentation, it's now about 12% of revenues. Is this mostly check-related services, some merchant processing? What else is in there? And how should we think about the sort of overall mix going forward in your business from sort of FI to sort of non-FI revenue?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, it's a great question. Certainly a lot of our merchant business is in there. A lot of our prepaid business sold to non-financial institutions is in there. Our government and tax business is in there. So the way we look at it, we continue to push payment products in those particular segments. I don't think you should see any kind of meaningful change in the percentage of the overall revenue of the company. In fact, I think some of the areas like International could continue to outgrow a number of those areas. But it's still a very good business for us. It allows us to leverage our processing scale. It also allows us to leverage our payment solutions in those markets. And the team is doing a good job executing in those groups.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just had a couple of quick ones. One is, Gary, you did mention branch automation, and it's kind of a theme that's building around some other companies. I'm just trying to understand, are you involved in the workflow process? Because it does sound like it would satisfy a lot of those dual mandates, bringing down cost, but investing for more efficiency. And I'm just not sure I fully appreciate your level of involvement there, so that would be helpful.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, Dan, we've got a full suite of solutions that are not only dealing with workflow but dealing with automation around a lot of the channels and the interoperability of those channels. And so we continue to sell our products and services in those particular areas. But back to my comment earlier about the breadth of our product suite, really, when you start getting into a retail commercial banking environment, there's really not a product and/or service that we don't offer in that space today. And having good success and sales around and some of the things around workflow and loyalty and some of the active analytics comments I've talked about in the prepared remarks, all of that kind of ties together in some of the stuff we're doing around branch automation.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just to make sure we're not getting over our skis going into the fourth quarter, Woody, you had talked about a $7 million gain in other income that was contemplated. Is there something else that's contemplated in the fourth quarter we need to be aware of?
James W. Woodall: No, that's really one we just wanted to make sure you guys picked up on that. We did include that in our overall plan. We weren't sure of the timing of when we would actually be able to liquidate the investment, but it ended up coming through in the third quarter. So no, nothing specific.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on the -- I'm going to go back to the Financial Solutions margin for a second. The termination fee looks like, based on our calculation, would have kept margins flattish. And so you talk about pulling forward some of these license fees into the quarter. And again, I'm just trying to keep myself from kind of getting over my skis in the fourth quarter. So if I think about it, we would have a similar amount of termination fees going into that quarter, but the license fees are probably going to get pulled down. And so I'm assuming margins have to come down sequentially, maybe materially in that division, is that fair to assume?
James W. Woodall: Well, I mean, I think you can do the math, right. If you look at what we were describing, as sort of low end of 30 to 50 basis points, at 40 through the first 9 months of the year, so I'm not really sure what's in your model, but you can kind of do the math and back into it from there. Net-net, we did see some license fee that we thought would probably be Q4 pulled into Q3.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then just one other one. Gary, in the past, you've talked about -- you've kind of framed up, actually, the size of these new deals, the percentage of new deals that were coming in over $50 million or above. Can you provide that level of detail again this quarter? Or are you just kind of moving away from that?
Gary A. Norcross: No, we're trying to give you some insight. I mean, clearly some of the deals that we're highlighting are very large in nature, and we continue to see the growth in our pipeline of these very large deals. So that has been a significant change for us over the last several years, and I think that is the benefit of bringing Capco into the company, but also just the investments we're making around, even at FIS in the larger bank market. And so these results -- some of these deals we're highlighting are very large by our definition.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And are there incremental costs that we need to be thinking about as you kind of take these on, since it is a big shift?
Gary A. Norcross: The nice thing about a lot of these is it's good project work. It's good processing work. It's really right in our sweet spot around products. So we think we'll continue to see good margin expansion in these areas. So other than -- we continue to ramp up people around some of our professional services, but it comes on at good margins for us all in all. So we're pleased with these signings.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last one, just quickly on PayNet. I mean, it seems to be getting an enormous amount of popular press. And one of the things that I think you said you have been working on was getting that to a same-day settlement engine. Are you there yet? And if not, what kind of timeframe are we thinking about there?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, we continue to work on that. We continue to deploy that across certain payment types. And the team continues to make advancements around that. So we're comfortable. You're right. I mean, we want to now move it now into results, right. We've signed up a lot of customers. We've got to continue to build scale through that channel. But we're in good shape, and the team has done a good job of building out the capabilities in PayNet.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tim Willi with Wells Fargo.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I have 2 questions. The first was, maybe some housekeeping, but could you remind us to any degree what kind of exposure you guys have to the mortgage industry? I don't recall it being noteworthy, but I just want to make sure there's not something we should think about relative to what we're hearing about slowing origination activity or anything like that.
Frank R. Martire: That's not an exposed area for us, on the mortgage industry side.
Gary A. Norcross: We don't have any.
Frank R. Martire: We don't have any.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. I thought so, just wanted to make sure. Second is, going back to some of the stuff around Payments and MCX, and you were talking about some wallet initiatives earlier in the call. Overall, how do you see, I guess, FIS in this whole mobile wallet discussion? Do you think banks will try to sort of create their own wallets absent any real traction from sort of the first wave of players and you have an opportunity to be the engine behind that? Or will MCX sort of be probably the biggest wallet initiative you have? Just sort of trying to think multiple years out, how you guys might look in that landscape and in the Payments division.
Gary A. Norcross: We fundamentally believe, from a wallet standpoint, the wallet does need to be branded by a financial institution, right? And so we offer a very robust wallet solution that allows our banks to do just that, all right, that allows us to, allows them to brand their wallet under their name. I think a lot of people get caught up in wallet today. It's kind of the chicken or the egg scenario. And so some people are waiting on what they're going to do with their wallet strategy, waiting for it to be acceptable at the point of sale. I think that's what's very interesting about our Cardless ATM Cash Access product that we rolled out at investor update and then again at Money2020. Our message is -- and that's using the FIS wallet branded by the financial institution, our message is simple, is you need to start getting into this business and start training your customers to go to your wallet, because when it is available and readily acceptable at the point of sale, you want to go into that wallet for acceptance. So we think that's the right strategy with our financial institutions. It resonates well. We continue to be very financial institution focused. When you think about MCX, keep in mind, we're building all the rails and back-office support systems on MCX. And so it's key for us, as we've shared very early on is that allow the financial institutions to engage through that network, and we continue to work with MCX to make sure that happens.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And just one last question, I guess, on that topic there. Standards around mobile payments and wallets, I think, has probably been something that's not quite clear to the marketplace and inhibited the, I guess, the evolution. So by you working with MCX, in sort of their mission of sort of creating the standards that they want in place as retailers, do you feel like that inherently gives you any kind of a leg up around some of the other competitors in the wallet, that you're sort of right there at sort of the buildup of standards with the largest retailers over time?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, we do. We believe that the MCX signing is a very strategic relationship for us. Of course, MCX has to be successful, and that remains to be seen. But as we shared on the last call, it's certainly a very well-funded initiative by a very large group of -- a consortium of large retailers. But as they work through their standards, as they work through their rules, we do believe -- and frankly, based on the fact that we're building out all the behind-the-scenes rails for MCX and doing a lot of back-office services, we believe that fundamentally does give us a good position to work with them in the future with our technologies and to benefit our financial institutions.
Mary K. Waggoner: Thanks, everyone. Today we've gone a little beyond our allotted time. So we look forward to speaking with you again soon. Please remain on the line for the replay information.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting today at 10:30 a.m. and will run until November 12, 2013, at midnight. You may access the replay service by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code of 304206. You may also dial (320) 365-3844 and enter the access code of 304206. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you very much for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Frank R. Martire - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Gary A. Norcross - President, Chief Operating Officer and Director James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Mary Waggoner, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary K. Waggoner: Thank you, Jack, and thanks to everyone joining us this morning for our second quarter earnings report. With me to discuss our results are Frank Martire, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Gary Norcross, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer. Today's news release and supplemental slide presentation have been posted to our website at fisglobal.com. A replay of today's presentation will be available shortly after the call. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on Slide 3 of the presentation. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented, as outlined on Slide 4. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and the supplemental slide. With that, I will now turn the call over to Frank Martire. Frank?
Frank R. Martire: Thanks, Mary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I'll begin today's business review with a summary of our financial performance and business highlights. Gary will follow with the business and operations report, and Woody will provide additional insight into our financial performance and our outlook for the remainder of 2013. Turning to Slide 6. We delivered solid organic growth in the second quarter, with a 4% increase over prior year. This marks the 14th consecutive quarter of organic growth, which underscores the strength of our business model and our strong client relationships. Adjusted EPS increased 8% to $0.71 per share. For the 6 months ended June 30, organic revenue rose 4%, the margin expanded 40 basis points, and EPS grew 11%. We are pleased with our financial results through the first half of 2013, which are in line with our expectations. We are also encouraged by the ongoing sales execution, including the addition of new clients, such as Sainsbury's Bank in the U.K., as well as expanding relationships with existing clients, such as KeyBank and Sterling Savings Bank in North America. In addition, we are excited about the opportunities we are seeing in emerging payments, such as the Merchant Customer Exchange. These wins lend additional accredence to the depth and breadth of our solutions, the strength of our people and our ability to provide long-term strategic value to our clients. Continuing on Slide 7. The business strategy that we outlined in February of 2012 continues to drive benefits to our company, our clients and our shareholders. Our strategy is summarized as follows. First, we remain committed to optimizing performance through organic growth, with an ongoing focus on double-digit growth and earnings per share. Second, we are delivering strategic value to our clients through solution innovation and transformation. This includes expansion of our mobile capabilities with the acquisition of mFoundry and leveraging our existing infrastructure to develop new and innovative capabilities for the industry. Finally, we are highly committed to enhancing shareholder value through a combination of strong financial performance and meaningful share repurchases and dividends. We returned $353 million to our shareholders in the first half of 2013, and we have returned approximately $1.5 billion to our shareholders since the beginning of 2011. We remain very excited about the future of our company and our ability to deliver superior performance. On behalf of the management team, I would like to thank our clients and shareholders for their ongoing support and our employees for their dedication in driving our continuous success. Now I will turn the call over to Gary for the business summary and operations report. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, Frank, and thanks, again, to everyone for joining us this morning. FIS continues to drive solid results, demonstrating our ability to deliver consistent performance and manage our strategic plan. As Frank mentioned, we continue to generate solid growth and drive strong revenue performance. We're pleased with our first half of the year results, which are in line with our expectations. My remarks today will cover 2 main areas. First, I will discuss our overall sales performance, highlighting the continued demand for our full breadth of solutions in each of our key markets. Separately, I will highlight ongoing solution innovation through our new commercial agreement with the Merchant Customer Exchange. This significant win demonstrates our ongoing success in enabling business innovation and transformation and illustrates the value of our leverage in investments in enabling payment services. I will start with our global sales performance on Slide 9. Overall demand for solutions and services has remained consistent over the past several quarters. Financial institution bookings are up year-to-date, and we perceive further upward momentum. Demand is broad based around core enhancements, mobile solutions, emerging payments and services. Also, significant transformational activity is occurring across all channels and regions as many institutions improve their overall customer experience, build brand loyalty, streamline operations and reduce costs. This momentum is being driven by cross-sell opportunities created from our innovation-focused client events and the execution of our go-to-market strategy. Please turn to Slide 10. In North America, our comprehensive solutions suite enables us to deliver strategic value to our clients. We see continued activity around core upgrades and replacements, continued strength in consulting services, increasing demand for our mobile solutions and exciting new opportunities around our payment capabilities. Demand for FIS core solutions underscores the need for updated technology, with an emphasis on improving the overall customer experience through the realtime integration across all channels. For example, an $8 billion financial institution located in the Southeast, which operates hundreds of branches across 17 states, recently selected FIS commercial and retail loan processing solutions to replace the bank's 15-year-old technology. The upgrade will provide more robust feature functionality, the ability to streamline processes and enhanced platform integration. In contrast, Texas-based Industry Bancshares has opted to replace its core banking system, which it installed just 4 years ago, with a more robust solution from FIS. The bank will also deploy our auto-processing and branch automation solutions. These enhancements will enable it to expedite customer service and provide clients with real-time access across all delivery channels. These new clients continue a steady trend of core processing wins, with 30 new deals in 2012, followed by additional new signings in the first quarter of 2013, including Beneficial Bank, USAA and GE Capital. In addition to our leveraged core processing capabilities, we also assist clients with business planning and new product development. A good example of this end-to-end approach is KeyBank, which is launching a new payments channel for its commercial customers. Working with the bank, we developed a customized prepaid card solution that aligns closely with their commercial payment strategy. As part of this new multi-year agreement, FIS will provide outsourced transaction processing, integrated voice response and card fulfillment services. Turning to mobile. Accelerating adoption of digital channels is driving continued strong demand in cross-sell opportunities for our solutions, as financial institutions move to strengthen consumer loyalty and engagement through this dynamic and fast-growing channel. We are very pleased with the increasing penetration of our mobile solution within our client base. As an example, we are partnering with Sterling Savings Bank, a $9 billion institution based in Spokane, Washington. Sterling migrated their core solution in 2011 and will expand their relationship with FIS by deploying a wide range of digital solutions that include mobile banking, remote deposit capture and mobile prepaid. In addition to mobile, the bank also is enhancing its business e-banking offering by augmenting its consumer online banking channel to include account origination and deposit capabilities. These and many other similar engagements offer continued endorsement for the breadth of our capabilities, as well as our go-to-market strategy in North America. Next, I'll cover international markets on Slide 11. Our business continues to perform very well. Revenue is up more than 9% year-to-date, and the international pipeline is the strongest in our company's history. In the quarter, results were driven by strong growth in Latin America, consulting services in Europe and new client implementations in Asia. Based on the robust pipeline and our past success in the international market, we believe FIS is well positioned to continue to drive higher growth in domestic-only providers. With that as a backdrop, earlier this month, I attended our third annual international conference in London. Overall attendance was up 50% over last year with clients from 45 countries around the world. The event centered on the changing buyer for financial services and the need for financial institution to evolve to new customer interaction models, a sentiment embraced by the international participants. Much like our North American conferences, we expect this client event to influence deals and create new cross-sell opportunities. Specific to our markets, in Europe, banks continue to face a changing environment, as economic headwinds, increased regulation and a changing financial services landscape persist. While overall IT spending is expected to remain flat, these market dynamics are directing more investment spend to third-party providers like FIS. Our European consulting business continues to generate strong growth. We are engaged in more discussions around our outsourced processing solutions and service capabilities. As an example, in May, Sainsbury's, a leading retailer in the United Kingdom, announced plans to acquire the remaining 50% ownership in Sainsbury's Bank from Lloyds Banking Group. Sainsbury's also announced the selection of FIS as the bank's new technology partner, whereby we will deliver realtime core banking and back-office processing support on an outsourced basis. We have executed the heads of terms and are generating revenue under our current arrangement. We are very excited about this opportunity and look forward to providing additional details once the bank receives regulatory approval and all agreements have been finalized, which we expect to occur in the third quarter. In Asia, new banking requirements and the next wave of technology replacements are aiding our core solution opportunities. In addition, financial institutions are increasing their investments in specific channels, including unified payments and serving the underbanked. For example, we continue to see strong increases in our Payments business as we expand our footprint throughout Southeast Asia and India. The India ATM initiative is progressing as planned, and transaction volumes are ramping up in line with our expectations. In addition, we are benefiting from growth within existing clients, such as Karnataka Bank, which also is broadening its ATM presence to reach the underbanked market. Given our experience and successful track record in deploying and managing ATMs in India, we are very optimistic about further expansion in the region. Turning to Latin America. Brazil continues to be a strong source of growth, and we remain bullish on the region. Our card business continues to deliver double-digit increases, driven by new client additions and continued growth in card usage and adoption. This, in turn, is driving higher demand for our cardholder support services. Having just returned from Brazil, we are very pleased with our performance there. We are encouraged by the opportunity to further expand our offerings in Brazil and across the region, where we have lower penetration. Next, if you will turn to Slide 12, I will provide a brief update on our go-to-market strategy for global financial institutions. As we discussed on the first quarter call, our target group within this market includes more than 25 of the largest global and multinational financial institutions. To better serve this market, we have built a highly experienced and dedicated global team to focus exclusively on these clients, where we have strong C-suite relationships. This team is highly complementary to our existing bench of financial technology and consulting professionals and will be instrumental in helping us to maximize opportunities in this key market. We look forward to sharing additional details as this plan progresses. Finally, if you will turn to Slide 13, I will provide additional details about our new commercial agreement with Merchant Customer Exchange. This is potentially one of the most significant payment deals for the industry in the last several years. MCX is the consortium of leading retailers who seek to offer an integrated mobile commerce platform that will enhance the customer experience and strengthen customer loyalty. We are very excited to support this groundbreaking initiative, which, once again, is a testament to the breadth and scalability of our payment solutions. This encompasses the ability to integrate and interface with multiple platforms, our expertise in payment network management and our strong relationships in the financial institution and retail markets. This strategic agreement includes the design, build and ongoing management of the MCX network within the existing FIS payments network infrastructure. FIS will provide payment processing, payment network infrastructure and payment rails, including the switching, routing and settlement functions. This will enable MCX to authorize and execute transactions in real time. MCX will govern the network rules and economics. The total financial benefit to FIS could be significant, depending on the overall success of MCX in the broader market. However, under the minimum contractual fees, this is a large sale for FIS and will generate reoccurring revenue spanning the next 7 years. This endeavor is a great example of our ability to leverage our core competencies, technology investments and broad solution suite to drive customer-specific innovation. In closing, consider the key takeaways outlined on Slide 14. We're confident in our global business strategy and are committed to delivering our plan of operational excellence. We are pleased with our first half performance and remain focused on driving profitable organic revenue growth, which we have seen for 14 consecutive quarters. We continue to drive new sales, as evidenced by the growth in financial institution bookings. And we are encouraged by the strength of the global sales pipeline. Overall, we believe the powerful combination of FIS technology solutions, service capabilities and consulting expertise, coupled with our global scale, offered an unparalleled value proposition in the market. Again, thank you for joining us this morning. Woody will now highlight our financial results.
James W. Woodall: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 16 with a summary of our consolidated results. Consolidated revenue increased 3.8% to $1.5 billion and grew 3.7% on an organic basis in the second quarter, after normalizing for currency and acquisitions. These results include approximately $14 million in previously disclosed termination fees related to M&I, which partially offset the related loss of high-margin account processing revenue. As we discussed last quarter, these termination fees will decline in the second half of the year. EBITDA grew 2.8% to $450 million. The EBITDA margin was 29.8% compared to 30% in the second quarter of 2012, reflecting a less favorable revenue mix and higher information security costs. Incremental information security costs reduced the margin by approximately 60 basis points. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations increased 5.5% to $209 million, and adjusted earnings per share increased 7.6% to $0.71 compared to $0.66 in the 2012 quarter. Consistent with our guidance for full year 2013 and as we discussed in last quarter's call, we did not expect the rate of organic growth and margin expansion that we saw in the first quarter to carry forward into the second quarter, given the strong weighting of termination fees early in the year. For the first half of 2013, revenue increased 4.2% on a reported and organic basis. Adjusted EBITDA increased 5.5% to $878 million, and the margin expanded 40 basis points to 29.4%. Adjusted earnings per share rose 10.8% to $1.33 per share. We are pleased with our strong first half results, which are in line with our expectations. Next, I will continue on Slide 17 with the segment review. Financial Solutions revenue increased 4.2% to $587 million in the second quarter and grew 2.7% organically, driven by strong growth in e-banking solutions, global commercial services and consulting revenue. Financial Solutions EBITDA increased 7.5% to $231 million, and the EBITDA margin expanded 120 basis points to 39.4%, driven primarily by increased termination fees and higher license revenue compared to the prior year quarter. While we continue to anticipate mid-single-digit revenue growth within this segment for the year, we expect growth in the third quarter to remain challenging due to the deconversion of M&I accounts in October of 2012. Turning to Slide 18. Payment Solutions revenue increased 2.8% to $623 million. Revenue increased 4.2%, excluding the check businesses, driven by growth in e-payments and output solutions. Payment Solutions EBITDA increased 5.3% to $263 million in the quarter, and the margin increased 100 basis points to 42.2%, driven primarily by higher termination fees. As a reminder, our Payments business follows a seasonal trend of lower revenue in the third quarter compared to the second quarter, due to the increased volumes for processing of tax payments in the second quarter. Now I'll cover our International business on Slide 19. Organic revenue grew 7.9% in the quarter, led by strong growth in Latin America, including double-digit growth in our -- in Brazil, our European consulting practice and new client implementations in Asia. Growth within our International segment was affected by lower license revenue and a client deconversion in Germany, which caused a 4-point headwind for the quarter. We expect organic growth in the second half of 2013 to be much stronger with the onboarding of several new clients, such as Sainsbury's, FirstBank of Puerto Rico and Vietinbank, as well as the ongoing ATM expansion in India. We continue to anticipate double-digit growth in International for the year. The currency impact on International revenue was $6.6 million in the second quarter or about 2 points, resulting in reported growth of 5.6%. Slide 27 in the appendix provides a composition of International revenue by local currency. International EBITDA increased 2.7% to $65 million in the second quarter. EBITDA margin declined 60 basis points to 21.4%, primarily due to the items I described earlier, which impacted the International margin by 190 basis points. The earnings impact from foreign currency rates was not material. Corporate expense increased $19 million to $109 million in the quarter, driven by increased investments in information security risk management and higher-than-anticipated medical costs. We anticipate corporate expense of approximately $105 million per quarter for the balance of the year. Next, I'll provide a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP earnings per share on Slide 20. GAAP earnings totaled $0.31 per share compared to $0.52 per share in the second quarter of 2012. These GAAP results are adjusted to exclude $0.14 of acquisition-related amortization and $0.14 related to refinancing activities completed in the second quarter. The remaining $0.12 represents an adjustment to the estimated future Capco earnout, driven by the strong year-to-date results and improved expectations about the future performance of this business, which increases the earnout liability. We continue to see strong demand for consulting and services work. This brings us to adjusted earnings per share of $0.71, which is a 7.6% increase compared to $0.66 in the prior year quarter. The effective tax rate was 30% compared to 29% in the second quarter of 2012. Both periods reflect the favorable resolution of certain tax positions taken by the company. We continue to anticipate an effective tax rate of approximately 32% to 33% for the full year 2013. The average diluted share count declined to 294.3 million in the quarter compared to 298.3 million in the second quarter of 2012. Basic shares outstanding were 292.1 million as of June 30. Moving on to cash flow on Slide 21. Cash flow from operations totaled $199 million in the second quarter of 2013, after adjusting for the $52 million bond premium payment and the $10 million net change in settlement activity. Capital expenditures totaled $83 million or approximately 5.5% of revenue, which brings us to free cash flow of $115 million compared to $178 million in the prior year quarter. The decline resulted from higher cash tax payments in the current period. We still anticipate free cash flow for the year to be in line with adjusted earnings. Our use of the free cash flow during the second quarter remained consistent with our capital allocation priorities of investing for growth, returning cash to shareholders and strengthening the balance sheet. As depicted on Slide 22, we returned more than $188 million to shareholders in the second quarter, including $63 million in dividends and $125 million in share repurchases. We repurchased 2.8 million shares in the open market at an average cost of $44.25 per share. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 5.5 million shares at a cost of approximately $225 million. Approximately $424 million remains available under the existing share repurchase authorization. As we discussed last quarter, we refinanced a portion of our debt in April and issued $1.25 billion in new bonds. In May, we completed the redemption of the $750 million of 7 5/8% bonds that were due in 2017. Debt outstanding totaled $4.8 billion as of June 30, up from $4.6 million as of March 31. The weighted average rate declined to 3.8% at quarter-end. Total debt-to-EBITDA was 2.7x at quarter-end. This is slightly above our targeted debt-to-EBITDA ratio, which is at or slightly below 2.5x. We anticipate reaching our target by the end of the year. Before opening the lines for questions, I will summarize a few key takeaways for the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the year on Slide 23. We're pleased with our first half results, which are in line with our expectations. We remain encouraged by the stable to improving macro trends in the market, as evidenced by continuing demand for consulting and services. We are maintaining our outlook for 3% to 5% organic revenue growth and 4% to 6% reported revenue growth. Due to the continually strong demand for consulting and services, we anticipate the EBITDA margin to trend towards the lower end of our guidance for 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion in 2013. We continue to anticipate adjusted earnings per share of $2.77 to $2.87, which is an increase of 11% to 15% over 2012. Free cash flow is expected to convert at approximately 100% of adjusted net earnings for the full year, and we remain focused on deploying cash in value-enhancing ways, including investing for future growth, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders.  That concludes our review of the second quarter results. Operator, we can now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Guys, it looks like pretty good execution here. My question is with regards to the 4% to 6% revenue growth range. At this stage, half the year being done, what causes you to be at the lower end of the range versus the upper end of the range? How would you kind of bias that? I understand 3Q is weaker than 2Q, and then that's kind of seasonal, and then you end up with a stronger 4Q, but any comments there?
James W. Woodall: Again, look, our organic revenue for the first half of the year is 4%, and it's in line with our expectations, and we're pretty pleased with it. We continue to see strong demand in services and consulting revenue and have pretty good visibility into the back half of the year. With regard to reported revenue growth, we had mFoundry in there, which has got some growth in there and some of the acquisitions from last year that's driving some additional growth. So we're pleased with our first half of the year and feel comfortable with our growth, but we're not at a point, Ashwin, where we're ready to increase the revenue guidance at this point.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Ashwin, just to build on Woody's comment, I mean, you're seeing it every quarter. You're continuing to see our sales coming on in very highly, reoccurring, outsourced leveraged transactions. When you look at the Sainsbury's example, when you look at MCX, these take time to convert, take time to ramp up. And we're really seeing a continued decline in bigger license deals, which -- so long term, it's a great outcome for us as a company, but those deals just continue to push and may take longer to onboard and start putting to the revenue line.
Frank R. Martire: And on top of that, we have a very strong pipeline.
James W. Woodall: Yes.
Frank R. Martire: To go with it.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. So as I kind of take those comments and think forward into the rest of this year and 2014, would -- is it safe to kind of say that, as we think about the next 18 months, that hole that's left by M&I is going to be filled at this point?
James W. Woodall: Well, we're not giving '14 guidance at this point, Ashwin, but as we've talked about on previous calls, and as you've seen on this call, we're very pleased with our sales success. We may not get it exactly the way it came of, but a combination of the India ATM deals, Bremer Bank, Webster Bank, Guaranty Bank, Sainsbury's, MCX deal, this [ph] and all these wins are items that will help us fill that hole in 2014.
Gary A. Norcross: Exactly right. I mean, we never thought that we would fill like-for-like on the M&I platform. We knew that our strength of the company is our diversification of product, our diversification of platform, diversification of market. And so you'll continue to see us log these big wins around the globe, and all of those things will help us as we go into 2014.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Understood. And then one last question, information security, obviously, a 60-basis-point hurt to costs this quarter. How much of that is onetime expenses versus things that become part of the base of costs?
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think as we annualize through 2013, it will be more of a normal run rate, if you will. I don't think you've got a lot of onetimes. From an information security and risk standpoint, in Q2, it's much more business as usual. As you read the paper and look at the news, globally, information security and cyber attacks are more prevalent and complicated, more sophisticated than ever, and we have to be prepared to repel and defend against these attacks. So we continue to invest in that area. Information security has always been a top priority for FIS and will continue to be that.
Gary A. Norcross: But there's not a lot of onetime in this. And as Woody said, this is really the new norm, and everybody in this industry are going to be subjected to making those investments.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens, Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: A couple of quick questions for you. It seems to me that you guys are having a lot of success on the big deals. But as you had a little bit of a mix headwind, and I think that was probably expected as you move -- had more and more success in the bigger banks and with Capco. In our view, that should give us more confidence on the Street that you have potential upside to sort of the 4%, 5% type organic growth. So as we look forward, should we feel more optimistic on potential upside for the organic growth but just know that they may come with not quite a large margin expansion as we've come to expect? Is that kind of a way to think about the medium term for you all?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Brett, this is Gary. I think that's well said. I mean, we have forecasted over now for multiple quarters this move towards outsourcing, this move toward services. Certainly, our consulting practice leads the way with an indicator of what's going on in the various markets. And we see that the very positive aspect as well that we're signing these larger, more complex, more transformative deals. I mean, clearly we have the M&I grow-over that we have to deal with, but we deal with grow-overs every year. This one's just -- this one's a little more chunky. But we feel good about our go-to-market. We feel good about the success we're having. We've said also in multiple quarters, the rate at which our license fee business had dropped off was a little faster than I think we thought. We actually don't see that as a bad thing. Once again, I think clients are looking for ways to transform their environments, get costs down, go with a provider that has the scale and capabilities for them to be successful in the future. And we're seeing it in not only our pipeline, as Frank mentioned, which is very robust, but in the signings that we're having every quarter.
Frank R. Martire: Brett, the thing is our clients are looking for the servicing capability. So we have the products, but fortunately, we're well positioned with our servicing offerings that we could give to our clients today. And that's what they're looking for. They're looking for that mix not only of products but all the servicing capabilities.
Gary A. Norcross: So to your margin question specifically, clearly, those -- these larger opportunities come on at lower margin than a license fee transaction. As you know, historically, FIS has always done an excellent job at controlling our costs and getting our costs out margin expansion. But we're always looking for good profitable revenue growth. And so if we have to take a little less margin expansion to get that, we see that as a good outcome. But we'll continue to stay focused on the cost side of the equation as well because we know, as these deals in our pipeline continues to transform, there's going to be areas that we're going to be able to pull down investment and/or reduce our cost structure to help augment that.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: All right. And just the second question, can you give us any numbers on the bookings this quarter? It sounds like they're going well, although I know it's very hard to think about what MCX and all kind of stuff could potentially be. But could you give us that number? And is there any impact that you're seeing from any additional FDIC or lenders or the things going on there? Could you address that?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, it's a good question. We're going to try to not talk about where we are at bookings year-to-date every quarter. But as I said in my prepared remarks, they are definitely up year-to-date and actually up very nicely. When you talk about our Report of Exam, as you know, that's confidential document, but certainly, we're working with our clients on that and, at this point, monitoring it very closely. Our pipeline is very strong, and our booking success was very strong in Q2. We feel we're going to have a good solid Q3 results as well, but we're going to continue to monitor that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: The first one, I just want to drill down on International a little bit. It sounds like Brazil was fine, still on double digits. And I guess most of the somewhat smaller growth, the 8% organic was Europe. And if I heard Woody right, it sounded like a 4-point headwind from a German bank or a client deconversion. Could you just sort of talk through that drag? And was that kind of known and that you kind of expected heading into the year? It sounds like a pretty large client. And then how do we get comfort -- you seemed very confident that will accelerate meaningfully in the back half. How do we get comfort there?
James W. Woodall: I'll take your first big part of the question first. Brazil did see double-digit growth again. We continue to see good growth down there in both new client adds, as well as card adoption and usage, so saw a good growth in Brazil. I think there were some people worried about some of the macro trends down there. We have not seen it to date, so very positive on Brazil. In Europe, our European business did lose a client in Germany. That, combined with lower license fees, were about a 4-point headwind. As Gary and I have talked about with you guys the last couple of quarters, we continue to see a shift between onetime license fees more to ongoing outsourcing revenue, which will be lumpy from quarter to quarter, from time to time. So we did see a client deconversion. We saw some lower license fee in the second quarter. That's not necessarily a bad thing, with the change to license -- to outsourcing from license, but it did have about a 4-point headwind in the quarter.
Gary A. Norcross: Glenn, to build on that, our confidence in Europe -- to your point specifically, while our confidence in Europe, I mean, we definitely don't do this. It's very rare for us to talk about a potential client signing, but since Sainsbury's Bank actually announced that we're the vendor of choice, that certainly -- and we've already got a fairly significant staff engaged there and working on the implementation, we feel very good about Europe in general. We've forecasted that for the last several quarters. With all the consulting activity, we continue to see that grow and rise every quarter, and so we feel good about that. Now we're starting to see some of these large transformational deals we talked about. Now of course, Sainsbury's has got to get regulatory approval, and we got to get the final agreement signed, but they are -- and we do have people engaged there, a fairly significant amount, and they are paying us. So we feel good about where Europe is going.
James W. Woodall: And in the back half of the year, we're still very comfortable with double-digit growth in International.
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And that probably -- and that include both double-digit in Brazil and in Europe?
James W. Woodall: That's aggregate International segment growth double digits.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. I'll take a little bit of that offline. But one more question, the $50 million adjustments related to Capco, and it sounded like related to earnouts?
James W. Woodall: Yes.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about that a bit, like how that's determined, what it's based on and kind of if you have the visibility toward that?
James W. Woodall: Yes, if you look at when we did the acquisition of Capco, there was an earnout connected to revenue and profit performance over a several-year time horizon. As we've looked at Capco's ability to drive additional services in the LFI space or the GFI space, our viewpoint around that division has improved. We believe that their ability to grow the revenue and the profit has improved from our original base case. And what that does is it requires a change in the estimated earnout liability or an increase to the estimated earnout liability. So that's really what drove that acquisition.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So you had initially taken that down, I recall, and now you're taking it back up...
James W. Woodall: That's correct.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Because the outlook looks better?
James W. Woodall: That's correct.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, Glenn, it's actually a win-win situation for us. It's very good for the company, and it's excellent for the Capco personnel also.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of David Togut with Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Can you bracket for us what the 3 large contract wins or expansion of existing clients might mean for you long-term? If we look at, for example, Sainsbury's, KeyBank and MCX, how big could these contract signings be, either on a TCV basis or an annualized revenue contribution?
Gary A. Norcross: David, this is Gary. I mean, we're going to try to avoid giving specifics around these contracts as they're confidential. I can certainly -- we feel confident that Sainsbury's will be the largest core banking deal done in Europe that we're aware of, from a sizing standpoint. MCX, as I highlighted in my prepared remarks, even just under the minimums to operate the network will be a significant win for us. We judge significant wins as contracts greater than $25 million, just to kind of give you some scoping. Obviously, these would be much larger than that. So -- but in general, these are very, very nice transactions for us and can produce meaningful movement for us.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: When you say greater than $25 million, do you mean TCV or $25 million a year in revenue?
Gary A. Norcross: Correct, TCV. When we've started looking at large contracts, when you get a total contract value of greater than $25 million, we consider that a fairly large transaction. We have -- given our size, as you would imagine, we do thousands and thousands of contracts a year. And so a deal of a size greater than $25 million over the term is a fairly significant deal for us.
James W. Woodall: And David, I mean, Sainsbury's and MCX, both on any metric you look at, they're significant deals.
Gary A. Norcross: Exactly. Exactly.
Frank R. Martire: They're both very significant deals. And it's not only about what they are today but what they could -- potentially could be in the future for us.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I see. And then just as a quick second question, Gary, could you give us a sense of unit pricing trends in the core financial services business, let's say, starting with kind of community banks, credit unions and working your way up to your larger bank customers?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. It's been pretty consistent, David, and it really has not changed much. We continue to see some price compression on the unit costs. That renewal time around existing services, we typically guide it somewhere between 100 and 150 basis points of headwind. But we also continue to see us take much more wallet share during that process, the renewal process, or throughout the agreement. And so we continue to see renewals as an opportunity to do our cross-sell and up-sell. That's what typically is going on in the community markets, both credit union and community banks. As you move up into, really, the large financial institutions in International, those tend to be much more services-oriented and much more complex transactions, so the whole concept of unit costs are a little different in that market. It tends to be geared around the service of capability, a person or delivery. And those deals are of the size that is just really driven by the market. There's not unique trends because those, when you get the best size, tend to be unique. We shared the unit costs in India. That was an exception when we went through the India process, and as you know, that ended up being -- we disclosed that one, a $0.5 billion CV. And so -- but that one -- those unit costs were very, very profitable. Considering all of the circles that went, they were on the higher end of those circles.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess just the first question I had is on FX. It's pretty straightforward just on the revenue side. But the one nice thing you've got is the big Indian footprint of expenses that we would've expected to help -- just the recent rupee movement to help the expense base a little bit. I'm wondering, maybe you can give -- how big of your -- like what percentage of your expense are in rupees and maybe what that impact is or some sort of formula to help us understand what the impact of the rupee benefits can be.
James W. Woodall: Yes, let me just take you back, looking at revenue, it was about $7 million for the quarter, so a relatively small impact for us, net 2 points on the international growth rate. For earning -- the earnings impact, in the aggregate, was very, very small, minutiae basically. We haven't given out specific India cost base with regard to our exposure or the benefit that we might get out of India. I can tell you for the second quarter, our overall earnings impact around FX rates was just not material there.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Okay, great. And then the second thing, just reviewing the timing of the M&I termination fees, if I remember right, last Q4 was kind of the beginning of some of those, and then Q1 and Q2 of this year were maybe the highest, and then the back half of this year much lower, and then they're gone by Q1 of '14. Is that about right? Maybe you could size it a little bit.
James W. Woodall: That's right. I think in October, really, it was the actual deconversion. So fourth quarter, you'll definitely see an impact. You will see an impact because we had some heightened services in the third quarter of 2012. So until we annualize that into the fourth quarter, you will still see it as a bit of a headwind in the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones on the technology front. Maybe just to understand a little bit more about the work with MCX that you guys are doing, can you just talk a little bit about the capability itself? Is this a PIN debit offering, an ACH offering? Will there be any credit card functionality? And then lastly, is mFoundry incorporated into the solution that you guys proposed for MCX?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, all good questions, Julio. Let me just start at the top and tell you what it is. Basically, what we're doing is leveraging our network services infrastructure, so we're doing all switching, we're doing all routing, we're doing all settlement, we're doing all network management. If one of our clients happens to be the issuer, then also we'll do the authorization, as you would expect. As far as -- so that's what's in it from an FIS standpoint. So basically, we're running the entire network. We do that -- a lot of that, as you would expect. We do it not only for ourselves. We own a couple of networks, but we also do it for some third parties for some large -- other large networks out there. So this is not a difficult process for us but leveraging a lot of our capabilities, so it's a great win. As far as is mFoundry involved in this transaction today, no, but there are certainly some opportunities as we continue to evolve with mobile, with PayNet, with some of those other things. Today, we -- as I said, it's just that we're doing all the infrastructure work for them. MCX is really going to drive what is offered amongst this network. So we bring value in financial institution exposure. We will help MCX with a lot of financial institutions who want to join the network. But they will decide whether credit will be offered as well today. Certainly, the capabilities are there to offer credit. The -- today, it's going to be a debit-oriented platform, and it's going to be a mobile wallet offering, so more of a card not present at the start. But MCX will be laying out more of their vision and timing for it to roll out in those things.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Will it also have an ACH component?
Gary A. Norcross: There will be a potential for some ACH there as well. As I've said, MCX will drive how they want to settle those transactions. And obviously, if the financial institutions -- once they are a member of MCX, there is definitely going to be a realtime settlement as well.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And maybe just staying on the technology themes, a little bit of an update on EMV in terms of what you're seeing with your large clients and your own rollout efforts around EMV.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we've talked about this on prior calls. Given our size and scale internationally, EMV is not something for us to be worried about. We've been doing EMV for years outside of the U.S. We certainly are rolling it out now domestically. Some of our larger clients are starting to roll that out on a small scale. We are ready for EMV when the market is ready for it. And we continue -- as I said, we do have some limited rollout in the U.S. now, especially in their larger scale clients, where they have a lot of international travel.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. And then just lastly, anything on the regulatory investments side? Would that create any opportunities or tailwind to start thinking about '14 and '15 and the kind of post-Dodd-Frank world, with the increased compliance requirement disclosures? Are you guys seeing any momentum on that front, though, yes, from a demand perspective?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we've done a number of tuck-in acquisitions recently, right? We've -- and we've got a lot of capabilities to help train our clients around compliance and regulatory. We continue to see consulting services drive across that. Will it be a tailwind for us? We always think that -- we've always said, traditionally, regulatory change is a good thing for FIS. And having been with the company 25 years, I mean, look, over a long period of time, but any time there is a significant regulatory change, it tends to be very positive for FIS.
Frank R. Martire: And we're clearly well positioned for it, Julio, so we do have the products and the capability.
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely.
Frank R. Martire: And servicing arm to do it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Williams with UBS.
John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of quick ones. First on the deal environment, you had the Harland deal that just came through last week. I know you said it's not a big priority for you to do deals or buy anybody else at this point. But I'm just curious to know what you're just seeing in the environment right now in terms of pricing, in terms of what assets might be out there that could potentially be interesting for either you or potentially anybody else.
Gary A. Norcross: John, I think we're going to stay pretty -- we continue to be committed to our strategy. We think it's a strategy that works. Obviously, we've done a lot of very large transactions over the last 10 to 15 years, culminated with Metavante. Since that time, we're really looking for stuff that really brings us new capabilities or breaks us into new markets. So we're looking more for stuff like mFoundry. We've seen mobile as a great opportunity. We made a minority investment there for years as mobile ramped up. And we think we timed that inflection point of when now mobile is really accelerating. You hear that in our comment. Buying other companies that have other core banking systems, it just brings too much overlap to our client base. And frankly, for us, given where our assets are today and the strength of those assets and the success we're having around them just really brings us a problem. And so we're not interested in doing those kind of transactions today. They just don't -- they don't fit our strategy. But we continue to look for things that do bring us new technology, accelerate and augment things where -- that we already have in our portfolio.
James W. Woodall: Just to add some color around that, again, domestically, we just don't see anything on the horizon. We do continue to look internationally if we can find new markets or new opportunities that can supplement that large growth market.
Frank R. Martire: So, John, if you look domestically, we just have highly competitive core products that we feel really good about. And we just -- honestly, as Gary talked about, and Woody right now, we absolutely don't see the need to acquire or bring in other core products to compete against what we have when, in fact, right now, we feel we have the best in the marketplace.
John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Just in terms of -- just kind of logical follow-on, I guess capital allocation, it looks like leverage ticked up a bit. Just could you run through your priorities, how you think about using capital at this point and what your intention is surrounding paying down some debt versus doing anything else, like the dividend?
James W. Woodall: Yes, again, we continue to keep it on 3 legs, right, investing for growth, spending 5% to 6% of our revenue back and investing in the business through CapEx. We anticipate keeping our targeted debt at or slightly below 2.5x. It was slightly up on Q2. That's really more seasonality. We tend to tick up slightly in the second quarter and then drive that back down, which we anticipate to drive down the 2.5x or so by the end of the year. And then we've continued to look at share re-buybacks -- or share buyback as an additional way to give value back to shareholders. We bought $100 million in the first quarter, $125 million in the second quarter and have $425 million or so remaining under our authorization. So our capital allocation priorities have remained consistent.
John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So it does sound like a slight change, though. You had been saying I think 2x to 2.5x, so it's fair to say it's probably closer to 2.5x for the foreseeable future then?
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think we're kind of targeting trying to get down to 2.5x. And then longer term, the target will be at or slightly below 2.5x.
John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just one other confirmation on -- you said international growth, it was FX adjusted. You said you can do double digits there. That was the plan still?
James W. Woodall: That's correct. We still feel very confident in double-digit growth for the full year internationally.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Jefferies.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Do you guys see any impact, either directly or indirectly, from the European Commission payment regulations that -- at least the proposed regulations that were put out there recently?
Gary A. Norcross: We really don't. No, Ramsey. I mean, we always monitor that -- those kind of changes, regulatory changes worldwide. But at this time, we don't see any impact.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. Can you give us an update on the rate of decline, the rate of volume decline you're seeing in your check business? In other words, is it flattening out at all? Or are you still seeing a pretty consistent, steady decrease in the growth rate in that business year-over-year?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, 2 things. So let's -- we always want to make sure we're clear about our check business. There's really 2 check businesses. We have the check authorization at the point of sale. And then we have the -- what we would consider the back-office check processing business for financial institutions. As we've shared with you, we think that the check authorization business at the point of sale will continue to decline, although we are seeing that decline starting to slow. Interesting, on the back-office business, we've also forecasted and we're starting to see that, where our financial institution check processing business is really starting to shallow, we're faster, so the decline is actually slowing. We are actually starting to see -- maybe that's going to even be a headwind for us or turning into a headwind because -- I mean, tailwind, excuse me. As clients start getting their volumes down to a certain level, they are naturally going to want to outsource that function to us. So we actually think, while we said before this is not a business that you would necessarily get into in 2013, given our scale and size, it's going to be -- it's a good business for us. As these volumes continue to come down, more and people want to outsource us.
Frank R. Martire: Right, because as they're losing volumes, the unit cost is going up so high, they're looking to see if they could outsource it.
Gary A. Norcross: That's right.
James W. Woodall: To be specific on the numbers, too, we've typically gotten more of a 10% year-over-year decline. First quarter, I think you saw that more of a 3.5% to 4% type decline. Again, we said one quarter doesn't make a trend, but we have seen second quarter also being that same range of 3.5%, 4%. So...
Gary A. Norcross: Definitely slowing.
James W. Woodall: It's definitely seems to be slowing a bit.
Gary A. Norcross: Which is exactly what we've predicted. As you get more and more personnel volume out of the mix, it's just being augmented. The business volume is not falling off as rapidly.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: That's great. That makes sense and just really helpful. One last one for me. There's been some coverage in the press lately about NYCE's ability to process signature transactions -- signature debit transactions in a PIN-less format for smaller tickets, sort of sig over PIN as opposed to VISA's PIN over sig kind of capability. Is that something that you see as a potential growth opportunity? Or are we going to see PIN debit network, including NYCE, potentially taking signature share? Or is it still pretty -- is it something you're thinking just kind of pretty nichey.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Ramsey, at this point, I'm going to put it under the niche column. I couldn't speak to specifics on it, but we'd certainly going to circle back around and follow up with you on it. But the PIN, has not been touting that as a huge opportunity at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just on the MCX, obviously, a good win there. I'm just curious how -- there's been a lot of question -- how bank-friendly is the initiative? I'm assuming your core bank customers will obviously be watching it to understand the network infrastructure, the gateway that you're doing. But how are you -- how do you plan on balancing both sides?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, I know, it's a great question. And as you would expect, Tien-Tsin, we've gotten a lot of calls from our financial institution clients. I think, one, what our clients are telling us, there really couldn't be a better partner MCX could have chosen because we are so financially institution-centric. And what I think one of the things MCX saw was our ability to access a very high volume of financial institutions. So I think a lot of the financial institutions are in a wait-and-see, right, exactly what is MCX going to become, what is the volume that is going to get pushed across of it. They see us as a great opportunity to be an intermediator and help negotiate good pricing for the network. So I would tell you the response has been positive, but there is a lot of questions on exactly what MCX is. We're giving our long-standing relationships of driving highly bank-centric networks. They certainly see us as a strong advocate for them to get to a win-win.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. That's a good win. It's definitely a good win. Just on the International, I caught the second half pickup back to double-digit. Anything in the backlog there we should consider that will definitely push it into the double digits?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I mean, Woody and I both counted Sainsbury's coming on. I mean, that's going to continue to ramp up. That's a very large deal. You're seeing Vietinbank that we doubted coming on. The India ATM rollout is going very well. I'm just very pleased with the results that team is producing. Brazil continues to stay strong. So we think that's going to continue to be a tailwind for us as well. So we're bullish on International for the back half of the year.
James W. Woodall: I think, the back half, it's just the strength in the International pipeline.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, absolutely. Sure.
Frank R. Martire: A combination of pipeline. And if you look at these 3 or 4 significant deals, their opportunity to grow over the next few years is significant.
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, good. Just want to make sure that those are coming, as you suggested. The last one for me, just I caught the question-and-answer on the Europe regulation stuff. Any chance that, that could -- on any change in rules or what have you, any chance that could help Capco from an advisory standpoint? It seems like that's an area where you could help with adopting.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then also put a freeze on spend in the region as well as we're trying to figure out what to actually do. And if I can see both sides of it, just trying to assess if that's the situation.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I'll tell you, I mean, our consulting business, Capco, it continues to grow very, very nicely, all right, in both Europe and the U.S. So we're very pleased with the growth you see in our accrual we have to make on the earnout. Certainly, activities around regulatory compliance and being able to meet the needs of those regulatory changes or great consulting engagements for our team. We've got some of the -- obviously, we've got -- we feel we got the best consultants in the industry, and so it aligns very well with that. So I think you're right, it can continue to grow further engagements and continue to help propel growth in Europe.
Frank R. Martire: That's a good point because that's really a sweet spot for Capco.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. And then how about just a push towards outsourcing? I can see an argument for banks wanting to cut costs but then also maybe take a wait-and-see view on things.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, well, what happened is we've actually got evidence historically, Tien-Tsin, if you look back -- I don't know if you remember the Barclays announcement several years ago. There was a major regulatory change around lending, and they weren't able to implement it through their legacy systems in time to meet the regulatory challenge. So we were able to pick up Barclays through that transaction on an outsourcing basis. So I think there's going to continue to be opportunities like that. As I said, historically, regulatory change has always been a positive for FIS. You start with the consulting engagement and the training around it, but then customers have to adopt those regulations, and that plays typically very well into our platforms. And since we're the leader in the outsourcing space, it tends to come on in an outsourcing manner.
Frank R. Martire: So it's generally a clear movement towards outsourcing, and that plays well for us.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Just one more question. I wanted to make sure I understood or heard you right, the new deal wins, I think you're using the term significant as anything over $25 million in, I think, value. Can you just reiterate what you did say on those? I know you don't want to get too detailed, but can you just reiterate that for us?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. I mean, we view a significant contract, Brett, as anything that's got total contract value of $25 million. Clearly, we signed a lot of deals that are a lot larger than that. The India ATM deal was worth $0.5 billion just on TCV, and that should suggest to you guys we're conservative in nature. So when we calculate this internally, we look at what are the minimums that have to be paid under that contract, not what the future could hold, right, to judge the sizings. And so certainly, when we look at Sainsbury's, when we look at MCX, these are substantially larger than what we would -- what we consider a large transaction for us.
Frank R. Martire: And that's what's in the minimum...
Gary A. Norcross: Right.
Frank R. Martire: Outside of the potential for growth.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And so the India deal is $500 million total contract value to you guys or in total for the whole thing, and you got a chunk of it?
James W. Woodall: No, to FIS.
Gary A. Norcross: That's for FIS. And so once again, those are -- we adjust that off minimums or from a conservative standpoint. So we would expect nothing but upside when we talk about contract sizing.
Frank R. Martire: Potential should be larger.
Mary K. Waggoner: Thanks, everybody, for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 a.m. today through August 13, 2013. You may access the AT&T Executive replay system at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 296797. International participants, dial (320) 365-3844. Thank you. That does conclude the conference for today. Your participation was greatly appreciated. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Frank R. Martire - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Operating Officer James W. Woodall - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Senior Vice President, Ms. Mary Waggoner. Please go ahead.
Mary K. Waggoner: Thank you, Tom, and thanks to everyone joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings report. With me to discuss our first quarter results are Frank Martire, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Gary Norcross, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Woody Woodall, Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mike Hayford will join us for the Q&A portion of the call. Today's news release and supplemental slide presentation have been posted to our website at fisglobal.com. A replay of today's presentation will be available shortly after the call. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on Slide 3 of the presentation. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented as outlined on Slide 4. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachment to the press release and the supplemental slide. I will now turn the call over to Frank Martire. Frank?
Frank R. Martire: Thanks, Mary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I'll begin today's business review with a summary of our financial performance and business highlights for the first quarter. Gary will follow with the business strategy and operations report, and Woody will provide additional insight into our first quarter financial performance and our outlook for the remainder of 2013. As shown on Slide 6, our first quarter results was very strong, including organic revenue which increased 5% compared to the first quarter of 2012. We continued to deliver on our financial targets and execute our strategy to maximize performance. This is evidenced by organic growth of 5% or better in 8 of the last 10 quarters. Our first quarter top line growth was driven by solid results across all businesses. Consolidated EBITDA grew 8% and our margin expanded 110 basis points. Adjusted earnings per share rose to $0.62, up 17% from the first quarter of 2012. This is a tremendous accomplishment on all fronts. We are encouraged by this healthy start to the year and our progress towards achieving our 2013 goals. Turning to Slide 7, I will highlight a few key accomplishments for the quarter. We continued to solidify our market leadership position as we leverage our global client base and the breadth and depth of our solutions. Our best in class solutions have produced intangible benefits as illustrated by our growing global scale and the expanding client relationships. Additionally, we continued to make steady gains in expanding our share of wallet in the large North American and international financial institution sector. These inroads reflect new outsourcing agreements with GE Capital Bank and the FirstBank of Puerto Rico, along with strong growth within our consulting business. Continuing on Slide 8. We remain highly focused on driving shareholder value through a combination of continued strong financial performance and disciplined capital allocation. First, we continued to invest for growth with a focus on innovation. We have worked diligently over the last year to reduce debt, further strengthening our balance sheet and achieve investment grade ratings. Last, we returned $165 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, including a 10% increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.22 per share. In summary, our strong start to 2013 is very encouraging, and it reinforces our strong operating model and ability to execute. It also bodes well for our continued success as we concentrate on serving our clients, enhancing the business globally and driving value for our shareholders. Before I close, I would like to congratulate Woody Woodall on his promotion to Chief Financial Officer. Woody has provided strong financial leadership since joining FIS in 2008, and he has played a key role in developing and executing our financial strategy. Woody will continue to help drive the success of FIS. I also wish to congratulate Mike Hayford on his retirement in June. Mike has made significant contributions to our company's success through his 21-year tenure. We are fortunate to have benefited from his dedication, his leadership, and we wish him well and all the very best. Now I will turn the call over to Gary for the business summary and operations report. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, Frank, and thanks again to everyone for joining us this morning. As Frank mentioned, we are off to a very strong start for the year. Our continued sales execution and our ongoing focus on operational efficiency translated into consistent execution, including solid top line growth and margin expansion. My remarks this morning will cover several key topics. First, I will cover global sales execution and provide examples of continued demand for our full breadth of solutions. Second, I will discuss trends and new opportunities in each of our key markets. Last, I will highlight key innovation underpinning trends across all markets. I will begin with our global sales performance on Slide 10. Ongoing investment spending by our clients, coupled with strong sales execution, drove a strong increase in new sales to financial institutions in the first quarter. The pipeline continues to grow, and we see opportunities across all the markets that we serve. As we highlighted last quarter, deals' scope and size are expanding. This quarter, we continued to see larger transaction opportunities as we signed several significant deals greater than $25 million in contract value. This continues to amplify our success in meeting client needs through our innovative solution combinations, not only in our community markets but in the larger financial institution market as well. These trends are driving consistent top line growth and EBITDA for FIS, thanks to our solution depth and breadth, market diversity and global scale. Next, I will discuss trends and new opportunities in each of our key market segments beginning with North America on Slide 11. The overall spending outlook continues to improve despite ongoing regulatory scrutiny. As clients center on growing their businesses and optimizing their cost structures, changing consumer preferences, including how they engage with financial services providers, has accelerated the pace of solution innovation adoption by our North American clients. Increased investment spending, coupled with the need to drive efficiency gains, is resulting in a greater portion of total spend shifting to third-party providers like FIS. We see continued strength around core solutions. We are winning new deals and have a record number of opportunities in the pipeline. We are very pleased to welcome Milwaukee-based Guaranty Bank as a new core processing client. They will also deploy FIS's full suite of ancillary core and payment solutions. Continued core sales are important because these relationships drive significant cross-sell opportunities and additional pull-through revenue. We also continued to extend our leadership position among direct banks in the U.S., including the upcoming launch of GE Capital Bank, which is expected to go live later this year. As part of the agreement, GE Capital will leverage our outsourced core processing system, as well as other ancillary FIS solutions. These engagements follow similar implementations of our core solutions by RBC Bank and Barclays Bank over the past year. Additionally, we are seeing a steady trend by clients to outsource more of their technology, development and back-office functions. The shift is occurring across all markets and geographies as financial institutions recognize the strategic value of outsourcing. As an example, we acquired ProNet Solutions last fall, a leading provider of technology management solutions. The additional capabilities provided by ProNet were instrumental in securing a new outsourcing relationship with Beneficial Bank, a large community institution. We continue to execute our strategy to increase our share of wallet in the above $10 billion market, where our service offerings, scale and years of experience are key differentiators. In contrast to smaller institutions, which lever our full solutions suite, mid and top-tier institutions may opt to run a mix of in-house and outsourced solutions while leveraging our professional services capabilities. For example, USAA Federal Savings Bank, a top 25 institution, recently signed a multi-year agreement with FIS to manage the continual upgrade of our core processing platform. Next, I will cover our international market on Slide 12. Our successful expansion in key international markets and our growing global scale count among the important differentiators for FIS. In Europe, we experienced solid demand for core enhancements in consulting expertise. Given the economic backdrop and regulatory constraints, innovation in this market predominantly centers on the need to improve efficiencies. As a result, we're having more discussions around our outsourced processing and service capabilities. Although an elongated sales cycle persists, we are encouraged by the strength in the new sales pipeline and we remain excited about the potential for accelerated growth in the region. In the developing regions, we are seeing significant momentum in Asia and Latin America, which continued to register double-digit organic growth. Product innovation in both of these markets is being driven to a large degree by a focus on capturing more share of the growing bankable population, as well as government initiatives to expand banking services in underserved markets. Growth in Asia is broad-based, including our Payments business in India, as well as ongoing expansion of our core and Payment Solutions throughout Southeast Asia. Turning to Latin America. Brazil remains a strong growth market for us. Increased card usage and adoption is driving transaction growth and higher demand for cardholder support. New solution launches, such as the ELO card along with Banco Bradesco's plans to issue American Express cards, are generating new opportunities while leveraging our full service card operation. The success of the joint venture has resulted in strong brand identity for FIS and is driving expansion of our client base. We are pleased to announce a new 7-year card processing agreement with Cencosud, the fourth largest retailer in Brazil. By outsourcing its card operations, Cencosud will benefit from our robust and scalable solution, which is well suited to support their existing business needs and aggressive growth plans. We are also excited about opportunities to expand our Caribbean footprint. In March, we announced a new facilities management agreement with the FirstBank of Puerto Rico. As part of the agreement, FirstBank will outsource its core processing function to FIS and will deploy our business eBanking solution. In addition, FIS will manage the bank's IT infrastructure, including network support. This expanded relationship leverages our more than 40-year record in facilities management and on-site client support. Next, I'd like to discuss some of the opportunities we are seeing in the global financial institution market. Please turn to Slide 13. Our existing client base within this group includes more than 25 of the largest global and multinational financial institutions, with assets ranging from $300 billion to nearly $3 trillion. The addressable spend for these clients is substantially higher than our current share of wallet. The needs of institutions within this sector are unique to specific business strategies that require a highly sophisticated skill set and complex solutions where deep industry knowledge and a consultative approach are required. Innovation is driven by the need to adapt to new business models, transform business processes and enhance delivery execution. These were the driving factors behind the transformational change sourcing initiative for the large investment bank that we discussed at our recent investor update in New York.  FIS identified these market trends early on. We began preparing for the shift nearly a decade ago by investing in next-generation technology, expanding our depth of consulting expertise and building out our service capabilities on a global scale. We believe that this powerful combination offers a value proposition that is unmatched in the market. Finally, please turn to Slide 14. Underpinning these market-specific trends are strong trends driving our solution innovation. Earlier this month, we highlighted our latest innovations in solution integration at our largest ever client conference. In addition to relationship and sales expansion, these events allow us to showcase innovation in a hands-on way and helps us shape our growth investments. Our new solution launches, including our enhanced mobile suite and real-time payment capabilities, resonated very well with our clients that attended. These innovations are supported through our recent acquisition of mFoundry, which positions FIS as the leading provider of mobile solutions. We now service nearly 19 million mobile banking users and 3 million remote deposit capture users, making us nearly 3x the scale and market reach of our next largest competitor. In Payment Solutions, such as our recently launched FIS People Pay and PayNet Solutions combined with consumer mobility requirements, drive new solution integration opportunities in our market. These investments are further bolstered by the fact that mobile banking apps now surpass online banking website as consumers' preferred method of remote access, prompting financial institutions to increase their investment in these areas. In closing, considering the -- consider the key takeaways outlined on Slide 15. We continued to deliver on plan to drive strong organic revenue growth, which increased 5% year-over-year and at 5% or more in 8 of the last 10 quarters. We continued to deliver on our plan to drive margin expansion, with consolidated EBITDA growing 8% in the quarter, expanding margins 110 basis points. We are very encouraged by the continued momentum of our business across all market segments and the increasing demand globally for transformative solutions as evidenced by our strong sales pipeline and our increasing large transaction signings, all of which are driving consistent top line growth and EBITDA. We feel very confident about our strong competitive position. We believe that the powerful combination of FIS technology solutions, service capabilities, consulting expertise, combined with our innovation investments and global scale, offers a value proposition that is unmatched in the market. And finally, these strengths, combined with our strong track record of consistent execution, provide an excellent foundation for continued strong performance. Again, thank you for joining us this morning. Woody will now highlight our financial report.
James W. Woodall: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 17 with a summary of our consolidated results. Consolidated revenue increased 4.6% to $1.5 billion and grew 4.8% on an organic basis after normalizing for currency and acquisitions. EBITDA grew 8.5% to $428 million, and the margin improved 110 basis points to 29%. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations increased to $182 million, and adjusted earnings per share increased 17% to $0.62 compared to $0.53 in the prior year. These results include approximately $14 million in previously disclosed termination fees, which partially offset the related loss of high margin account processing revenue. As previously discussed, the fees are more heavily weighted in the first half of the year. These, as well as other fees, contributed to the margin expansion in the first quarter. Next, I will continue on Slide 18 with the segment review. Financial Solutions revenue increased 6.8% to $575 million in the first quarter and grew 4.6% organically, driven by growth in consulting, global commercial services, mobile and eBanking solutions. Financial Solutions EBITDA increased 9.5% to $228 million, and the EBITDA margin expanded 100 basis points to 39.6%. Turning to Slide 19. Payment Solutions revenue increased 2.5% to $612 million and increased 3.8% excluding the check businesses. We experienced continued growth in the NYCE PIN-debit network and bill payment solutions, following strong volumes in the first quarter of 2012. The current quarter also benefited from higher volumes in our output solutions business. Payment Solutions EBITDA increased 8.6% to $258 million in the quarter, and the margin increased 240 basis points to 42.2%. Now I'll cover our international business on Slide 20. Organic revenue growth accelerated to 10.8% in the first quarter, in line with our expectation, led by double-digit increases in Latin America and Asia Pacific. We continued to benefit from strong transaction volumes in Brazil and new client implementations in Asia. In addition, ongoing demand for professional services, coupled with continued strong performance in our consulting practice, is driving growth in Europe. International revenue increased 5.3% on a reported basis, which included a $15 million currency headwind. International EBITDA increased 15% to $59 million, and the margin expanded 170 basis points to 20.3%. Next, I will provide a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP earnings per share on Slide 21. GAAP earnings per share totaled $0.50 compared to $0.31 in the first quarter of 2012. Our first quarter 2013 GAAP results are adjusted to exclude $0.14 of acquisition-related amortization and a $0.02 gain resulting from the purchase of the remaining interest in mFoundry. The gain represents the difference between the fair value and the carrying value of the previously held minority interest investment in mFoundry. This brings us to adjusted earnings per share of $0.62, which is a 17% increase compared to $0.53 in the prior year quarter. The average diluted share count for the first quarter of 2013 was 295.5 million. Basic shares outstanding declined 1.5 million sequentially to 292.6 million as of March 31 compared to 294.1 million outstanding at the end of 2012. Moving on to cash flow on Slide 22. Cash flow from operations totaled $221 million in the first quarter of 2013 after adjusting for the net change in settlement activity. Capital expenditures totaled $74 million or approximately 5% of revenue, which brings us to free cash flow of $148 million. As depicted on Slide 23, the uses of cash flow during the first quarter are consistent with our capital allocation priorities of investing for growth, strengthening the balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. In March, we completed the acquisition of mFoundry for approximately $115 million, net of cash acquired. As Gary discussed, mFoundry enhances our strategic positioning in the mobile channel and supports our strategy to deploy capital in high-growth businesses. We returned $165 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the first quarter of 2013. We repurchased 2.7 million shares in the open market for a total cost of approximately $100 million or an average cost of $37.17 per share. Approximately $550 million remains available under the existing repurchase authorization, and we anticipate repurchasing additional shares throughout the year. Dividends totaled $65 million or $0.22 per share in the first quarter, reflecting the 10% per share increase that we announced in February. Debt outstanding increased to $4.6 billion as of March 31 compared to $4.4 billion at the end of 2012. The increase was related to the mFoundry purchase and seasonal borrowings under -- on the revolver. The weighted average rate was 4.4% as of March 31, and total debt-to-EBITDA was 2.6x. Looking ahead with regard to leverage, our goal is to target debt-to-EBITDA at or slightly below 2.5x. Over the past year, we've made significant progress in strengthening our balance sheet, including reducing and refinancing our debt. When combined with our disciplined capital allocation strategy, these actions have resulted in the attainment of investment grade ratings, which have enabled us to issue long-term debt at very attractive borrowing rates and to modify our credit facility to include more favorable terms. Now if you will turn to Slide 24, I will summarize the recently completed refinancing activity. Earlier this month, we issued $1.25 billion of new senior notes consisting of a $250 million 5-year tranche at 2% and a $1 billion 10-year tranche at 3.5%. We will use a portion of the net proceeds to redeem $750 million of 7 5/8% senior notes due in 2017 and the remaining proceeds to reduce borrowings on our revolver. To add a little more color on interest costs, when we put our plan together and gave you guidance for 2013, we assumed we would be doing a refinancing that would include the issuance of new bonds and the redemption of our 7 5/8% bonds. We also knew that we had one upgrade that would result in interest savings under our credit facility. Since we gave you guidance for 2013 back in February, there have been a number of pluses and minuses regarding interest cost. On the plus side, we were able to issue bonds at lower rates than we expected, and in March, we received another credit rating upgrade that results in additional interest savings under our credit facility. On the minus side, we used a portion of the proceeds from our bond issuance to pay down the revolver borrowings, which carry a variable interest rate that is currently lower than the bonds. We have a 30-day period where we have the interest on both the new bonds issued and the bonds that we are redeeming, and we have an unused commitment fee on the $850 million increase on our revolver that we achieved in the amendment of our credit facility. The net impact of these pluses and minuses is a benefit of approximately $0.01 per share compared to our original plan for interest expense. To help you with your models, we now anticipate net interest expense in the range of 185 to 195 for the full year. We expect to book a pretax charge of approximately $60 million related to the new debt issuance and refinancing activity in the second quarter of 2013. These costs will be excluded from adjusted net earnings. Turning to Slide 25, I will review our outlook for the remainder of the year. We're making good progress against our full year 2013 objectives, which continued to be 4% to 6% reported revenue growth; 3% to 5% organic revenue growth; 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion; adjusted earnings per share of $2.77 to $2.87, which equates to an increase of 11% to 15% over 2012; and we continued to anticipate that free cash flow will convert at approximately 100% of adjusted net earnings for the full year. Before opening the line for questions, I will summarize a few key takeaways for the quarter on Slide 26. We are pleased with our first quarter performance, which continued the trend of consistent execution and provides a strong foundation for the remainder of the year. We are encouraged by the level of investment spending by our clients and the growing sales pipeline. We remain focused on deploying cash in value-enhancing ways, including investing for future growth, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. That concludes our review of the first quarter results. Operator, we can now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Glenn Greene representing Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I guess the first one for Gary, just wanted to kind of drill down on some of the sales trends, and maybe first of all, you can sort of give us a frame of reference for sort of aggregate sales growth year-over-year. And you gave a lot of color on sort of the various piece parts being like North America, international, some of the global FIS, could you talk about the specific sales growth trends within those subcategories?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. Well, first, thanks for the notice on the quarter. The team really worked hard, and we're getting some strong results. We have seen strong results across all of our markets. So if you look at community markets, large financial or international markets, we continue to see strong growth in all those categories around outsourcing type services and consulting-related services. If you look, if you remember, we had a slow start last year in our North American financial institution specifically, so we're very pleased to see that return and show nice growth year-over-year. And we highlighted that in the script. We're not going to every quarter give percentage increases year-over-year, we think that's a little less relevant than more than just direction of how the business are performing. But suffice it to say, in all of our markets, we're seeing good growth around outsourcing, a good nice mix between core banking and payments as we move up market heavily augmented with consulting and professional services, and our international market is converting heavily towards outsourcing at a pretty rapid rate. So everything very positive for the quarter from a sales standpoint.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the margin side, it looked like every segment had pretty solid sort of year-over-year margin expansion, most notably the Payment Solutions, and I think that's a few quarters in a row, or at least 2. And that's despite sort of like still okay growth, but not great growth. Is -- are sort of the EBITDA margins within Payment Solutions sustainable? And what's kind of driving the margin expansion on the context of still sort of soft growth there?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, well, a couple of things. We've talked about in the past, we have such significant scale in North America around our payments. You see incremental revenue growth come on at very high margins. So are the margins going to be sustainable? Yes, as long as we have that growth, the team does an excellent job of controlling their costs. And it goes back to our leveraged processing environment. So as you bring these incremental transactions, whether it's on NYCE, whether it's on bill payment, whether it's on debit or credit, you're seeing those incremental fees. We also have some layering-in around term fees from M&I that we talked about in the investor update as well. But all in all, we are very pleased with payment performance. NYCE is continuing to perform very well, as Woody highlighted, bill payments continue to highlight very well, and you're just seeing the scale of that processing environment.
James W. Woodall: Some of those term fees that I mentioned in the call really aligned into both FSG and PSG, and gave a bit of a tailwind in the quarter.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: All right. I was going to ask for sort of what's reported, but it sounds like it was across both FI and payment.
James W. Woodall: That's correct.
Operator: The next question comes from Brett Huff with Stephens Incorporated.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about the security spend? I know you detailed some of this last year and on your Investor Day, positioning that as something that you need to do, but also potentially a competitive advantage. You mentioned in the release that, that was something that would continue, but you also noted it seems like maybe $15 million year-over-year in corporate was largely driven by that. Should we expect that same level going forward or does it increase or moderate, a? And then b, is that driving incremental competitive advantage as you close deals?
James W. Woodall: I'll talk about kind of the numbers and then let Gary kind of highlight what competitive distinction there. The increase in the first quarter was almost entirely related to incremental security and risk management initiatives. We talked about spending a lot of resource in both those areas. If you look at full year, we kind of anticipate corporate costs to run a little more in the $100 million to $105 million a quarter, Brett. So a little lower as we go along throughout the year, but we are going to continue to invest in risk management and security in 2013 and beyond.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. From a strategic advantage standpoint, Brett, I mean, we've talked about this in the past, I really believe we're looking at the new normal here. And so when you think about it, are we going to drive business through our investments? I think the result of this is everybody's going to need to make these level of investments in order to compete. Our customers are looking for this level of security and risk management. As we've highlighted in the past, we've hired 2 very significant leaders over that area, Greg Montana and Greg Schaffer. They're both doing an outstanding job driving our security and risk management protocols. And it's resonating in our conversations. I will tell you, we don't have -- especially in the large financial institution market, we really don't have a conversation where at some point in time, we don't get into what are the best practices that we're pursuing around risk and security. And so I do think under the new normal, this will pay dividends for us in the future.
Frank R. Martire: Brett, I would suggest that these type of investments are being made by our competitors and certainly by our clients, right? So our clients are doing the exact same thing as they drum up their security.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And then second question, on gross margins, they expanded out more than we thought. And Woody, maybe this is a question for you, but how much was the gross margin expansion would that has been x the term fees? Just to give us a sense of that more maybe organic or sustainable or however you want to call it. Could you give us any color on that?
James W. Woodall: Yes. I mean, as we go through the planning process, every year, we plan for some level of term fees, as you can imagine. We did anticipate 2013 was going to be a little bit heavier based on the de-conversion activity from the fall of last year that we previously disclosed to you. So not only were they're a little heavy in the first quarter, we knew that the first half of the year was even going to be a little heavy. And then beyond that, the timing is a little lumpy. Sometimes, you can't exactly predict when the actual de-conversion of term fees will actually flow. All that said, if you kind of pull out the balance of the term fees, we were more in line with that 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion we've been talking about.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Togut with Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Congratulations, Woody, on your promotion.
James W. Woodall: Thanks, David.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Gary, could you comment on unit pricing trends in North America community bank, large North America FIs and international?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, David, I'd be happy to. We've talked about this in the past, and we're really not seeing any change, definitely in community markets. Do we see some pricing compression? Yes. But we're not seeing any increase in the rate of that compression, so it seems to be fairly consistent. What we do see in community banks though is as we go through those sales processes, the fact of the breadth of our solution allows us to garner much higher wallet share, and therefore, our revenue is able to well over drive any of -- anything in the pricing compression marketplace. When you start moving up into the large financial institutions or the international markets, those are much more complex, heavily services loaded type engagements, and so we don't see as much pricing compression there. The reality is where we get differentiated around our services component is the financial knowledge that we bring around financial services, but also the knowledge, the intellectual property knowledge, we bring around our products allow us to differentiate there. And really, we don't see as much pricing compression going on in those markets.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Could you give us some insight into the ramp up of the 2 big contracts, the India ATM contract and also the big change management consulting contract with a large New York bank?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, the quick answer is they're both in green status and both going very well. I was just over in India recently and met with the team, and we're doing exceptionally well on our launch. We are right on target across all of our key metrics, and the same thing is going on with the large investment institution. The team is doing an excellent job of deploying against that contract. So currently, everything is in green status, and we feel great about those 2 engagements.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Great. And just a final housekeeping question, Woody, what was the share count as of March 31?
James W. Woodall: You're looking for basic shares?
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: If you have basic and fully diluted?
James W. Woodall: I think fully diluted -- bear with me. Fully diluted was 295.5 million and basic was 292.6 million as of March.
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess my first question is, as I look at the ramp of margins, typically, you guys do have margins going up sequentially from 1Q to 4Q, and given the lumpiness associated with the term fees this year, do you still expect that trend? And then specifically, 2Q last year was rather strong, do you expect still a year-over-year increase in margins for 2Q?
James W. Woodall: Well, I'll try to answer your first question first. If you kind of pull the term fees out, as we've talked about, it'd be more in line with that 30 to 50 basis points of expansion we've talked about. We anticipate a similar level of business flow over the course of the year, which typically puts a little higher margin towards the back end of the year. That may not hold 100% true this year because of the weighting of terms fees that we got in the first half related to the M&I de-conversion. As you remember, about 70% of those term fees related to M&I were going to be in the first half of the year. So it may put a little bit of a skewing in the traditional margin expansion, Ashwin, that you talk about over the course of the year. But we still feel good about the overall 30 to 50 basis points for the full year. In the second quarter, we still feel okay about where we're headed, but we've got some difficult comps as we saw some really strong growth in the Payments business in the second quarter last year. So there's some more difficult comps in Q2 to continue to grow that expansion sequentially.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then on the -- to your comment on deals' scope and size increasing, is this coming from both existing and from new clients? And when scope and size increases, we note that mobility obviously is an important solution, but could you sort of walk through a couple of the other solutions that are driving the deals' scope increases?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. This is Gary. When you look at what we've accumulated from an asset pool standpoint over the last 10 years with acquisitions, when you look at what we've launched with just new development, what we're seeing is as our customers or as our prospects are trying to drive down their costs and be more competitive in this market, they're broadening their spending with single solution providers. So to answer your question specifically, we're seeing it across all of our markets, we are seeing a much broader solution set that we're selling at the time whether that's in renewal, so that we're gaining more wallet share through the renewal process, and frankly, throughout the term of the agreement. But even on our new sales where we don't have any pre-existing relationship like the example we highlighted with Guaranty Bank, we're seeing those guys take out a much, much broader set of our capabilities. And then that goes on beyond just product, we're also seeing a lot of services demand and a lot of outsourcing demand, which translates into larger and larger deals we're signing.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And I guess last question, Cencosud, a good agreement there. When does it kick in? Is this a multi-quarter ramp or is that sort of a onetime cutover?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. It will be a multi-quarter ramp that will be ramping on throughout this year, or later this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal with Jefferies.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: One of the drivers you cited for your solid performance in the Payments segment is network solutions, which I assume is mostly NYCE. But was PayNet at all a contributor in the quarter? And do you have any updated thinking of the timing on when PayNet might develop into a meaningful revenue contributor?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, first thing. The network solutions example that we highlighted was really geared around the outsourcing of the full complement of the IT network within financial institutions. And so that's a key area, as people securities, responsibilities and availability continues to increase. Customers are looking for more sophisticated offerings in there, and that was the example we gave. Your second question around PayNet, we continue to see good momentum in PayNet. We continue to sign up customers. It's a really unique value proposition, so we're seeing good growth in transaction, good growth in clients, but it's still small to be contributing any meaningful dollars to the revenue top or bottom line. As we highlighted when we announced that these sort of -- these types of innovations ramp up over a couple of years and then start generating meaningful dollars in that 2- and 3-year out period. But good results. I've talked about our client conference that we had, we had phenomenal attendance, and certainly, PayNet was a key centerpiece of that conference and a lot of demand for it there.
Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great, okay. Pfizer has announced quite a few decent-sized deal wins in the bill pay space in the last several months or so. Can you give us -- and you cited that as a factor in your out-performance in your Payments segment also this quarter. Can you give us an update of the kind of competitive environment with bill pay, how does your pipeline look and how do you feel, do you feel well positioned to win business going forward?
Gary A. Norcross: We do. Our bill payment group is doing an excellent job. I mean, we've launched P2P product, FIS people pay out of that group. We continue to see strong demand in the open market for our bill payment capabilities, and as evidenced by consistent quarters of good solid growth. And so the sales pipeline is strong around bill payment, and we continue to feel like we got a very competitive offering in the market.
Operator: We have a question from John Williams of UBS.
John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So very quickly. On the international side, it seems like you've got pretty solid momentum there. It almost seems like pretty good acceleration. Are you seeing a shift in the tone or the priorities that you're hearing from the FI customers in the global markets? I thought you did a good break down of what you are seeing in Europe, in Asia and Brazil, but is there something that you could point to that's maybe changed in the last few months?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, I think there is a couple of things. I think one thing we're seeing is -- and we saw it all throughout 2012 and it's continued into 2013, we've really seen a shift towards much broader outsourcing and much broader services around product. Historically, we had a lot of business around license fees, and actually, product licensing and then, some short-term professional services for installation or customization. But we've seen that move in a much more material way as highlighted by the First National Bank of Puerto Rico, as highlighted by the India deal. We're seeing a lot more transactions moving towards outsourcing. We also, throughout Europe, we're seeing customers really starting to engage our consulting practice because they've got to figure out how to get costs out of their environment. And that is really the first step, where you'll start seeing clients ask for help, engage, to do a consulting engagement, to figure out how you transform the institution. So that's a good sign for us as well, and we think that always precedes certainly than more talk around outsourcing and actually delivering the product as they go through the transformation process.
Frank R. Martire: And John, this is Frank. We've seen that movement to outsourcing, as Gary is mentioning, from the community banks to the top-tier banks in the country. So it's clearly going to that direction at all the market segments.
John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So it's interesting -- that's actually a very helpful answer, but it's interesting that you led in the press release, we're talking about consulting, and I was just curious to get an update on the momentum in the Capco business and what you've seen over the last few months there?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, it continues to do very well. It's been a great acquisition for us. It's really falling in with exactly what our expectations were around the strategy of why we did the deal. We're seeing strong growth, and as you guys know, Capco's predominantly in Europe and the U.S. We're seeing growth in both Europe and the U S. And really in that large financial institution marketplace where Capco can lead with their industry expertise, we've hired a lot of really, really strong talent in the retail banking side is well, which is helping with the growth and complements our FIS product solutions suite. So as I shared earlier, continued strength in the consulting business.
Frank R. Martire: John, on new acquisitions, you look at least to meet the expectations or exceed, and Capco has been on the exceed side of the ledger.
John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Would you guys say the profile of that business in terms of the high-end nature and the margin profile have stayed similar post the integration into FIS?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we've actually seen, if you remember, when we originally bought Capco, they -- we have not -- we actually lost one of the largest clients due to the economic collapse, and we had a decision to make, do you actually take out headcount or do you sell through that. We chose to sell through that and end up being a very, very good decision. As a result of that, as we've sold through, we've seen our margins actually increase substantially from that low point, and they've been a very nice tailwind for us. Keep in mind, we've said this before, our consulting business will never approach the margins of our processing business, they just can't. That's not the nature of those businesses. And so really, the secret sauce, so to speak, is how do you leverage that consulting to drive, transform the services and processing into FIS. And we're starting to see the results of that, and we've highlighted a few on prior calls. But good margin momentum. It will definitely attain -- that group will definitely attain margins equal to or greater than some of the larger consulting practices in the industry.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just want to clarify a couple of things. Was there any surprises in the quarter related to BMO Harris, and M&I and the de-conversion and sort of replenishment of the pipeline, anything to call out there?
James W. Woodall: No, I don't think so. We've kind of outlined the de-conversion fees and how they would lay out, kind of heavier in the front half of the year, that laid out pretty close to exactly what our expectations were. We continued to work with them closely and they're a great client for us.
Frank R. Martire: And from an operations standpoint, it went very well and the clients have been very pleased.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Just to make sure, anything we should consider for 2Q related to BMO specifically?
Gary A. Norcross: No, I think it's going to be pretty much as we laid out. You continue to see our sales execution, which continues to allow us to sell through, through that situation. But as Frank mentioned, we've got a great relationship with them, continue to do business together, and the sales team continues to execute and -- for 2014 as we bring on new clients.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood, understood. Just to wanted to make sure we had that modeled right. And I just -- within the free cash flow fund, I know that came a little bit below the adjusted earnings. Anything -- when could we see that actually come in above to normalized to in line with earnings for the full year, for example, in 2Q, could we see a little bit of an uptick there?
James W. Woodall: A couple of thoughts. One, we really don't try to model quarterly cash flow. We really look at more of the full year. The last few years, we've been able to over drive adjusted net earnings conversion into cash. We had some working capital items in Q1 that shifted a little bit, but we are very close to our plan, our internal plan, with regard to free cash flow in Q1 and still feel very good about the full year guidance regarding free cash flow.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, good. I just wanted to make sure, I figured that was the case. And then just last one, I'll let you guys move on. Just an update on Brazil, the ELO card and sort issuance trends. We've heard a lot of different things in the marketplace. I'm curious if have you seen any change in trajectory down in Brazil?
Gary A. Norcross: The ELO card has actually come online a little slower than what I think we originally thought, and I think you guys have seen some of the same thing. There continues to be steady growth in that. But I would tell you, overall, our overall card business is growing very, very nicely down there. We continue to see the portfolio of cards we offer grow substantially. So we are still bullish on Brazil. We're excited about the opportunity of bringing on American Express. We're excited about new customers we're on-boarding. But I would say ELO has been more of a slower on the ramp up than what we originally expected. I do think that there will be a point where that program will break, and we'll see a good strong growth out of it.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right, great. That's good to know. I know your dependency is low on that, but I figure I'd ask anyway. Appreciate it.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, I know.
Operator: Next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the organic growth that came in at 5% in the quarter and the guidance is 3% to 5%. So what do you expect as we go throughout the year, do you expect that to moderate a little bit or potentially stay at that level, accelerate? Just trying to get a sense of how it goes throughout 2013.
James W. Woodall: I think we were pleased with the growth in the first quarter. We laid out our guidance back in February, as we finished up our plan end of last year and we anticipate a little bit of dilution from some of that de-conversion activity we talked about last year. But we saw solid results and are very encouraged by where organic growth flow through in the first quarter, particularly with the acceleration of international and getting back to where our expectations were. Beyond that, I think the full year still kind of outline within that guidance range, but very encouraged about first quarter results.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, Bryan, we are encouraged by the first quarter, we are also encouraged by the pipeline, which is very strong for us. And now, it's just a question of execution, again, for sales to close. But clearly, we're to use the right word, we are encouraged.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then I wanted to ask about the Payments business. I think last year, it kind of popped a little bit in the first quarter and then moderated throughout the year. And then it sounded like Woody you were making some comments that it's probably going to moderate on a year-over-year basis as well in the second quarter. So I just want to make sure I understand that. Is there some seasonality that's driving that in the Payments business?
James W. Woodall: That's right, we've got some seasonality in the Payments business and some more difficult comps. We saw significant growth in 2012 as we annualize kind of some of the Durbin benefit that we saw. So we saw really good growth last year. So we've got a more challenging grow over, if you will, flowing into 2013.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just last question for me. Any thoughts on what will replace some of the higher term fees as we head into 2014 and we model that out?
James W. Woodall: Well, I think you kind of look at some of these larger deals, right? We've signed Webster, we got the India ATM, we got the FirstBank of Puerto Rico, we got GE Capital, Guaranty Bank, Bremer Bank, all of these high, high sales execution activities that we are seeing and have seen are going to push us through 2014 and really ultimately recover where we were from the M&I loss.
Operator: And next, our question is from Peter Heckmann with Avondale.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Just to make sure I'm clear, so you had $14 million of term fees in the first quarter, and if my mapping is correct, you'd expect roughly $14 million in the second quarter and then about $12 million in the second half for $40 million for the full year. Is that still roughly accurate?
James W. Woodall: Well, the $14 million was related to the M&I de-conversion specifically. We had some additional term fees in the first quarter, and those were a little lumpier than we anticipated. We do anticipate that $14 million level in Q2, and then it tailing off, as we've described in previous calls, about 70% of the M&I term fees were going to be in the first half of the year.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then could you provide total term fees then for the first quarter of '13, as well as what they were in the year ago period?
James W. Woodall: We're not going to give you full year -- I mean, first quarter term fees year-over-year. Again, they were a little lumpy. We try not to budget them in a quarter. We try to look at them as where we anticipate the full year will be. So that's kind of where we're going to land. We think the full year is going to be heavier than in the past, really driven because of the M&I termination.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then a little bit about mFoundry. Now that, that transaction is closed, can you give us a little bit of an idea what type of revenue we should be adding in on an acquired basis and whether that transaction can be neutral? I would assume based on the size of the company they were losing a little bit money, but I'm wondering if you can get that acquisition to neutral for the year.
James W. Woodall: Yes. I think we previously guided to it being slightly dilutive in 2013, but we're not going to give specific guidance on the revenue base. We can tell you that the mobile numbers in the first quarter were significant growers, but in the big scheme of things, they're not needle-movers yet.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Peter, this is Gary. As I shared on another question, these innovation stuff, whether it's PayNet, whether it's People Pay, whether it's mobile, these are things that you invest today to really be material growers 2 or 3 years out. We think it's relevant that we have 19 million users on mobile now. We think it's relevant. We've got 3 million remote deposit capture customers. As Woody said, we're seeing great growth, great sales momentum. But these are things like 5 years ago when we were investing in next-generation core, and now you see the benefit of that investment through a lot of our profile announcements on all that growth, you're going to see similar results of that around mobility and around next-generation payments.
Frank R. Martire: We will say that our clients are very pleased with the private feature functionality of mFoundry.
Gary A. Norcross: This one's been a nice one for us. The integration is going very smoothly because we actually had a partnership prior to the acquisition that started in roughly 2008, and we've seen that grow quite a bit. So this one's been a very smooth integration for us, and our customers see that.
Operator: We have a question from George Mihalos with Credit Suisse.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just wanted to delve in on the international side a bit more. You mentioned some very solid growth trends and a good pipeline. But specifically, as you look at Europe, is -- has the growth there been steady, or has there been any sort of slowdown or just the pipeline starting to build? Any color you can provide there would be helpful.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, George. We actually had seen solid growth, actually strong growth in our consulting business. Where we've seen our growth slow would be around some of the product sales and some of the more product-oriented solutions. But as I shared with you, we see that as a precursor, the consulting business, and working through the transformation roadmaps are precursor of what we believe will translate into solid processing growth. With that being said, we're still seeing Europe grow. It's not -- it hasn't been -- it still has shown growth throughout the quarters, but we've seen more growth on the consulting side for sure.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the community bank side, has your win rate been improving relative to your other 2 competitors there?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, win rate is hard to measure. But we would tell you we definitely been taking share. We definitely have been seeing good solid growth in our total contract value. The sales team has been executing exceptionally well in those markets. We're seeing it not only on the renewal front but also in competitive takeaway in the community banking space.
Georgios Mihalos - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And just last question for me on a housekeeping note, just the breakdown of the $14 million termination fee between financial and payment, if you could provide that.
James W. Woodall: Oh, I don't have that one handy, I'll have to get back with you on that one.
Operator: And our last question in queue comes from the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Woody, just a quick follow-up on the payment solutions commentary related to 2Q, I'm a little confused just looking at the model. But it looked like the revenue comp wasn't all that difficult in 2Q, but the margin comp difficult, the margins expanded kind of like 300 bps year-over-year, and revenue was kind of modest year-over-year. So I just want to make sure we're thinking about that right.
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think it's on the margin side, right? We saw some of the cost takeout flowing through that was benefiting Q2 and that's where I'm talking more of the difficult comp.
Operator: There are no other questions at this time.
Mary K. Waggoner: Thanks, again, everyone, for joining us this morning. Please stay on the line for the replay instructions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this call will be available for replay starting at 10:30 a.m. this morning and running through May 14 at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code of 287967. International participants may dial 1 (320) 365-3844. And that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Frank R. Martire - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Operating Officer Michael D. Hayford - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by. Welcome to today's FIS Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to our host today, Senior Vice President investor Relations, Ms. Mary Waggoner. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Mary K. Waggoner: Thank you, Dave. We'd like to welcome everyone joining us this afternoon for the Third Quarter Earnings Report. With me today are Frank Martire, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Gary Norcross, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Hayford, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, I would like to ask you to please mark your calendars for our 2013 Investor Day, which is scheduled for Tuesday, February 12, in New York. Similar to our 2012 event, we will begin the day with the discussion of our fourth quarter and full year results followed by the business outlook and financial guidance for 2013. We look forward to seeing you there. Now, onto the third quarter earnings report. Please -- I'm sorry, today's news release and supplemental slide presentation have been posted to our website at www.fisglobal.com. A replay of today's presentation will be available shortly after the call. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on Slide 3 of the presentation. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. As a reminder, we will focus on results from continuing operations, reflecting the reclassification of our healthcare business as a discontinued operation. Also included in discontinued operations are expenses related our former BPO operations in Brazil. Please turn to Slide 4. Our commentary will include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachment for the press release and the supplemental slide presentation. Now, if you will turn to Slide 6, I will turn the call over the Frank Martire. Frank?
Frank R. Martire: Thanks, Mary. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I'll begin today's business review with a brief summary of our financial performance and business highlights for the third quarter. Gary will follow with the operations report, and Mike will provide additional insight into our financial performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year. Our third quarter results were very strong, including organic revenue which grew 5%. We are consistently delivering on our strategic commitments to maximize performance through organic revenue growth, margin expansion and returning cash to shareholders. As we move away from acquiring and integrating large companies, our results underscore that our change in strategy is working. As shown on Slide 7, organic growth has rebounded nicely since 2009, fueled by strong sales execution and the ongoing market recovery. As you can see on the right, we have maintained our momentum and consistently delivered organic growth of 5% or higher in 7 of the last 8 quarters. Turning to Slide 8, we are achieving the financial targets that we communicated earlier this year. They included organic revenue growth of 3% to 5%, EBITDA growth of 5% to 7%, margin expansion of 40 to 80 basis points and double-digit growth in earnings per share. Through the first 9 months of 2012, besides generating 5% organic revenue growth, we've registered a 7% rise in EBITDA, expanded the margin by 90 basis points and increased earnings per share by 15%. Today's results position us very well to achieve our goals for the year. Additionally, our strong cash flow and disciplined capital management enabled us to return $427 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends and shareholder repurchases through the first 9 months of the year. Now on Slide 9. Our strong third quarter performance reflected 12% organic growth in our international business and 7% organic growth in Financial Solutions. The EBITDA margin was 30.8%, and adjusted earnings per share increased to $0.63 from $0.60 in the prior year. In mid-August, we've completed the previously announced sale of our healthcare business, which is aligned with our primary focus to serve financial institutions and operate in markets where we have meaningful scale. Mike will provide additional details regarding this transaction later on the call. To continue with Slide 10, I will highlight a few additional accomplishments. Long-standing client relationships that grow over time serve as the foundation of our business. Earlier today, we announced the completion of a new and expanded 5-year agreement with BMO Harris. FIS and BMO Harris have maintained an excellent relationship for many years, and we are pleased to continue our strategic partnership. We will provide more detail on the new agreement later on the call. In addition, last week, Gary and I met with the most senior executives from Bank of Montreal. The discussion was positive, and we are very optimistic that we will have opportunities to further grow our relationship with Bank of Montreal. We continue to invest for growth with a strong focus on innovation, including supporting American Express on its new Bluebird initiative. We are also focused on increasing our footprint in high-potential markets, including India where we are significantly expanding our existing ATM operations. Market leadership serves as the guiding principle of our company, and we are very proud to again rank #1 on the FinTech 100. Our success is a result of a delivered strategy that enables our clients to achieve success by providing them with industry-leading solutions and thought leadership; leverage our size and global scale to deliver cost-effective solutions; continually process innovation by developing or acquiring new products and services in addition to integrating our existing solutions; and a strategy that is reinforced by hiring and retaining the most talented employees in the industry. Our top ranking serves as a testament to the ongoing confidence that our clients have in us, and it validates our winning strategy. Overall, I am very pleased with our continued strong performance. We are confident that we will deliver on the near and long-term financial objectives we communicated in February. As always, we remain steadfast in our commitment to serve our clients well and drive higher value for our shareholders. Now, I will turn the call over to Gary for the business report. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you, Frank, and thanks to everyone for being with us today. FIS is building the future of financial services, and our latest quarterly performance substantiates our continued role leading the industry. As Frank mentioned, we recorded another very strong quarter for our company. The current results continue to build on our solid operational performance across all financial metrics. My presentation will focus on 3 main highlights. First, I will cover our revenue accomplishments with emphasis on our strong year-to-date global sales performance and our third quarter rebound in sales to North American financial institutions specifically. Next, I'll provide an update on where we are expanding our value propositions and investing for growth, emphasizing new solution innovation and providing client examples of continued demand for our integrated solutions. Last, I will provide a greater understanding of our new 5-year agreement with BMO Harris, which will continue to be a top 5 revenue client for us. This agreement virtually eliminates the negative EBITDA impact in 2013. Please turn to Slide 12 to begin my review, where I'll start with a review of our sales performance. Our global sales performance continues its solid year-to-date growth. We saw strong year-over-year and sequential increases in total contract value, where we are up 30% year-to-date. These new wins will drive future revenue growth for our company. This sales expansion signifies that overall investment spending continues to improve as our clients focus on driving greater efficiency and adapting their business models to align with the evolving paradigm shift in banking. We are seeing an ongoing shift towards outsourced services and integrated solutions for more traditional single-product purchases. Overall, we feel good about the strength of the total global sales pipeline and expect new contract value in 2012 to exceed our 2011 results. I will continue with North America on Slide 13. As expected, we registered a strong rebound in new sales to North American financial institutions in the third quarter from the second period. And sales also increased year-over-year. We have a robust pipeline heading into the fourth quarter, and we feel good about our continued sales success for the remainder of the year. Continuing in my sales performance review, Slide 14 provides an update on our international business. During the quarter, we closed significant sales outside of North America, where larger opportunities are developing for payments, software and outsourced services. Organic revenue growth in our international business accelerated to 12% in the third quarter, driven by solid results in all major regions. In emerging markets, growth continues to outpace that of Europe and North America. For example, when you exclude currency, revenue grew 14% in Brazil, propelled by higher card volumes and more favorable pricing. While growth in Europe is less robust than in emerging markets, our European business continues to perform very well. Challenging market conditions are driving strong demand for Capco's consulting services as clients seek to improve overall performance. And on the professional services front, we continue to see strong demand, especially for core banking platform enhancements throughout the region. Turning to Asia, which is an important market for our international strategy, we continue to pursue many opportunities. We recently added our first ATM switching client in Thailand, where a majority of the top banks run on an FIS core solution. And we also added our first core processing plant in Vietnam. In August, we announced a significant expansion of our footprint in India. Over the next 2 years, we will increase the number of ATMs that we support in India to more than 9,000. For the next 7 years, we will also provide ongoing outsourced services, including supply, setup and ATM operations. This is a tremendous win for FIS, which, once at full scale, is expected to generate nearly $100 million in additional revenue per year at a margin that is accretive to our international business. All in all, I am very pleased with our third quarter sales performance of both North America and our international markets and encouraged by a robust pipeline heading into our final quarter of the year. Switching topic, I will continue on Slide 15 with an overview of a few select business expansion initiatives, which emphasize our new solution innovation and demand for our integrated solution offerings. Financial institutions continue to concentrate on replacing lost fee income and identifying new efficiencies. This is driving demand for a broader set of services that include outsourced technology, business process services and consulting expertise. We also are seeing strong interest in mobile access and delivery, new payment technologies and regulatory compliance. Consequently, we are expanding our investment in these areas to meet the growing demand. For example, we continue to focus on solution innovation in higher growth areas, expanding our offerings and capabilities in such areas as mobile and real-time payment solutions. As a result, we have experienced a significant increase in our mobile banking client base in 2012, with the launch of our tablet, mobile wallet and business mobile banking offerings. Nearly 450 financial institutions and 3 million consumers now use mobile solutions powered by FIS. This represents increases of 150% and 200% respectively in 2012, and we expect growth to remain strong as consumer adoptions and our sales momentum continues. Additionally, we recently launched PayNet, the industry's first real-time, noncard-based global payments network. It enables instant authorization of payment transactions in seconds or less, expediting payments for e-commerce, P-to-P, bill pay, mobile and emerging digital payments. PayNet supports our strategy to remain at the forefront of real-time and global movement of money and serves as a great example of our ability to leverage existing capabilities and global scale, including the NYCE network. This broad market presence, combined with new capability, enables us to continue to drive new innovative solutions for our clients. PayNet is currently in pilot with 145 financial institutions, and we will be working with additional clients to increase network participation and market share throughout 2013. Also exemplifying our solution innovation is our very exciting announcement that we've been selected by American Express to support certain components of its new Bluebird initiative, as Frank mentioned earlier. Our innovative mobile solution lets consumers use their smartphones to scan a check and load funds into their Bluebird account, limiting fraud by leveraging our analytics and payment guarantee technologies. For these and other industry-changing offers, FIS continues to be the partner of choice where depth of experience, proven solution capability and delivering innovation intersect, providing clients an unmatched breadth and depth of global capability. Further reflecting our strategy to supplement organic growth through small acquisitions, we recently acquired ProNet Solutions, expanding our outsourcing and advisory capabilities. This provider of managed IT solutions for banks complements our leveraged outsourcing capabilities. ProNet also offers a proprietary information management tracking system, which further expands our regulatory compliance and advisory product suite. This new capabilities allow us to leverage our existing client base and unified sales force to drive higher cross-sales. Early sales results have been positive since the acquisition. Continuing the overview of our business expansion and opportunities, I will highlight new examples for our integrated solution offerings. Over the years, FIS has made substantial investments to develop and integrate a full array of industry-leading solutions across every transaction and touchpoint within the financial commerce. These bundled solutions reduce the number of systems that our clients have to manage and enable them to deliver a more seamless experience to their customers at a lower cost. FIS core banking solutions were recently recognized by ITAGroup for leadership in feature functionality, vendor experience, as well as ease of integration. These attributes enable a strong selling proposition and help to drive client demand. In August, we announced that Bremer Financial, an $8 billion holding company, selected FIS as its core technology partner. As a part of their implementation, the bank will deploy additional FIS solutions, including item processing and imaging, treasury and cash management, ACH, branch automation and analytics. The tight integration of these components with our core platform together with our ability to support the bank's growth strategy were key factors in the selection of FIS as its new core banking provider. Also during the quarter, we announced that Barclays has deployed our core banking solution to support the launch of its direct bank in the U.S. And we are pleased to report that CapitalOne also has expanded their relationship with FIS as the go-forward partner for its new direct bank. These are just a few examples of where our solution integration and industry-leading technology help us drive growth. Next, if you would turn to Slide 16, I am very pleased to share with you today an update on BMO Harris and our new 5-year agreement, which virtually eliminates the negative EBITDA impact in 2013 that we discussed last quarter. We are also making good progress towards replacing some of the lost M&I revenue through a broader relationship with Bank of Montreal and other new sales wins. In early October, we completed the migration of the legacy M&I accounts to the BMO Harris in-house platform. And as we announced this morning, FIS will continue as the bank's partner. In addition to extension of the core application management agreement, we also expect to provide additional IT professional services on an annual basis. Further, we will continue providing a number of ancillary solutions to the bank, such as EFT, online bill pay, institution wealth management services, image and output solutions and mobile banking, all on an outsourced basis. We are very pleased with how our relationship with BMO Harris is progressing, and we consider the new agreement which solidifies BMO Harris as a top 5 revenue client to be a great outcome for FIS and the bank. Mike will provide a financial overview of the new agreement later on the call. In closing, let me leave you with the following key takeaways outlined on Slide 17. First, we are delivering on our plan to drive profitable revenue growth and margin expansion, as evidenced by our strong global performance through the first 9 months of the year. We are encouraged with the rebound in North American financial institution sales in the third quarter, as well as the continued strength of our global sales through the first 9 months of the year. We also are very pleased with the strength of our pipeline as we head into the end of the year. The extension of BMO Harris is an important milestone for 2012 and puts us in a strong position to deliver on the remainder of the year. And we remain optimistic about the opportunity to further expand our relationship in the future. We feel extremely good about our strong competitive position as we continue to invest for growth. We remain focused on generating new sales and driving value to our clients through solution and service innovation and integrated delivery of our deep and broad global offering. These healthy results demonstrate our ongoing success as we continue to build on our consecutive quarters of strong operational performance. Again, thank you for joining us this afternoon. I'll now turn it over to Mike for the financial report.
Michael D. Hayford: Thanks, Gary. I'll continue the presentation with Slide 19. Consolidated revenue increased 2.8% to $1,437,000,000 in the third quarter. After normalizing for the impacts of acquisitions and currency, organic growth was 5% driven by a 7% growth in Financial Solutions and 12% growth in international. Third quarter EBITDA increased 2.8% to $442 million. EBITDA margin was 30.8%, which is comparable to the third quarter of 2011. As we discussed at the February Investor Day, in 2012, we are reinvesting some of our underlying margin improvements back into infrastructure and security. These investments are timed more heavily in the back half of the year, including information security spending, which negatively impacted the margins by 120 basis points in the third quarter. The operating segments start on Slide 20 with FSG. Financial Solutions revenue increased 8.1% to $566 million and grew 7% organically driven by growth in account processing, consulting and services revenues. Financial Solutions EBITDA totaled $224 million, which is comparable to the 2011 quarter. The EBITDA margin was 39.7% compared to 42.8% in the prior year. The decline is primarily attributable to increased investments in information security and a change in revenue mix. On Slide 21, Payment Solutions revenue totaled $576 million in the third quarter, which is comparable to the third quarter of 2011. Consistent with prior years, payments revenue declined sequentially due to -- due primarily to peak tax processing revenues in the second quarter. Growth within our Payments business was negatively impacted by approximately 90 basis points relative to the third quarter of 2011 due to the deconversion of a large former e-Fund debit issuing client that we referenced on our second quarter call. Excluding the check businesses, Payments revenue increased approximately 2% driven by continued growth in electronic payments, including the NYCE PIN-debit network, which grew 11% compared to the third quarter of 2011. Payment Solutions EBITDA increased 6.1% to $235 million. EBITDA margin increased 230 basis points to 40.7%, reflecting ongoing expense management. As a reminder, we are facing a difficult comparison in our Payments business in the fourth quarter due primarily to higher revenue growth and margin expansion in the fourth quarter of last year. For the full year 2012, we expect revenue within our Payments business to be comparable to 2011 revenue with a strong margin expansion. Turning to international on Slide 22, international revenues declined 0.7% on a reported basis. Organic growth was 11.9% in the third quarter, excluding the $38 million of currency impact. The increase was driven by growth across all regions: our Brazilian card operations, Capco's European consulting practice and Asia. International EBITDA increased 6.6% to $71 million. The margin improved 170 basis points to 24.7% compared to 22.5% in the prior year due to greater scale and leverage as this business continues to grow. Let's turn to Slide 23, I will summarize the financial impact of the M&I core migration project and our ongoing relationship with BMO Harris. On our last call, we shared that we had anticipated a $60 million annual run rate EBITDA impact related to M&I migration, and that the termination fees will offset approximately half of that impact in 2013. With the signing of the new agreement, we now expect that the negative EBITDA impact in 2013 will be virtually eliminated by; first, a $40 million one-time termination and settlement fees; second, additional professional services that we expect to provide to BMO as part of this new agreement; and lastly, we are in the process of finalizing additional deals that will provide approximately $10 million in new recurring EBITDA for FIS. Similar to the process we file during every planning cycle to manage the impact of client losses through market consolidation, we are working aggressively to eliminate the impact of the M&I migration beyond 2013. The Bremmer Bank win that Gary referenced earlier and our ongoing discussions with Bank of Montreal are good first steps towards achieving that goal. Please turn to Slide 24 for a reconciliation of net earnings. GAAP net earnings from continuing operations totaled $148 million in the third quarter, adding back the $40 million in after-tax purchase amortization results in adjusted earnings from continuing operations of $188 million. Weighted average shares totaled $298 million in the third quarter of 2012 compared to $307 million in the third quarter of 2011. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 5% to $0.63 compared to $0.60 in the third quarter of 2011. Last year's number included $0.04 of benefit from tax due to some favorable tax outcomes in the third quarter of 2011. The impact of foreign currency on earnings per share was not material due to our natural hedging by region and the lower cost of our Indian captive. As we expected, the effective tax rate increased to 34% in the third quarter of 2012 compared to 29% in the second quarter of 2012 and 30% in the prior year quarter. The effective tax rates in the prior periods were reduced by favorable resolution of certain tax provisions taken by the company. We continue to anticipate a full year tax rate of 33% in 2012. On Slide 25, cash flow from operations totaled $255 million in the third quarter of 2012 with capital expenditures totaling $71 million, resulting in free cash flow of $193 million for the quarter. Next, I will provide an overview of our sale of our healthcare business on Slide 26. The sale is completed on August 15 in an all-cash transaction valued at approximately $335 million, with net proceeds of approximately $220 million after-tax. We recognize an after-tax GAAP loss of $56 million related to the sale, which is included in the discontinued operations. Consistent with our capital allocation strategy and the terms of our credit agreement, the after-tax proceeds will be used to reinvest in the business. Although these proceeds from the healthcare divestiture will provide us with greater flexibility regarding the use of our operating cash, including potential additional share repurchases. Slide 27. On February 14, we outlined our capital allocation strategy that focuses on 3 specific areas, namely investing in our business, strengthening the balance sheet, and returning cash to shareholders. We continue to execute on that plan. Gary provided several examples of where we're investing to expand our solutions suite to new product development and tuck-in acquisitions that leverage our existing capabilities and global distribution channels. On September 30, we completed the ProNet transaction for approximately $24 million in cash. In 2012, we have completed a total of 3 acquisitions at a combined cost of less than $70 million. The nature and size of these deals clearly reflect a strategic shift in our M&A focus. We continue to strengthen the balance sheet and are working towards our goal to attain an investment grade rating. Total debt outstanding declined by $332 million in the quarter to $4.5 billion. The weighted average interest rate was 4.7% as of September 30, and debt-to-EBITDA improved to 2.6x at quarter end. In February, we also aligned our plan to return excess cash to shareholders to a fourfold increase in the dividend and a $1 billion stock buyback program, which targets $250 million in baseline annual share repurchases over the next 4 years. In the third quarter, we purchased 3.1 million shares at a total cost of $100 million, which includes approximately $50 million with the cash proceeds of option exercises. Dividends totaled $59 million in the quarter. Through the first 9 months of the year, we have repurchased $251 million of our stock or 8 million -- 8.3 million shares, and paid $176 million in dividends for a total cash of $427 million returned to our shareholders. Approximately $850 million in share repurchase authority remains under the existing plan. Before I open the lines for question, I will provide a few key takeaways from today's overview as summarized on Slide 28. We continue to execute the strategic shift that we communicated to shareholders in February. We are delivering on a financial commitment and capital allocation plan, more specifically, 5% organic growth, 90 basis points of margin expansion and a 15% increase in earnings per share through the first 9 months of the year. And we have returned $427 million to shareholders through dividend and share repurchases. We are encouraged by the year-to-date increase in global sales activity, including the third quarter rebound in sales to North American financial institutions. We anticipate that new contract value across all of our business lines in 2012 will exceed our new contract value from 2011. We have solidified our relationship with BMO Harris as a top 5 client. In addition, we have virtually eliminated the 2013 EBITDA impact of the M&I migration and are working aggressively to eliminate the impact beyond 2013. Our focus on information security is ongoing, and we will continue to invest to further improve security and risk management across the company. In closing, we feel good about our execution for the -- through the first 3 quarters of 2012. For the full year, we expect revenue to come in at the high end of our range of 3% to 5% organic growth, margins to be in our expected range of a 40- to 80-basis-point expansion over 2011, and earnings per share from continuing operations in the middle of our range of $2.45 to $2.55 per share. That concludes our prepared statements for today. Operator, you can now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first, we will go to the line of Dave Koning with Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And I guess first of all, just on M&I, just to make sure we're clear on it. Last quarter, you basically said there was the $60 million hole. Now you're basically saying, given some of the wins you've got, there's a $40 million hole but it'll be offset next year by a term fee. And then going into to 2014, hopefully you'll sign more stuff to offset the $40 million. Is that a good way to characterize it?
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, David, I think that's a very good way to look at it. And again, last quarter, we were in a situation where we had M&I getting ready to migrate over in October and felt we should share with the Street where we were at with that. But we did not have that agreement signed. So as you can see, the outcome of the agreement came up better than we anticipated. The $40 million is a 2013 one-time, the rest of it we anticipate going forward. But as we stated, we lose clients through consolidation of marketplace every year. And every year, we have to refill those buckets. So we feel pretty good about the time we have left to get ready for beyond 2013.
Frank R. Martire: David, we are -- this is Frank. We are very pleased with the results, but as important now with our strong relationship with Bank of Montreal. We're pretty excited about the future.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, that's great news, definitely. And then the second thing, I didn't realize how big the India win was. How long do you think it'll take to get to the $100 million revenue run rate?
Gary A. Norcross: This is Gary. We're very excited about that. That was a very competitive win. There was a formal auction process. We won 2 large circles at a really premium rate. Those will be coming over. The overall deal is 7 years in nature. Keep in mind, we have an existing business there that's already growing very nicely, so this layers on. But we'll be coming up to speed over the next several years installing those ATMs, and then the adoption will come around but -- and we'll see growth over the next 3 to 4 years to those numbers.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's great news too. And then finally, last quarter, there were some uncertainty about some of Visa's pricing strategies and a little bit of fear around NYCE. But that was great to hear 11% year-over-year growth in NYCE. Maybe you can just give just a quick summary of kind of the competitive dynamics in that business right now.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, as you can see, NYCE continues to perform very strong for us. I'd say we still are monitoring what's going on with Visa and some of the actions that they've taken. But the network we have is very competitive. It's very integrated to our product set, and we continue to get a lot of questions on how NYCE is performing, and NYCE is performing very well.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, that's exactly right, Dave. I mean, we're seeing strong transaction growth. But as Mike points out, keep in mind, our sales are up significantly for the year, and so -- across the entire company. And when you think about NYCE, we're seeing good cross-sales into our existing customers. And so we're seeing nice growth for it. As we've shared with you in past quarters, VPN has been an issue, but we have some strategies, as well, that helps address that. So we're confident in that group continuing to perform.
Operator: Next we'll hear from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar, I believe, with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So one question I have is you're tracking to the upper end of the range. Sometimes, you went a little bit higher on most of your metrics, even when I consider the information security spending. So would you say you're kind of, for 4Q, leaning more towards maybe the upper end of the range? And why wouldn't you raise guidance, why -- at least to say that you're at the upper end of the range?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, again, Ashwin, we -- our revenue is tracking very strong, as you can see, through 3 quarters we're at the high end of our 3% to 5% range. I think if you keep in mind in the last quarter, we adjusted our EPS for the divestiture healthcare, so that $0.07 came out. And then we turned around and bumped it up for primarily for some tax. So we've already bumped it up $0.05, if you look at it that way. I think we feel good about where we're going to be on earnings in the middle of the range. You can see it's putting some money back into the business, but we're pretty excited about the revenue of strength that we've seen now for 8 quarters. And again, we got a good headstart on where we're going to end up for the full year.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And that information security spending, that kind of spikes up in 3Q and 4Q here. Does that begin to taper off early part of next year? Or how much of that is ongoing, I guess, has been my question?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, that comes in 2 components. One is there's some project work related to some of the activities that we're undertaking. And then we do believe that, on an ongoing basis, our level of spending in information security and, to some degree as well, the risk management area will be higher going forward than it has been in the past. I think when we finalize our budget and sit down and talk about '13, we'll give you a sense of where that spend will be for '13. But we've got -- as you can see, a lot of activities going on in that area. And we anticipated that spend in the second half of the year being a little higher than the first half.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Last question, just a clarification, the North America FI sales rebound. Is that broad-based, and does that kind of include already the BMO deal? Or is that more 4Q, I mean, when will that completely finalize, I guess?
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, Ashwin. Well, keep in mind, the number that we gave you would being new sales of new revenue, not renewals. But so it would include the new sales within BMO. So the reality is we saw just strong rebound in the quarter. I mean, we told you in the second quarter we thought we would have some bleed over from the second quarter. We saw those deals get signed, and we saw a very, very nice rebound over second quarter and then year-over-year.
Frank R. Martire: It's actually -- and I think BMO signed in early October, so it wouldn't include -- now when I think about it, it would not include that number. So it was a very strong quarter for sales, not only in North America but across the spectrum.
Michael D. Hayford: And that's showing a strong pipeline going forward also.
Operator: And next, we will hear from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens, Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: As you guys -- one of the things that sort of stuck out to me was your investment in the security stuff, and I understand why you're doing it. Some of it, I think like you said, is projects, and some of it as, I think, you're positioned to be sort of a market leader. When we look out next year and you think about your long-term guidance for margin expansion, is that long-term guidance still accurate relative to the incremental investments you-all think you need to make in that security stuff next year? Or what kind of color can you give us as we think forward for the long-term model?
Frank R. Martire: Yes, I mean, again, I -- our long-term expectation in that range, we've laid out 36 basis points of margin expansion. We would anticipate we will continue to execute against that. You can see this year, we're still 40 to 80. You can see the level of spending we're putting back into that particular area. But our long-term numbers are still intact.
Gary A. Norcross: And, Brett, as you mentioned, we are very focused on the investment class in this area. And we think it's going to be the new normal, and it's going to be required in order to compete in the market. And we've always taken a long-term view of the market. And we've always invested heavily to be able to be as competitive as possible. So we think it will be a differentiator for us in the future.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Great. And then one follow-up question. In Europe, obviously, it sounds like Capco continues to carry a lot of water there, which is great. I know one of the things that we've been hoping to see at some point in the medium term is Capco helping generate a big core win or similar win in Europe or in other region where they have operations. Can you give us any just qualitative thoughts about how conversations for those larger deals are going and what we might expect here in the medium term?
Frank R. Martire: Yes, Brett, I mean, we've talked about this on a number of calls. I'll tell you, Capco is really paying off for us across all front. As you said, they're performing exceptionally well both in Europe and North America. So the growth is there, the margin expansion's there. All I can say is the level of conversations we're having this year at this point in time are far greater than where we were a year ago. The types of conversations we're having in very large financial institutions, not only around core banking but services and payments and how to bring our capabilities, are exciting. So we think Capco has already turned out to be a success for us, and we think in the near term, you're going to see us sign some business that are very complementarity as a result of this combination.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, I mean, as Gary said, Capco is performing very strong stand-alone, just by itself. And now we just see the significant opportunities we have as being part of the total FIS family.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: The first question, probably for Gary, sort of looking at the Slide 12, the 30% increase in new contract value sold, and I think you said year-to-date. And then you suggested BMO, the incremental part of it, would sort of roll on to the fourth quarter. It sounds like the pipeline's robust. But then you suggested the new contract value in '12 could basically be -- it sounded like almost flattish to 2011.
Gary A. Norcross: No, no, I'm sorry, if I did, I misspoke. Absolutely, we're very comfortable that 2012 total contract value in new sales will exceed 2011. We're up through the first 9 months globally. We brought an issue in the second quarter because we saw a dip in North American financial institutions. We saw that recover in Q3, which was what we expected. As you can see, we've already signed BMO in the quarter in October, so we're very comfortable that our total contract sales will exceed our 2011 results.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a little bit of more color in the North America. Was it just sort of timing of deals that slipped from 2Q to 3Q? And related to that, I just want to get a sense for like the environment, has -- are banks making more decisions or what sort of happened 3Q relative to 2Q?
Frank R. Martire: Well, I can tell you, we've said this on a number of calls. We're definitely seeing deal elongation. I mean, it takes longer to get these deals closed. So yes, we did see slippage in Q2, and the results of that were quickly in Q3, we were able to pick up a number of those. So the decisions are being made as evidenced by our sales success, not only within North America but abroad. But it is taking longer to get these deals done. They're more complex, they're bigger. But as we shared in the opening comments, we are seeing our clients look to leverage innovative solutions to help drive their costs down and become more efficient and compete. So the decisions are out there, but definitely, we see some slippage from time to time. And that's what happened in Q2.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And then for Mike, just sort of given that you successfully filled the hole on BMO, any reason to think that you'll be outside of your long-term EPS targets in 2013?
Michael D. Hayford: No. I -- we'll still be -- I would expect that when we sit down in '13, we'll give you specific numbers. But the long term being the full year range that we gave you back in February, is kind of our look at what the current environment will give us in terms of top line growth, margin expansion and EPS growth. And as I said before, we're still very comfortable that we'll continue to be in those ranges. When you give a kind of long-term outlook like that, nothing ever happens exactly how you'd expect it. But given the size and the diversity of our company, we're able to adjust and make up any challenges that we have. So sitting here today, as we said, we're still very comfortable with where we're going to be.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I want to ask about the Payment Solutions business. I know it's been sluggish for a couple of quarters. When do you guys see on the horizon that, that business might turn? Is that some point in 2013?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Bryan, yes, as we adjust every quarter, we adjust out our paper-based businesses, so we are seeing some growth in the business. We're seeing great margin expansion, which shows the flexibility of our model. We have a huge Payment business, so the reality is a number of our areas like bill payment and then some of those areas are seeing very good growth, some of the things that we're doing around mobile payments. But we feel like our Payments business going forward is going to be, at least sort of next year or so, mid- to low-single-digit top line. But we think we'll get very strong organic growth. So we're pleased with how the business is performing. And you see some of the examples of like the growth that Mike highlighted around NYCE this quarter.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And I assume that PayNet might start contributing to revenue in that business segment, probably '13 and '14? I guess that's the first question. And second question, how does that compare to something like a Popmoney? How do you guys think it compares? And one last piece of that, do you guys see yourselves competing directly with the networks like Visa and MasterCard with PayNet?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, let's take your first question. PayNet, as we shared with you, we've already got over 100 clients running in pilot today. We'll roll additional functionality through that solution. We'll continue to have -- to bring on customers and expand the network through 2013. And, yes, you'll -- we'll start seeing some revenue contribution in 2013, and that's going to grow in 2014 and beyond. We think it's got potential to be -- to produce some fairly sizable revenue. As far as the comparisons to other solutions, we think we have a very competitive offering. We're very confident, the things that we're going to be able to do with PayNet, and so we think we'll be very competitive in the industry. As far as competing with Visa and some of the schemes, we're, once again, not sure. The reality is we'll just continue to compete on the strength of our product and through our sales engine, and cross-sell and drive value to our clients. And that's, frankly, how we think about all of our solutions that we roll out.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Do you think about selling PayNet directly to the merchants, or was it just -- will be mostly to the FIs?
Frank R. Martire: It's going to be an FI-centric solution, but they'll have some merchant components to it as well. So we're pleased with what we've developed.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last question for me. Just on the -- when we talk about the BMO Harris, the $40 million of term fees -- term and settlement fees, does that show up in any one given quarter or is that spread throughout, equally, through the 4 quarters of 2013?
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, I mean, you should anticipate that being spread fairly evenly throughout the year.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And did you guys also say that $10 million to $20 million of that -- you said something about -- not all of that $40 million is onetime. I just want to make sure I heard that correctly.
Michael D. Hayford: Right. So that $40 million of the term and settlement fees, I don't think it'll be evenly spread throughout 4 quarters, but you'll see it hit all 4 quarters across 2013.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I guess my question is, is that a -- is there -- is that $40 million all kind of -- do we have any of that carry forward into 2014?
Michael D. Hayford: No. That is a 2013 event.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from the line of Julio Quinteros of Goldman Sachs.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's Roman Leal in for Julio. First, on the sales growth, maybe you can -- can you help us out and just kind of walk us through what -- where is most of the growth coming from? I know you say it's pretty broad-based, but perhaps what segments are beating your expectations versus just meeting them?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, well, as we shared within North American financial institutions, we saw a rebound from second quarter to the third, and we saw a year-over-year growth and also sequential quarter growth. And that really was on the strength of a lot of our core banking and payments technologies in the U.S. And the international markets, depending on what region of the world you're talking about, we're seeing good sales and expansion through core, through payments, like the India is a huge win for us, and so that's driving a lot of revenue growth. We're also seeing some nice expansion around our services businesses, IP services in North America. So really, there's -- those are the primary areas that are ahead for the year.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just based on your commentary that -- and your confidence that total contract value for the year will be ahead of last year. Is it just fair to say that heading into 4Q '12 and 2013, you're more comfortable at this point than you were a year ago heading to 2012?
Gary A. Norcross: I don't -- obviously, we'll give you 2013 guidance later. But we're very confident with our pipeline. We had a strong sales year last year. We're exceeding that growth this year as far as new sales go. Obviously, we need that level of sales to continue to push the company and drive on the top end, high recurring revenue and organic growth. So we're confident that we'll be able to push into next year like we did last year.
Michael D. Hayford: We're confident because we've had nice growth in '12 over '11, so it makes you feel more optimistic going forward.
Operator: Next is from the line of Tim Willi with Wells Fargo.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just had a question, I guess it probably applies sort of the topic of PayNet, which is payments overall. Could you talk about how you think about PayNet or any of your other payment-related assets in the business-to-business world, not just necessarily the consumer-to-consumer, consumer-to-business?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, when we're looking to build out capabilities, Tim, I mean, obviously, we're wanting to hit the multiple markets that exist. So we certainly want to think about our payments and our innovation to drive not only personal but also business electronic adoption. And as one of the nice things about our company is we've built such a breadth of portfolio of solution that we're able to package more creatively and address those markets. So we think about them differently because they do take different solutions. I mean, PayNet, is certainly an opportunity for us to move, as I shared with you some of the ideas around P2P and some of the things we're doing to transfer over that network. But we're also doing a lot of payment activities around B2B as well. But so we think about our capabilities depending on the market we're going on and make the investments where we think we can get the most growth, that's also not only going to drive the most revenue but also the most profit expansion for us.
Timothy W. Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Do you think as you -- I know nothing here, necessarily, is material in the near term given the breadth of the company, but as you think about the B2B market, which I think is so much more paper-intensive than consumer, do you feel like you have the assets or the bandwidth internally to continue to evolve and develop that marketplace when you believe the time is right? Or would that actually be an avenue where a targeted acquisition might make more sense for you?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, tuck-in acquisitions will always play in our strategy. As Mike mentioned, we've done 3 acquisitions this year. We think it's an important component. But do we have the ability to expand the markets? We always evaluate markets to see, is there really a potential to monetize our sales force. I mean, we have one of the largest sales forces in the industry. We also have one of the largest investments from a capital standpoint back into our products each and every year. So those 2 come together in concert, and we make sure we're making the investments where we think can drive the most growth for the company. So can we go tackle B2B? We would agree with you, it's a very paper-intensive market. Certainly, as we see that market evolve, what we will certainly -- if there's a business -- if there's an opportunity for us to take advantage of it, we will, as we've shown over the last several quarters of performance.
Michael D. Hayford: Tim, you might see us do more buildout in our partnership in this space. And one of the reasons why it's probably underinvested as a whole is it's harder to make money in the B2B space, that's why we don't see as many competitors. So I think we have some very good underlying technology to get back to real-time transactions. And whether we would look at acquiring or building or maybe even more, like I said, partnering with people. But that -- this is an area that we think is going to have some investment dollars over the next few years.
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from the line of Stephanie Davis with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's actually Tien-Tsin. I wanted to just make sure I heard this correctly. I mean, if B2B is up, your bookings and sales are up, is it fair to say that the reg letter issues from before are sort of behind you, and sort of yesterday's news at this point?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I -- we certainly had a confidential regulatory letter go out where we certainly feel like we've addressed or are addressing that process with our clients. We're communicating very openly with them. We continue to work with our clients, and I would say the results speak for themselves from a sales standpoint. We were concerned in Q2 that it might be having some impact. We saw that rebound nicely in Q3. So at this point in time, we're continuing to move forward and just work with our clients and sell the best solution we can.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, good. So the -- and then separately, the debit issuer deconversion that was mentioned on the release, sorry if I missed it in your prepared remarks. What was that and what was the size?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, we had called out last call, in the second quarter call, that we had a large client, that happens to be a large legacy funds client that had been with us for a long period of time. And they, quite frankly, had been in the process of deconverting literally for years. And they left our platform in the second quarter, so we knew that would be a hit for us in the third and fourth quarter, so we didn't give a specific number. But you can see that in the results that growth went down a little bit at linked quarters.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, understood. Last one, just the India timing. I know Dave Koning asked this before, but how should that progress? I mean, is that a design managed services outsourcing contract, or are there some deliverables and assumed transactions to get there? I'm just curious what...
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, no, that's a great question. This is part of all the financial inclusion that's going on within India. The good news is, Tien-Tsin, we've got a very strong business that exists in India today that has shown very nice growth over the last several years. So we're not stepping into this with, we would consider, incorrect expectations. There are some assumptions on transaction and volume growth, but we think, from multiple years of experience we had, that we certainly can hit our financial numbers that we talked about in the call. As I shared, the contracts are done. We'll be rolling those out over the next couple of years on top of our existing business. So we're very comfortable that the growth factor we disclosed will be there.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from the line of David Togut with Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: On the Payments business, Mike, you highlighted a tough compare coming up in Q4 in the margin front. But you did have 230 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion there despite flat revenue. How should we think about the margin trends in payments as we look to 2013? Are there additional major cost takeout actions that we should expect?
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, I don't know if I get to mention the '13 at this time. I mean, you can see the last 2 years, the team has done a really good job with margins in PSG, in an environment that has a relatively low growth. So they look at how we end up '12. You can see, as we look at the second half, it's a little more challenging in the first half on the revenue, but the earnings are still pretty solid in there. And as we look at '13, we'll have to go through that business and see what kind of growth we can get. And then as you've seen Gary and the team do in past years, if we don't have the top line growth, I'm sure we'll find ways to get the bottom line expansion.
Gary A. Norcross: And, David, that's something we do every year. Gary does that consistently year after year. We look at our growth potential, and we're realistic about it. And then if we have to optimize or do something on the expense side, we take action and we do it.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Definitely good to see the progress there. Gary, your thoughts on the new business pipeline in Brazil, should we expect some significant new addition to the Banco Bradesco card processing JV?
Gary A. Norcross: We've got a fantastic relationship down there, David, and it continues to perform very nicely. We saw some nice growth there this quarter, and then we highlighted it in the call. I would tell you, the relationship can't be stronger as Bradesco continues to grow, the joint venture will definitely be the recipient of that. The question is whether ELO's going to take off. There's a number of interesting things going on in Brazil, and it's hard to predict what the adoption rate or some of those are going to be. But we're very comfortable with the position we have in Brazil. We're the largest third-party processor in the country, and we're very pleased with that business.
Frank R. Martire: We're just well positioned.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry, just a quick final question, if I could sneak one in. On September 30 share count, Mike, basic and fully diluted?
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, I think you'll get all the detail in the Q when it comes out later this week. But it's $298 million, is where we ended up the count, fully diluted.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from the line of Greg Smith with Sterne Agee.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just a quick one. The minority interest increasing, that's just increased profitability in the Brazilian JV, is that correct?
Gary A. Norcross: That's correct.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, so that's probably sustainable, there was nothing one-time in the quarter, per se, right?
Gary A. Norcross: No, no. That's just the continued growth of that business.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, that business is just a pure processing business based on volume.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just your outsourced prepaid card processing, it sounds like you're working with AmEx, but I don't think you're doing the actual processing on that. I was just -- my question is, what's demand like both in the U.S. for other banks kind of entering the prepaid card space? And then, also, do you have international processing capabilities for prepaid cards?
Frank R. Martire: We do -- a lot there, I mean, first, no, we're not actually doing the card processing for Bluebird for AmEx. We are doing, as we shared, a lot of the mobile capabilities, doing a lot of the back-office, BPO-type of services work around that. When you think about prepaid both within North America and abroad, we do have extensive capabilities for prepaid outside of the U.S., and we're seeing very strong growth of that business in Europe. We're also partnered with American Express on a number of their gift card programs. So we're seeing good solid growth within North America as far as demand goes, but also in the international markets as well.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one last one, the legacy check business, the check risk management, the old Certegy business, any potential for a transaction there? I know you've explored it a number of times, or should we just expect it to kind of continue to bleed lower?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, it is a business that's got a secular decline in the payments, which we see both in that check verification business, as well as our item processing. But there's -- it's a business that, as you know, we've looked in the past. We continue to get pretty good margins out of it. And even though the revenues have continued to decline, the teams have been able to just improving the algorithms, improving the process to maintain the profits. So it's one of those situations where I don't think somebody is going to come in and look at writing us a big enough check based on the money we're going to take out of that the next few years.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes, yes, you're certainly doing a good job on the margin side there.
Frank R. Martire: We're focused on running the business, optimizing the business and making sales where we could.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from the line of John Kraft with D.A. Davidson.
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Just a couple of follow-ups here. Mike, I thought, in response to just the last couple of questions, you said something about the -- that large conversion actually happening in Q4 as well. Is that not completed in Q3?
Michael D. Hayford: No, no. That was a, I think, the related payment was a deconversion that occurred towards the end of the second quarter and impacted the third quarter and will also impact fourth quarter in payments.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So it's -- but it's completely done?
Michael D. Hayford: Yes.
Gary A. Norcross: Correct.
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And then, also, you called out the strength in NYCE a couple different times. But in the press release, you mentioned strength in bill pay. Would you say things were accelerating there? Are you gaining some share? Can you talk a little bit about the market there?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, we're having some very nice wins in bill payment. And we're seeing good growth, not only top, bottom line, but also in transaction volumes. So that's driving, not only from adoption with the existing clients, but also good cross-sales. We shared with you guys over the last couple of years, we made a lot of investments in bill payment over the years. We've got a very competitive offering there, and we're real pleased with what the team is accomplishing this year.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Peter Heckmann with Avondale Partners.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but I just wanted to clarify on some of the revenue impact that we're talking about from BMO Harris and M&I. My assumption is that with the termination fee and some of the additional professional services, we might have the revenue headwind for 2013 down to perhaps less than 50 basis points, but then it would move up to another 100 basis points in 2014. Is that about the right way to look at it?
Michael D. Hayford: It might be a little bit higher than 50 basis points on the revenue side, but probably in that neighborhood, between 50 and 100 would be the revenue impact, depending on how much professional services would be pulled through.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay, that's helpful. And then are there any capital requirements on the expansion of those ATMs in India, or is that on a third party?
Gary A. Norcross: No, we'll see some capital requirements. That's pretty typical of that business. But as we've shared in the comments, I mean, we think it's very accretive to our overall international business and the way it's operating today.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Sure, sure, okay. And then, I'm sorry, back to BMO Harris. Final question there is that, you were clear on the last call that you're consolidating the core, and in today's press release, you referenced bill pay and debit and some other tangential services. Are you consolidating all of those services in the U.S. with FIS?
Gary A. Norcross: We did. We've already completed that. We've completed not only the core conversion, which is an application management engagement, but we also completed all those ancillary services that we talked about in the script. We've converted those, as well, on a combined basis so...
Operator: The final question in queue currently comes from the line of Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: Gary, when you're talking about new sales, you'd said the sales cycle is lengthening. I'm wondering, are you seeing anything in the new sales you're doing, whether it's India, whether it's the professional services, where it would lead you to believe that the revenue cycle would be different, as well, versus what it's been in the past?
Gary A. Norcross: No, not at all. I mean, the reality is, we've talked about this on multiple calls, the swing towards not only outsourcing but the packaging of services augment a particular product through an outsourced engagement is really occurring in quite a dramatic way. So that revenue comes online, however, in some instances, even faster if it's some type of services engagement. But that the onboarding of that revenue is typically about -- they're about the same length. The reality is our clients, we saw some pent-up demand because of the economy. We're now seeing that free up. They're making some decisions. But I would say the -- obviously, the economy is pushing some of the elongation out, but frankly, just the complexity of the overall solution. When you look at some of those things we referenced, like Bremmer, there's not too many banks that size in North America that are going to make a decision to convert off their income in core and then bring all of those additional services in a big bang approach. BMO Harris is a great example, as well. We converted all of that single system. It took us a long time to negotiate that agreement right up to the time we actually did the conversion. So at the end of the day, I think the revenue comes on in very much the same way.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: And then, Gary, just the last question. You're seeing some really good organic growth, especially on the financial institutions side. What do you think the market is growing at? And I guess the reason I asked is your ability to continue this momentum, you've done it for a long period of time now. And it seems as though with the sales momentum you have, you should be able to continue putting out these kind of numbers.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we're pretty pleased with the team. I think all of us are. We think the opportunity to continue to grow is there, frankly. When you look at the assets that we assembled over the last 10 years, how we've bought together those assets, the innovation that we've wrapped around them and invested in, we think it puts us in a very different place. When you augment that with what we're doing abroad in our international markets, it's a very complementary mix that has allowed, as Frank and Mike highlighted, very nice organic growth, 7 out of the last 8 quarters, so over 5%. So at the end of the day, we're comfortable that we can continue to grow the business. We're comfortable that we got the team that can execute, the sales team and the operational team. We obviously got to keep innovating and keep making sure we're making the investments, do tuck-in acquisitions that make sense and allow it to come through our sales force.
Michael D. Hayford: And then, finally, how we integrated all our products. That was key to our success of what we're integrating in all our product lines.
Mary K. Waggoner: And that concludes -- thank you. That concludes today's call, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Please remain on the line for the replay instructions.
Operator: Thank you very much. And ladies and gentlemen, a replay will be made available today from 7 p.m. and running through the 19th of this month at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and then entering the access code 266164. International participants, dial (320) 365-3844. That concludes your conference today. We appreciate your participation as well as your using AT&T Executive Teleconference, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Frank R. Martire - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Operating Officer Michael D. Hayford - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Mary Waggoner, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary K. Waggoner: Thank you, Paul. Welcome to everyone joining us today for our second quarter earnings report. Joining me today are Frank Martire, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Gary Norcross, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Hayford, Chief Financial Officer. Today's news release and supplemental slide presentation have been posted to our website at fisglobal.com. A replay of today's presentation will be available shortly after the call. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on Slide 3 of the presentation. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. As a reminder, today's discussion will focus on results from continuing operations, reflecting the reclassification of our Healthcare business as a discontinued operation. Also included in discontinued operations are expenses related to our former BPO operation in Brazil. Today's remarks will also include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented, as outlined on Slide 4. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachment to the press release and the supplemental slide presentation. Now if you will turn your attention to Slide 6, I will turn the call over to Frank Martire. Frank?
Frank R. Martire: Thanks, Mary. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I'll begin today's business review with a brief summary of our financial performance and business highlights for the second quarter. Gary will follow with the operations report and Mike will provide additional insight into our financial results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. We are very pleased with our strong second quarter financial results. Organic revenue growth was 5.1%, driven by continued solid performance across all businesses. EBITDA increased 7.7% and the EBITDA margin expanded 120 basis points to 30%. Earnings per share totaled $0.66, which represents a 22% increase compared to the second quarter of 2011. As you can see from the chart on the right, we have seen steady improvement in organic growth, driven by execution of our business plan and improved confidence within the banking industry compared to 2009. I will now continue with Slide 7. In June, we announced a definitive agreement to divest our Healthcare business. The sale is consistent with our primary focus on serving financial institutions and operating in markets where we have meaningful scale. We expect to complete the sale by the end of the third quarter. We'll provide additional details regarding the transaction later on the call. We continue to maintain a strong focus on serving our clients and expanding relationships. I recently visited with several key clients and business leaders across the United States, as well as Europe and Brazil. The feedback from these meetings provided me with even greater confidence that our time, efforts and resources are focused in the areas that are most important to our clients and that the overall business strategy is working. Finding new sources of growth, improving overall profitability and differentiating through institutions from the competition rank high on our clients' list of priorities, as do managing risk and regulatory compliance. Our proven ability to deliver industry-leading solutions and provide value to our clients through leverage and scale are among the many advantages that FIS brings to our clients. During the second quarter, I met with several clients to provide them with an update on our business and the improvements we are making in the area of information security and risk management. These conversations have been very productive. Gary will provide more detail later on the call. I am very pleased with our strong performance through the first half of 2012, and we are positioned to achieve our full-year objectives. As always, our management team and employees are focused on serving our clients, executing the strategy that we communicated at our Investor Day in February and driving value for our shareholders. Now I will turn it over to Gary for the business report. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, Frank, and thanks to everyone for being with us today. My presentation begins on Slide 9. I'll cover some of the business highlights for the quarter and provide updates on information security and the status of the M&I migration plan. I'll start with North America. Ongoing client engagement is the top priority for our account managers and sales team. As we have discussed in the past, this direct engagement is one of the many ways we identify and close cross-sell opportunities across our client base. In May, we hosted our large financial institution client conference in Milwaukee. Similar to our community bank conference in April, the atmosphere was focused on the future and how FIS can help our clients be more successful in this challenging economic, regulatory and competitive environment. We are seeing continued strength around demand for professional services, outsourced technology and consulting expertise. The demand is being driven by several market trends that are forcing financial institutions to reevaluate their business models, including emerging mobile technologies, increased regulatory compliance costs and higher capital requirements. These trends are also driving growth within Capco, which delivered solid revenue growth and margin expansion in both North America and Europe in the second quarter. The team has worked through the large client loss in North America, diversified the client base, and the business is performing in line with our expectations. We continued to add new clients in the quarter, including several new core processing relationships. As we have discussed in the past, these relationships drive strong reoccurring revenue and provide cross-sell opportunities for additional Financial and Payment Solutions. For example, Cadence Bank, a long-time FIS core processing client, recently expanded its relationship through the deployment of several new solutions, including our debit, ATM driving and fraud management solutions. I am also very pleased to announce a new 7-year agreement with a leading provider of indirect automotive loans and leases in North America. This new relationship, which further confirms FIS as the leader in global auto finance technology, includes outsourced consumer loan and lease processing, as well as our default management and sales and service solutions. As Frank mentioned, risk and compliance are key areas or the focus for our clients, particularly given the current regulatory environment. Our recent acquisitions of ICS Risk Advisors and Memento are resonating very well with financial institutions as they work to manage their higher workloads associated with risk and regulatory compliance. ICS has increased its sales over the prior year, including cross sales to existing FIS clients. We have also received strong interest from clients regarding Memento to -- which we expect to translate into new business. We are also seeing solid demand for our wealth management solutions. We added several new clients in the first half of 2012, including the new agreement with First Farmers and Merchants Bank, which we announced last week. As we discussed last quarter, we have seen growth within our NYCE debit business as a result of the Durbin Amendment. Looking ahead, we are somewhat more cautious in light of Visa's aggressive pricing. To put it in perspective, while NYCE is a great business, it generates less than 3% of our total revenue. We have seen improved growth and strong margin expansion within our Payments business over the past 3 quarters. We expect the second half of 2012 to be somewhat more challenging due to a planned client deconversion, more difficult comparisons and some uncertainty related to the Visa pricing changes that I mentioned earlier. Overall, sales in the first half of the year were comparable to the first half of 2011, driven by new sales to nonfinancial institutions. I am pleased to announce that we will soon begin providing mainframe computing services to one of the country's largest mobile phone carriers. Opportunities like this leverage our processing environment and provide profitable, long-term, reoccurring revenue streams. Sales to North American financial institutions declined in the second quarter relative to the prior year. Although we believe the letter that regulated financial institutions received in the first quarter may have caused a delay in closing some deals that we expected to sign in the second quarter, we think it's a timing issue. And we do not believe we have lost any significant new business as a result of the letter. One of the benefits of having a broad solution set and diverse client base is that the success we are having in signing new global commercial and international clients is helping to offset some of the delays we experienced in sales to North America financial institutions in the second quarter. While we will continue to monitor the North American financial institutions sales activity, we are very encouraged with the overall strength of the sales pipeline. Turning to Slide 10. I will provide an update on the status of the M&I migration project. As we have discussed throughout 2011, FIS provides multiple core and payment solutions to both M&I and BMO Harris. We have been working on a plan to consolidate the respective core and payment platforms since BMO Harris announced plans to acquire M&I approximately 18 months ago. In the second quarter, we gained more clarity around the migration plan. As we have stated in the past, we will continue to have a substantial relationship with the combined entity going forward. While we continue to negotiate terms and service agreements for the various solutions, we now expect to transition the legacy M&I accounts from our fully outsourced core processing solution to the bank's in-house FIS platform in the fourth quarter of 2012. The bank will continue to license our software and FIS will provide ongoing support and professional services under an application management agreement. As we've previously discussed, we do not expect any significant impact to our 2012 results. Based on discussions in the second quarter, we continue to anticipate a revenue impact in 2013. Also, given the magnitude of the overall relationship and the opportunity to provide more services to BMO in the future, we anticipate foregoing a short-term benefit in 2013 in favor of a long-term strategic relationship with the eighth largest bank in North America. Mike will discuss the expected financial impact later in the call. As we discussed earlier, we are very encouraged by the overall strength of our sales pipeline. We will continue to work aggressively to drive new sales to backfill any excess capacity created by the change in our ongoing relationship with BMO. Next, I will provide an update on our international business on Slide 11. In May, we hosted our second annual international conference in Dubai. Overall attendance was up 20% compared to last year, with clients from 26 countries around the world, representing all international regions. Topics touched a broad range of industry issues, including innovation in banking, managing risk and compliance as well as leveraging FIS capabilities around outsourcing and services. We are pleased with the continued sequential and year-over-year growth trends in our international operations. As we expected, organic revenue growth improved to 10% in the second quarter and the margin increased by 110 basis points. All major regions delivered solid performance. Our European business continues to perform well. We are seeing demand for professional services, including the ING implementation project, which began in the fourth quarter of 2011. As we have discussed in the past, the majority of our core processing and payment solutions are mission-critical and enable our clients to operate on a daily basis. Our European business is focused primarily on Northern Europe, and less than 1/2 of 1% of our consolidated revenue comes from clients in Portugal, Italy, Ireland, Greece and Spain. Similar to what we are seeing in North America, the challenges created by increased regulation and a difficult economy continue to drive demand within Capco's European practice, which has experienced strong growth since we acquired the company in 2010. We continue to pursue opportunities in emerging markets, including Brazil, India and China, as overall growth within these countries is expected to outpace the U.S. by anywhere from 2x to 4x. Our Brazil joint venture continues to perform well, driven by continued growth in card issuance, transaction volumes and support services. We are also making good progress to expand our presence in the Asia Pacific region. I am very pleased to announce that we recently completed a large core implementation project for BAAC, which has approximately 20 million customer accounts and operates more than 1,000 branches in Thailand. We are also excited about opportunities to grow our Payments business throughout the region, including India, where we currently support nearly 4,000 ATMs. Next, if you will turn to Slide 12, I will address our continued focus on information security. Over the past year, we have spoken about the cyber attack that occurred in the first quarter of 2011 and the personnel and technology improvements that we have made to our business in 2011 and 2012. On our first quarter call, we also acknowledged the receipt of a regulatory letter that was distributed to our regulated financial institution clients in March of 2012. We continue to address the recommendations described in the letter and are taking additional steps to strengthen our information security. We have also engaged additional third-party experts to analyze the security of our systems, including ongoing assessment and monitoring with respect to the 2011 cyber attack and to validate to our customers the improvements that we have made or continuing to make -- and continuing to make to information security. The security issue has created opportunities for us to proactively engage with clients to solicit their feedback and to discuss how FIS can assist our clients in meeting their future business needs. Information security will remain a top priority for FIS in 2012 and beyond. In closing, I'd like to leave you with the following key takeaways, which are outlined on Slide 13: We continue to deliver on our plan to drive revenue growth and margin expansion, as evidenced by the 5.1% organic growth and 120-basis-point margin expansion in the second quarter and our strong performance year-to-date; we expect to transition the legacy M&I accounts from our fully outsourced solution to an in-house FIS licensed solution in the fourth quarter of 2012. While we will face some near-term headwinds, the good news is that we expect to have a long-term relationship with BMO, and we are optimistic that we can further expand our relationship with the bank over time. And as I stated at the beginning of my presentation, we remain focused on generating new sales and driving value to our clients. Again, thank you for joining us this afternoon. I'll now turn it over to Mike for the financial report.
Michael D. Hayford: Thanks, Gary. As a reminder, the Healthcare business has been classified as a discontinued operation for all periods presented as a result of the definitive agreement that we executed on June 25. In accordance with GAAP, revenues and expenses from discontinued operations are collapsed and classified as a separate line item on the income statement. In the second quarter of 2012, we -- and EBITDA by approximately $32 million and $11 million, respectively and reduced earnings per share from continuing operations by $0.02. We furnished an 8-K on July 3 to recast our historical financial results to reflect the Healthcare business as a discontinued operation. I'll continue the presentation on Slide 15. Consolidated revenue increased 3.1% to $1.5 billion in the second quarter. Organic growth, after being normalized for currency and acquisitions, was 5.1%, driven by growth in processing volumes, higher professional services and consulting revenues and payment transaction growth. Second quarter EBITDA increased 7.7% to $438 million. The EBITDA margin expanded 120 basis points to 30.0%, reflecting organic revenue growth and disciplined cost management. Next, I will provide additional detail on the operating segments, starting with FSG on Slide 16. Financial Solutions revenue increased 9.1% to $563 million compared to the second quarter of 2011 and grew 7.8% organically, driven by growth in account processing, professional services, consulting and global commercial services. As Gary mentioned, we are pleased with the improved performance within Capco's North American consulting practice. The team has done a nice job of selling through the large client loss in 2011 and improving profitability. Financial Solutions EBITDA increased 3.2% to $215 million compared to $208 million in the 2011 quarter. The EBITDA margin was 38.2% compared to 40.3% in the prior year, reflecting higher professional services revenue and consulting revenues and growth in the global commercial services. The margin was also impacted by the increased spending related to security and infrastructure improvements. Next, I will provide some additional details regarding the M&I core migration project. At the February 14 Investor Day, we stated that we expected a revenue impact in 2013. We also stated that we anticipated being able to preserve the earnings from the M&I relationship in 2013 based on our contract. During the second quarter, as Gary mentioned, we gained more clarity regarding the M&I migration plan. We expect to complete the core migration in the fourth quarter of 2012. Although we do not yet have a new agreement, we are currently estimating approximately $60 million decline in annual EBITDA run rate. We expect the impact in 2013 to be about half of that. Just to be clear, we are not providing guidance for 2013. We are simply updating what we now know about M&I, specifically that we anticipate giving up a portion of the contractual fee in 2013 in exchange for a long-term relationship with BMO. Consistent with our prior communication, the impact on 2012 is already included in our guidance. As showing on Slide 17, Payment Solutions revenue increased slightly to $606 million. Revenue increased 2.7%, excluding the check businesses, driven by continued growth in electronic payments, including our PIN debit network and EFT processing and bill payment. Payment Solutions EBITDA increased 8.6% to $250 million compared to $230 million in the second quarter of 2011. The EBITDA margin increased 310 basis points to 41.2% in the second quarter of 2012 compared to 38.1% in the second quarter of 2011, driven by growth in electronic transactions and cost management initiatives. Turning to international on Slide 18. International revenues declined 1.9% on a reported basis and grew 10% organically, excluding a $35 million currency impact. The increase was driven by growth in our European processing and consulting businesses, higher card issuance and usage in Brazil and our expanded presence in Asia, including the BAAC implementation that Gary discussed. International EBITDA increased 3.4% to $63 million compared to $61 million in the prior-year quarter. The margin improved 110 basis points to 22% compared to 20.9% in the prior year. Foreign currency exchange rates reduced revenue by $35 million in the second quarter. There was no material impact to our consolidated earnings as the currency benefit related to our Capco operations in India helped to mitigate the impact of currency on our international results. Please turn to Slide 19 for a reconciliation of net earnings. GAAP net earnings from continuing operations totaled $156 million in the second quarter. Adding back the $42 million in an after-tax purchase amortization resulted in adjusted earnings from continuing operations of $198 million, which is an increase of 18.1% compared to the prior year. Weighted average shares totaled 298 million in the second quarter of 2012 compared to 311 million shares in the second quarter of 2011. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 22.2% to $0.66 a share compared to $0.54 per share in the second quarter of 2011. The effective tax rate declined to 29% in the second quarter of 2012 compared to 32% in the prior-year quarter and 34% in the first quarter of 2012. The lower rate is due to the favorable resolution of certain tax provision -- positions taken by the company. We now anticipate a full year effective tax rate of approximately 33% for 2012, which for modeling purposes, equates to 34% in the third and fourth quarters. As shown on Slide 20, cash flow from operations totaled $259 million in the second quarter of 2012. Capital expenditures increased to $91 million compared to $68 million in the second quarter of 2011, primarily due to the additional investments we are making in information security. Free cash flow, which excludes settlement activity, totaled $178 million in the second quarter of 2012 compared to $185 million in the prior-year quarter. The decline was due to a required payment of $28 million to our Brazil joint venture partner in the second quarter of 2012. Next, on Slide 21. We continue to execute on our capital allocation strategy, which includes ongoing investments in business, strengthening the balance sheet, returning excess cash to shareholders and acquiring new products to cross sell to our clients. Total debt outstanding as of June 30 was $4.9 billion and the weighted average interest rate declined slightly to 4.6% compared to March 31. During the second quarter, we paid off our term loan B, which we believe is another step on the path to investment grade. Debt to EBITDA was 2.9x -- sorry, 2.8X at the end of the quarter. During the quarter, we paid $59 million in shareholder dividends and repurchased 1.5 million shares at a cost of $50 million. We returned approximately $270 million in cash to shareholders in the first half of 2012. We have $950 million in remaining share authorization under the existing plan, and we expect to use our operating cash to buy approximately 50 million of stock per quarter for the remainder of 2012. We also completed the ICS, Memento acquisitions in April for a combined cost of approximately $45 million. We will continue to look for additional product-focused acquisitions to drive higher cross sales through our global distribution channels. Now if you turn to Slide 22, I will provide additional details regarding the sale of our Healthcare business, which we announced on June 25. We expect to complete the sale by the end of the third quarter. As Frank described, the divestiture is consistent with our strategy to focus primarily on businesses where we have scale and can utilize our global distribution channels to sell additional products and services. The transaction was valued at $335 million in cash, and we expect to receive net proceeds of $220 million after tax upon closing. The sale is expected to reduce full year 2012 earnings from continuing operations by up to $0.07 per share. We expect to use the proceeds from the sale in a manner that is consistent with our capital allocation strategy to offset the dilutive impact. As a result, we do not expect the sale to have a material impact on earnings per share in 2013. We expect to incur an after-tax GAAP loss of approximately $55 million or $0.19 per share upon completion of the sale in the third quarter. The loss will be included in discontinued operation. Before opening the line for questions, I will provide a few key takeaways from today's overview, as summarized on Slide 23. We are executing the strategy that we communicated at the February 14 Investor Day, namely, driving organic growth and margin expansion, returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and focusing on tuck-in product acquisitions. While sales to North American financial institutions declined in the second quarter, we believe it's a timing issue. We do not believe we have had significant losses of a new business as a result of the regulatory letter. In the second quarter, we gained additional clarity on the M&I core migration plan. As we have discussed in the past, we do not expect any significant impact on the 2012 results related to the planned fourth quarter conversion. We anticipate a future EBITDA run rate impact of approximately $60 million a year, and we expect that the impact in 2013 will be reduced by approximately half that amount due to contractual fees. Again, this impact is specific to updated information regarding M&I. We will provide overall guidance for 2013 during our next year's investor conference. We are off to a good start for the year. While we expect a more challenging second half due to the planned client deconversions and more difficult comparisons in our Payments business and ongoing investments in risk management, information security, we are well positioned to deliver on our 2012 growth targets and EBITDA margin expansion. Last, as outlined on Slide 24, after adjusting our previous guidance for the sale of the Healthcare business, which is now expected to reduce our overall earnings in 2012 by up to $0.07 a share, we are raising our full-year outlook from continuing operations to $2.45 to $2.55 due to more favorable effective tax rate. Operator, you can now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, and I guess first of all, just a little more clarity on the M&I, Harris relationship. I think I remember back when Metavante was acquired, you were at about $120 million revenue run rate, and I know Harris adds a little bit more to that. But it seems like a pretty high incremental margin if you're only losing part of that revenue and to lose $60 million of EBITDA. I mean, is that just it, that it is very high incremental margin?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. David, this is Gary. Obviously, one of the benefits to our environment is when you operate fully outsourced environments on highly leveraged platforms, those incremental margins can be very high. We'll continue to have a significant relationship with BMO Harris going forward. In fact, they'll still be a top 10 client. We certainly think we'll drive higher revenue through our professional services engagement as well. And obviously, we'll continue to sell additional clients onto that platform. But at the end of the day, we're going to have a very strong relationship with them going forward.
Frank R. Martire: David, that's right. That's very important to us. They're clearly a top-tier bank and one that we really want to build a very large relationship with and one that we've had a great partnership with over many years.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, okay. And there's no reason over a long period of time that you couldn't build it back up pretty significantly, right?
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely.
Frank R. Martire: Absolutely, that's what we'll do.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then the second one is last few years, the second half EBITDA margin has usually been about 3% better than the first half EBITDA margin. This year, the way the guidance is kind of setting up is for a little less. It looks more like 200 basis points better, maybe even a little less than that in the second half relative to the first half. Is that because some of the -- the growth might be coming on at a little lower margin? Or is it conservatism? Or maybe you can kind of fill us in on that.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I think we had a very strong start to the year, obviously. We had some -- particularly in payments, we had some revenue come out at very strong margins. And so I think it's a great start to the first half of the year. I think we've got, as we referenced, some challenging comps in the second half, and we have some clients who have been deconverting. So it's a little bit different than we saw last year, but that's how we anticipate the year to fold out.
Operator: We have a question from Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to make sure I'm understanding sort of the pipeline and sales activity. So maybe this question is for Gary. If I heard right, North America sales was down a little bit year-over-year. But in aggregate, you were sort of saying sales was kind of flat year-over-year. Maybe you can just sort of give me a little bit of help on sort of the environment and, sort of more importantly, pipeline activity.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. No, it's a great question. I appreciate you asking for the clarification. All in all, our sales were on par for the full year when you look at our international sales, our nonfinancial institutions sales. Clearly, within North American financial institutions in the second quarter, we saw a little slowdown. As we mentioned, we don't feel we've lost any business due to our clients getting a letter from the regulators, although we will say we've had a number of conversations, and we do think that some of those deals got delayed into the third quarter. But we're very confident based on our pipeline, not only in financial institutions, but also in nonfinancials and international, we're going to continue to end the year very strong.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So other than the letter that went out, I mean, I guess a lot of people are sort of concerned about the macro environment, sort of spending activity levels, and there's -- obviously, there's been a lot of mixed messages from a lot of the big IT services companies regarding North American financial services. So was there anything beyond just sort of the letter kind of stemming deal closures?
Gary A. Norcross: We're not -- we're -- not really. I mean, at the end of the day, we actually -- the number of deals that we had signed to financial institutions were actually up. So our clients are making decisions. We think some of our bigger deals just got pushed into the third quarter because we're having other conversations. And so, at the end of the day, our clients, especially financial institutions worldwide, they're all dealing with regulatory challenges, frankly, unprecedented regulatory challenges. They're generating a very, very, obviously, difficult economy. But even as the economy rebounds, they're trying to figure out how to reinvent themselves. So we saw strong growth in our professional services business. So we can't lose sight of that as well. So all in all, we still think we can get back what we missed in the second quarter on the full year within financial institutions. And we think nonfinancial as well as international is going to continue to have a strong year.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then how about, quickly, an update on Capco, sort of thinking both North America and Europe and particularly interested in activity for transformational larger deals, sort of leveraging both Capco and FIS products.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. Well, Capco was up significantly. They had a fantastic quarter, and it was both in North America and in Europe. And we continue to see Capco's consulting business, as I said, grow very strongly, and most of it is around more transformative type consulting engagements. I'll tell you, the way our teams are working, our sales teams and our business lines with Capco, both in North America and Europe, we're very pleased with. And that organization is certainly performing within our expectations at this time.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Any way to put a number on the Capco growth?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, we haven't really carved Capco out. What we shared last year is they were a little behind our expectations and plan. And we're excited that in second quarter, they're ahead of the plan and expectations for them. So the size, you saw the size. We acquired them, it was around a little over $200 million. And so, obviously, we saw growth from that point.
Operator: We have a question from David Togut with Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Mike, could you quantify some of the underlying drivers of the 310 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion in Payment Solutions in the quarter? And if you adjust for the BMO Harris fourth quarter anticipated impact, to what extent are some of these underlying drivers onetime in nature or sustainable?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, the PSG margin, you could see we had some revenue growth, but we clearly had much stronger EBITDA growth in that business. And the teams continue to find ways to drive efficiency in PSG. So these are activities and actions that we have taken in the last fall heading into 2012. And then, quite frankly, they had some decent transaction volumes. We had good volumes, nice first half of the year. We had good volumes in our debit issuing business. We had good volumes in bill pay. So those transactions come on at very high incremental margins. So that's what's driving the PSG side. The BMO Harris fourth quarter, we had -- looking at where we're going to be for the year, where we're going to end up, we declared in the second quarter, we feel comfortable with where we're at in '12. And that business comes off, and then as Gary talked about, team's got to go out and refill the hole, if you will. We've got to bridge in '13, and then we've got to put some new clients back on those platforms and that's -- the teams are out looking to do.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Any specific large buckets of efficiencies to point to, whether it be data center consolidation or procurement?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I think it's a little of everything. We talked at Investor Day that we're kind of finalizing the activities that we've done on the merger synergy plan with Metavante. It's now blocking and tackling a lot of little things. So the team continues with the consolidating, particularly like in item processing, where the volumes are going down, they've done an outstanding job of consolidating the number of centers that we operate. They'll keep doing that. But whether it's center cost or procurement or the operating cost, they're just good execution right now.
Gary A. Norcross: David, we do that as a course of business, always. And then we'll have a little bit more focus on this during the budget process.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I see. And, Mike, could you quantify the annual increase in information security spending that we should expect?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, we talked about -- we didn't do a specific number, but we talked about reinvesting some of the incremental margin improvement that we would have seen in '12 back into the business, specifically infrastructure and information security. So it's a number that has an impact, obviously. And we've talked about some of the things we're doing to improve our environment. But we'll continue to spend throughout '12, and there'll be spending going forward. But there's obviously a little bit of a bump in '12 as we catch up some activities.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. David, this is Gary. And then, obviously, this is just something that is part of the business now. And I mean it's a -- the bar has been raised, it should be. And all providers are going to have to make investments in this space going forward.
Operator: We have a question from Greg Smith with Sterne Agee.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to be sure I understand the BMO, M&I issue. So it's $30 million of EBITDA that you're going to lose in 2013? And then the full run rate, $60 million, all things being equal you'd lose in 2014?
Michael D. Hayford: So the $60 million is the annualized run rate. And again, we're talking specifically to the consolidated impact of BMO Harris and M&I consolidating the environments together. So the $60 million is a run rate next year with -- and again, we're getting information it's not finalized because we haven't finalized the deal with them yet. But we anticipate in '13 that $60 million will be mitigated by half due to our contractual arrangement.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And is that -- how does that time throughout the year?
Michael D. Hayford: Again, the activity would end -- most of the migrations would be done by the fourth quarter of '12. And then -- so we will have that spread probably throughout '13.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, just thinking about the impact of currency, it definitely seemed like you had benefited from your captive in India. Is there any way to size that, what the total number of expenses are in India?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. We obviously -- and again, that is -- it's predominantly captive activities we do there. We use it to support our product sets that are based in the U.S. And because of that, it was favorable to us. Obviously, that gave us kind of a hedge against some of the diminution we saw in other parts of the world. But it's a small number. At the end of the day, the delta between what the impact was in the international side versus the benefit we got from our captive probably netted out less than a few pennies.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just as we think about currency exposure in other markets, I guess, Brazil and then thinking about Brazil and then Capco, are things pretty well matched up where in Brazil, you have significant expenses there matched against the revenue, and same for Capco. I mean, therefore, you're always somewhat hedged on the expense side? There's no big mismatch, is there?
Michael D. Hayford: No. I think that's to -- really, around the globe for us that Brazil is very matched. The expenses we have driving that are based on in Brazil. Our European operations, whether it's Capco, whether it's the other centers that we operate, the costs are in-country, so same currency. So the only one that's mismatched has some benefit for us right now, which is India.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then what -- just, Mike, do you have a rough estimate for the tax rate in 2013, which we...
Michael D. Hayford: Wow. No, I mean, we -- again, we're excited about the benefit we got in the second quarter, but it changes the rate to our -- to the good. But why don't we wait until we do the whole '13? And we've been in the 33% to 34% range now a couple of years, but we got to do a little planning before I give you a number.
Operator: We have a question from John Kraft with D.A. Davidson.
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I wanted to go back to that mobile telco win you talked about. And I guess my question is if there is an opportunity to leverage it into a new vertical or is this just a one-off, I guess particularly in light of your plans to divest out of the health vertical?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, John, this is Gary. Obviously, we have been committed to these types of businesses for a number of years. We're -- really what we're doing is selling computing services to adjacent markets that leverage our existing structure. So we deliver a lot of mainframe services to financial institutions, as you would expect. So the ability to leverage that excess capacity and underwrite our overall delivery cost at very nice margins to nonfinancial institutions. So no, we have no plans of divesting this type of business. It's just a natural leverage for our significant data processing footprint in North America.
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: And there's opportunity for other potential telcos, you think?
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely. It's been a high-growth area for us. That team has done a very good job finding opportunities that leverages our existing capacity, and I think that's something very important that we focus on in the sales cycle. We're not after looking for non -- for services that we don't already have scale in. So mainframe is a great example where we bring significant scale. Server management's something where we bring significant scale. And so these are opportunities that allow us to underwrite our delivery cost to the financial institution marketplace, allows us to help us expand our margins as we're bringing more scale on the platform, getting more efficiencies out on it.
Frank R. Martire: And John, we execute very well there, so we have a good reputation.
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess just one more, if I could on the M&I conversion. Specific to the move from the -- or to the in-house license that will happen, I guess, in Q4 this year, is there a -- I know it's in guidance, but is there a revenue chunk that you'll get from that conversion?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, John, I mean, M&I -- keep in mind, we've had a long-standing relationship with M&I on an outsourcing basis. We've had a long-standing relationship with BMO Harris. Some things, on an outsourced basis, the core banking system has been run in-house for years. So as you would expect, when we do -- when our clients do acquisitions, a lot of times they engage us through professional services activities to help convert those clients onto their platform. So we have -- that's very typical for us, and that's one of the drivers of our professional services numbers. Ongoing, we're going to continue to have a very large relationship with BMO Harris. And so all we were doing was bringing clarity that getting an extension in a contract and a long-term agreement with the eighth largest bank in North America is proven, given the size of our company and where we think the market's going. So we'll have a good, long-term relationship with them.
Operator: We have a question from Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to maybe just start off real quickly with the financial services segment and outsourcing in terms of demand. Can you just parse through a little bit on the demand side, large clients versus small clients? Any distinctions to call out there in terms of the cadence?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, clearly, in the smaller market, we're seeing massive movements to outsourcing. We've been saying that for years. And I would tell you, we continue to see that trend. We've also continued to see a very large trend towards outsourcing in the large financial institution marketplace as well, but it's not near as advanced as what you would say in the classic community markets. Also, when you're in the large financial institution, we're seeing a lot more services business driven there. So every quarter, we've seen growth in our professional services business, and we think that trend is going to continue. But we do think there's a big opportunity in the large financial institution space for outsourcing business. We've signed some significant outsourcing in the LFI space all so far this year. And fact of the matter or even a very -- a deal that we had in the second quarter, we’re counting on the second quarter, got pushed into this quarter. We actually signed today. So we'll be announcing that here over the next several weeks. So we're seeing good movement in and around outsourcing, for sure.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just on the nice part of the business segment. I think you guys said that it was around 3% of revenue. Is there some thought there on whether that business can get any bigger or any way to think about the growth potential of that business? Or is this just a business that just stays under the kind of pressure that we're seeing right now given some of the competitive dynamics there?
Gary A. Norcross: We think it still has opportunity. The team has done an excellent job coming up with both offensive and defensive strategies in that business, as we've shared with you over the last couple of quarters. We saw some nice growth through the Durbin Amendment. Obviously, we're seeing some of our transactions slow with some of the deep end pricing. But we've got a number of strategies ourself we're deploying. And we feel good about some of the early results of those strategies. So we think that solution has -- still has some growth in the future for us.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, on the international side, big bead relative to our numbers on the margin front. Can you just walk through what drove some of that upside in the international margins or at least relative to the numbers that we had?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, at the end of the day, keep in mind, our international business -- and we've talked about it for years, so our international margins have always been less than what we've seen in the domestic U.S. But what we've consistently said is as we build scale in the countries that we're focused on, right, we're going to continue to see expanding margins of that. So the team has done a great job selling. Frankly, we're continuing to see a move towards outsourcing, even in international. And I think you're starting to see our overall software license fees continue to get smaller. And so as that scale comes up in those various countries, whether it's Brazil, whether it's Europe or the U.K. or in Asia, some of the deals we mentioned, those transactions and those accounts and those new clients come on at very high margins for us. So -- and also, the team does an excellent job controlling costs. I mean, Frank talks about it. We execute our business every day looking for opportunities to become more efficient, and then we continue to drive our sales force through incentives to close as much business as possible. So really, it's nothing more than good sales execution, good cost control and scale in the markets we're operating in.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So barring a large contract award or some new investment initiative, this level that you guys have reached should be sustainable?
Gary A. Norcross: Oh, yes. No, we -- absolutely. And we still think there's opportunities to grow our margins, keep in mind, in all of our markets.
Operator: We have a question from Peter Heckmann with Avondale Partners.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: I had a follow-up on -- and I know that some of these negotiations are ongoing, but it sounds to me as if the M&I-BMO Harris consolidation, maybe that a portion of that $60 million loss of EBITDA is coming from a onetime contract termination payment. And if so, which quarter would we expect that to come in?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, again, what we're doing with BMO Harris, because we had really relationships in -- on both sides of that, so we're really taking a contractual -- typically, if you have a relationship and your investment gets acquired, you have a termination fee in that situation. Here, we have an ongoing relationship. So we've really tied together the ongoing portion, and as Gary talked, an extension of that relationship with the migration of M&I. So it's a little different than a typical termination works, because it's not termination in this situation. And so it'll -- we just don't anticipate a onetime bump that will hit a specific quarter as opposed to just kind of a transition through the current relationship down to where we just give you an expectation then after '13.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then for some of the big pieces that you may be able to win in terms of that relationship, can you identify any big pieces of the combined M&I, BMO Harris that you don't currently have, like bill pay, for example?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, so a lot of the business we're still going to keep, right, probably be a different name. But bill pay, we actually will have. There's -- the core, the deposit loan, customer systems, we are operating 2 platforms, we're going to be operating one. It's going to go an in-house platform that Harris and M&I are going to operate on. There's been some noise around the credit card, as an example. We never processed credit cards for M&I. So they really didn't have a decision there. We had a flow-through as part of our relationship with another organization, and they kept their card processing there. So the bulk of the applications we're still going to process for them. It's going to be generally an in-house. Obviously, you can see from the numbers that the numbers are going back down quite a bit. But the relationship is still a very large relationship. It's a great organization. We have a great relationship with them. And as we talked about, we felt it was an opportunity to extend the relationship as opposed to have a terminating type of situation.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. And just to add onto that, keep in mind, we're talking about BMO Harris, which is the U.S. subsidiary of BMO in Canada. And so we think there's a lot of opportunity to leverage some of our capabilities in the Canadian operation. And so we've got a lot in that environment. We do very little with actual BMO in Canada. And we talked to them about a number of fronts, whether we could leverage a lot of our payment technologies, our core processing technologies. And so, as Mike said, having a long-term relationship with BMO Harris and actually extending that, we think, makes a lot of sense. But then, what we've been able to do through this process is really tap into overall BMO in a significant way for the first time. So the dialogue has been very positive around working out this situation. But we think what that's going to do is, obviously, open some doors to allow us to talk about BMO, the larger enterprise in Canada, on some of our capabilities going forward.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Just one last follow-up. I think you had mentioned ING when you mentioned some of the consulting work and the project that has started in the fourth quarter of '11. I believe that's another large bank merger where you have the core at both ING Direct and Capital One...
Gary A. Norcross: No. Keep in mind, we were talking about ING as an international client over in the Netherlands. So we're working with them. They've actually sold ING Direct to Capital One, which, you're right, we do have both Capital One and ING Direct. But our reference in the earnings call was dealing with ING, which we announced in the fourth quarter of last year, where they're actually migrating all of their country-specific core processing systems onto our technology. And so that's obviously continuing to drive professional services business for us internationally as we help them with that deployment and migration.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then any early insight in terms of Capital One ING Direct which core they may migrate to as a consolidated entity?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, you got 2 totally different enterprise, right? So you've got Capital One, who's actually bought ING Direct, which is one of the largest direct banks. And so we've got a very strong relationship there, and we're just going to continue to work with them through their strategies. And as they decide how they're going to carry forward their business, obviously FIS will be there to help them. And so we enjoy seeing our clients grow and grow through acquisition, because it usually means great things for FIS.
Operator: We have a question from Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank.
Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Ashish, calling on behalf of Bryan Keane. A quick question on the Financial Solutions segment that delivered another solid quarter. And so how should we think about this growth going forward? Do you think this growth is sustainable going into second half, considering all the headwinds that you spoke about? And just to follow up on that would be the deals, the deals that got pushed out to third quarter. Would that have any impact on the near-term revenues?
Michael D. Hayford: I mean, I think FSG had a pretty good string here that the comps in the last half of last year were a little off. But they started out last year real strong in the first 2 quarters, and then the -- through those comps, we're going to have pretty good third and fourth quarter. First 2 quarters this year were solid. I mean, we've talked about FSG has really come back pretty strong after a slow '09 and '10, where we had -- kind of the slowdown due to the financial crisis and just good steady growth. We get a little bit of noise quarter-to-quarter because of comps or because of something moving around. But as Gary referenced, we feel pretty good about the growth opportunity. I don't - the third-- the second quarter sales, again, we think is more of a delay than losses, and Gary referenced that -- one of the deals we actually got signed here already in the third quarter. So I think we still feel good about FSG. It's kind of quarter-to-quarter. It's going to have a few up and downs. But as we look year-over-year, we still think it's come back strong and it has the opportunity to keep growing.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, I can't agree more. I mean, at the end of the day, if you look at our -- once again, our software business continues to decline because of the trend towards outsourcing that we've been now talking about quarters -- for just many quarters. And as a result of that, it's a much more predictable business. So FSG doesn't have quite the impact that, say, our PSG segment does with transaction volumes and some of those things. So we feel good about FSG in the second half of the year, and we feel good about the sales success in that area as well.
Frank R. Martire: All right. As Gary and Mike said, if you look at the last 2-year results and how strong our pipeline is today, we can't help but feel good about FSG and how it's performing, how we believe it will perform.
Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great. One quick question on the FX. So -- and this is more particular -- this isn't particular to the FX impact on the top line. So I believe you said the impact was roughly $35 million on the top line for international segment. And the Brazilian real as well as the euro has significantly weakened. How do you -- like if you stay at this current conversion rate, how do you think about FX going forward? I was wondering if you have done any kind of calculation, or can you provide any kind of insight into it?
Michael D. Hayford: Yes. I mean, we try to look at that. I don't have a number in front of me in terms of –- kind of project out the FX. Again, we try to give organic numbers, which eliminates the FX impact. And then, at least most of those countries have a natural kind of hedge and balance. And then in terms of if we have a negative impact there in terms of lower margin coming back, right now, we've got the benefit with India. So without trying to predict what's going to happen with the currency swinging in the future, I don't really have a specific number. But if you look at the second quarter -- and we don't think we have too much exposure there on the bottom line.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in queue.
Mary K. Waggoner: Thanks very much to everyone who joined us on this afternoon's call. Please stay on the line for replay information, and have a good rest of the evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 7 p.m. Eastern time today through midnight Eastern Time on Tuesday, July 31. You may access the AT&T Executive replay service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701, entering access code 251811. International participants, dial (320) 365-3844. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Frank R. Martire - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Gary A. Norcross - President and Chief Operating Officer Michael D. Hayford - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Nathan J. Novak - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. With that being said, I'll turn the conference, now, to Ms. Mary Waggoner. Please go ahead.
Mary K. Waggoner: Thank you, Jon. Good morning, and welcome to everyone joining us on the call. Joining me today are Frank Martire, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Gary Norcross, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Hayford, Chief Financial Officer. Today's news release and supplemental slide presentation have been posted to our website at fisglobal.com. A replay of this morning's call will be available shortly. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on Slide 3 of the presentation. Our comments today will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Today's discussion will focus on results from continuing operations and will include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented as outlined on Slide 4. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachment to the press release and the supplemental slide presentation. The presentation will begin on Slide 6. I will now turn the call over to Frank Martire for an overview of first quarter results. Frank?
Frank R. Martire: Thanks, Mary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call.  I'll begin today's business review with a brief summary of our financial performance and business highlights for the first quarter of 2012. Gary will follow with the operations report and Mike will provide additional insight into our financial results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. We are very pleased with our strong first quarter results. Organic revenue growth improved to 5.3% in the first quarter, driven by solid performance across all businesses. EBITDA increased 10.3% and the EBITDA margin expanded 150 basis points to 28.1%. Earnings per share totaled $0.55, which represents a 22% increase compared to the first quarter of 2011. These results reflect our ongoing focus on increasing organic growth, driving margin expansion and delivering double-digit growth in earnings per share. The team is doing a great job executing the strategy that we described at the Investor Day.  I will now continue with Slide 7. We are making solid progress in expanding client relationships in all of the markets that we serve. Last week, we hosted the first of several client conferences scheduled for 2012. The discussions we are having with clients indicate that they are increasingly focused on driving future growth given the progress they have made to improve profitability and strengthen their balance sheets. I was also very pleased with the positive feedback regarding our product offerings and integrated solutions. We feel good about the strength of our client relationships. We recently completed 2 solution enhancing acquisitions to further expand our risk, fraud and compliance offerings, which are key areas of focus for financial institutions. These acquisitions support our strategy to buy, build and invest in new products to cross-sell to our clients. Gary and Mike will provide additional details regarding these investments later on the call. Throughout 2011 and 2012, we have made, and will continue to make, significant investments to improve our overall information security and risk management functions. For example, on March 9, we announced the hiring of Greg Schaffer as our new Chief Information Security Officer. Greg previously worked as Assistant Secretary for Cybersecurity and Communications for the Department of Homeland Security. On April 17, we announced the hiring of Greg Montana as our new Chief Risk Officer. Greg previously worked as Senior Operational Risk Executive for Bank of America. Both positions report directly to me. We look forward to the additional experience that these 2 new executives bring to FIS. Overall, I am very encouraged with our strong start to the year and the progress we are making towards achieving our 2012 objectives. We are working hard to maintain this momentum and are committed to executing the strategy that we communicated at our Investor Day. As always, our management team and employees are focused on serving our clients, growing the business and driving value for our shareholders. One last thing before I turn the call over to Gary. Our ranking as the world's leading FinTech provider is due in large part to the execution of a disciplined, highly successful acquisition strategy. Bill Foley begin laying the foundation for FIS in 2003, with the acquisition of Alltel Information Services, and served as Board Chairman since taking the company public in 2006 through March 2012. On behalf of our board, our management team and our employees around the world, we would like to extend our sincere appreciation to Bill for the outstanding vision and leadership he has contributed in the creation and evolution of our company. We look forward to his ongoing involvement with FIS as Vice Chairman of the Board. Now I will turn the call over to Gary for the business report. Gary?
Gary A. Norcross: Thanks, Frank, and thanks to everyone for being with us today. My presentation begins on Slide 9. I'll begin with an update on the global sales climate, followed by a summary of business highlights for the quarter. Although the regulatory environment has created challenges for financial institutions, they are moving forward, developing and executing new revenue strategies. We are encouraged by the renewed focus on growth and investing for the future. Ongoing initiatives to improve efficiencies continue to favor outsourcing over in-house solutions. While we anticipate that 2012 will continue to be a time of transition for the financial industry, we believe that the outlook for the banking sector and the economy as a whole is improving. If you would turn to Slide 10, I will cover some of the business highlights for the quarter beginning with North America. As Frank mentioned, we hosted the first of 4 annual client conferences last week. The conference was very successful, with more than 1,000 clients in attendance, which is a significant increase compared to last year. Activity surrounding the more than 100 FIS products and services being demoed was high, as was participation in the 130 breakout sessions which included topics ranging from merchant-funded rewards, to chip-based technology, to mobile solutions. In addition to being a great opportunity for our entire team to interact face-to-face with clients, the annual conferences provide valuable insight into how we can best allocate our investment dollars to generate additional cross-selling opportunities. For example, 2 product acquisitions that we discussed earlier this year at Investor Day, GIFTS and Compliance Coach, and the ongoing enhancements we are making to integrate them with the core are great examples of how our investments are filling product gaps for our clients and driving incremental growth for our company. GIFTS, which is an integrated wire transfer and money management solution, has grown more than 30% through cross-sales to new and existing clients. Compliance Coach, which is a regulatory training and compliance tool, has grown by more than 50% since we acquired the company. We are also seeing good growth in professional services, Channel Solutions and our Global Commercial business. We are very pleased with the solid results in our Payments business, which grew 4.2%, excluding the check-related businesses. We continued to analyze transaction trends, including the impact of the Durbin Amendment, now that the 3 major milestones are behind us. These milestones and results are: First, volumes have held up well since the end of priority routing, which was effective October 1, 2011. Second, transactions have remained consistent post April 1, 2012, which is when the restrictions on network exclusivity went into effect. And third, we're closely monitoring volumes to assess the potential impact on the pricing changes that were implemented by VISA on April 14, 2012. Next, I will provide an update on our International business on Slide 11. International continues to be a growth driver for our company. While organic growth of 7% in the first quarter is below our full year target, we expect double-digit growth in 2012. Brazil remains a great market for us with strong growth in card volumes and back office services. Growth in Europe is being driven primarily by the Capco Consulting business. However, we are also seeing ongoing demand for discretionary professional services, including the enterprise core platform upgrade for ING that we discussed at Investor Day. The Asia-Pacific region also continues to provide growth opportunities for our company. As we have discussed on prior calls, a number of banks in Asia utilize FIS as their core processing partner. We are seeing increased demand for our comprehensive integrated branch channel solutions and we were very excited to announce our first TouchPoint deal in Thailand earlier this week. We are also very pleased with the success we are having with our Payment Solutions throughout the region. Moving to Slide 12. Organic growth of 5.3% in the first quarter improved sequentially compared to the fourth quarter of 2011, and was driven by solid performance across each of our operating segments. Growth in the higher margin businesses, including Payments, coupled with an ongoing focus on managing cost, contributed to the 150 basis points improvement in the margin. Our shift in strategy from large transformative acquisitions, is allowing us to focus on driving organic growth and optimizing performance across our company. As we discussed at our Annual Investor Day, we are targeting 3 areas to drive improvement, including revenue growth, focusing resources on high growth businesses and strong cost management. And we are executing on that strategy. Turning to Slide 13. Similar to the GIFTS and Compliance Coach deals that I discussed earlier, ongoing investment in targeted product acquisitions are key components of our plan to sell more solutions across our extensive client network. This past Monday, we announced 2 product-focused acquisitions that support our strategy to provide end-to-end fraud, risk and compliance solutions to our clients. The first acquisition, ICS Risk Advisors, provides outsourced risk management and regulatory compliance programs to community institutions, as well as several top-tier banks. The second, Memento, provides enterprise fraud solutions to global financial institutions including 7 of the top 25 banks in the U.S. These products, which complement our earlier Compliance Coach acquisition, are great examples of investments we are making to help our clients address some of their most pressing challenges, including managing through an increasingly more complex regulatory environment. Next, if you will turn to Slide 14, I'll provide an update on the investments we are making to improve information security across FIS. As you recall, FIS experienced a cyber attack on our Sunrise platform in the first quarter of 2011. The financial impact related to the breach was borne solely by FIS, as previously reported. At that time, we took immediate steps to notify the affected clients and to remediate the problem. We also hired 2 third-party firms to conduct an independent review of our information security. Our executive management team and our Board of Directors have been actively engaged in the company's information security and risk management functions before, during and after the Sunrise event. Based on the nature of our business, FIS is periodically reviewed by the regulatory agencies that govern financial institutions. Upon completion of an interim review in late 2011, the regulators issued a confidential examination report to FIS related to information security and risk management. We responded to this report and described the actions that we have taken, and will take, to address the requested enhancements. The regulatory agencies distributed a letter to our clients in March of 2012, describing the requested improvements, along with acknowledging FIS's commitment to make the improvements. We are working closely with our customers to respond to their questions and update them on our progress. Our conversations have been very productive, and importantly, we did not see any significant impact on results in the first quarter. Overall, we believe the steps we have already taken to improve information security, together with the additional investments that we are making in 2012, will result in FIS being an even better, stronger company. In closing, I'd like to leave you with the following key takeaways, which are outlined on Slide 15. We are very pleased with our strong first quarter performance and the progress we are making to improve organic growth and drive margin expansion. We are delivering on our product-focused M&A strategy. Information security remains a top priority at FIS and we have made substantial progress against our planned enhancements. We remain focused on serving our clients and executing our business strategy. Again, thank you for joining us this morning. I'll now turn it over to Mike for the financial report.
Michael D. Hayford: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 17 with a summary of our first quarter results. Revenue increased 4.6% to $1.4 billion in the first quarter. Organic growth, after being normalized for currency, was 5.3%, driven by growth in processing volumes, transaction growth and higher professional services revenue. First quarter EBITDA increased 10.3% to $406 million. The EBITDA margin expanded 150 basis points to 28.1%, reflecting growth in account processing, payment transactions, disciplined cost management and lower severance and integration costs compared to the first quarter of 2011. Also, as you will recall, the prior year quarter included a $13 million loss related to the Sunrise platform. In 2012, we are making significant investments to enhance overall security and risk management as Gary and Frank described earlier. These incremental investments were included in the guidance that we provided at our Investor Day. Detail on the operating segments, starting with FSG, begins on Slide 18. Financial Solutions revenue increased 7% to $539 million compared to the first quarter of 2011, driven by growth in data processing, professional services and global commercial services. Financial Solutions' EBITDA increased 7.1% to $209 million compared to $195 million in 2011 first quarter. EBITDA margin increased slightly compared to the prior year. As shown on Slide 19, Payment Solutions revenue increased 2.6% to $631 million and increased 4.2% excluding the Check businesses. We are seeing nice growth across our electronic Payments business, which have partially offset the lower volumes in the Check business. Payment Solutions EBITDA increased 13.7% to $249 million compared to $219 million in the first quarter of 2011. EBITDA margin increased 380 basis points to 39.5% in the first quarter of 2012 compared to 35.7% in the first quarter of 2011 due to growth in transaction volumes and an ongoing focus on cost management. Turning to International on Slide 20. International revenue increased 3.2% to $277 million and grew 7.1% on an organic basis, excluding a $10 million currency headwind. As Gary mentioned, we benefited from strong transaction services growth in Brazil, as well as growth in Europe driven primarily by Capco. International EBITDA increased 5.1% to $51 million compared to $49 million in the prior-year quarter. The margin increased 40 basis points to 18.6%. On Slide 21, corporate overhead totaled $104 million in the first quarter of 2012. These results exclude approximately $19 million for the accelerated vesting of equity grants and a non-compete payment related to change in board responsibilities and executive roles. We expect corporate overhead to average approximately $95 million per quarter for the remainder of 2012. Slide 22 provides a reconciliation of net earnings. First quarter net earnings from continuing operations increased 17.8% to $162 million compared to $138 million in the first quarter of 2011. Earnings per share from continuing operations, as adjusted, increased 22.2% to $0.55 per share compared with $0.45 per share in the first quarter of 2011. Our reported GAAP numbers are adjusted for the after-tax impact of purchased price amortization of $42 million or $0.14 per share. Also excluded from our adjusted results are after-tax costs of $12 million or $0.04 per share in debt refinancing costs and $12 million or $0.04 per share related to the accelerated equity compensation and non-compete costs that I described earlier. Weighted average shares totaled 295 million in the first quarter of 2012, down from approximately 309 million shares in the first quarter of 2011. The effective tax rate was approximately 34%. As shown on Slide 23, cash flow from operations totaled $204 million in the first quarter of 2012 compared to $260 million in the prior year. The decline was largely due to a final payment of $42 million related to an interest rate swap assumed in the Metavante acquisition. As a reminder, we expect to make a payment of approximately $28 million to our Brazil joint venture partner in the second quarter of 2012. Capital expenditures totaled $65 million in the first quarter, which resulted in free cash flow of $136 million compared to $130 million in the prior-year quarter. Beginning this quarter, we have modified our definition of free cash flow to exclude the impact of net changes in settlement, assets and liabilities. These timing difference, associated with the movement of customer funds in our Payment business, that generally clear the following day, we believe that excluding these timing differences provides a better measure of our ability to convert earnings to cash and is a measurement that we will use going forward. On Slide 24, we have received very positive feedback regarding the strategy that we presented at Investor Day, and are executing to that plan. As illustrated in this slide, we are investing for growth, including the $65 million in CapEx that I mentioned earlier. We continue to focus on strengthening the balance sheet. Mandatory debt payments totaled approximately $59 million in the first quarter. Debt outstanding was $4.8 billion and the weighted average interest rate was 4.7% at quarter end as summarized in the appendix. Debt to EBITDA was unchanged at 2.8x. In February, our board approved a fourfold increase in the dividend to $0.20 per quarter, which resulted in $59 million in shareholder dividends in the first quarter of 2012 compared to $15 million in the first quarter of 2011. We repurchased approximately 3.7 million shares during the first quarter for a total cost of $101 million. Also in February, we announced a new $1 billion purchase authorization, and we anticipate executing approximately $250 million in share repurchases on an annual basis. If you'll turn to Slide 25, I'll provide an overview of our recent debt refinancing. In March, we issued an additional $700 million in 10-year unsecured notes at 5% and used the net proceeds to reduce the Term Loan B. We also extended the maturities on our Term Loan A and revolver to 2017 and reduced the spread by 25 basis points. We're making good progress towards achieving investment-grade credit ratings. In March, Fitch increased our rating to BBB- and S&P increased our rating to BB+. S&P subsequently revised its outlook for FIS from stable to positive. In summary, our recent actions: first, extended the overall duration by approximately 2 years; second, reduced the weighted average interest rate to 4.7%; and third, substantially advanced our progress towards achieving an investment-grade rating. Now turning to Slide 26. As Gary and Frank mentioned, as part of our new strategy that we discussed at Investor Day, we are focusing our M&A activity on buying, building or investing in products to cross-sell across our distribution network. The ICS and Memento deals, which have a combined purchase price of approximately $40 million, complements our existing risk and compliance products and are part of our strategy to provide end-to-end risk management solutions to our clients. Similar to the smaller product deals that we've done in the past, we believe these new offerings will pay ongoing dividends for FIS and our clients. We continued to look for opportunities like these to further build out our overall product offerings. Before I open the line for questioning, I will provide a few takeaway points from today's overview as summarized on Slide 27. We are encouraged by the strong first quarter operating results and the progress we are making to achieve our full year objectives. We take information securities very seriously. The additional cost of the investments we are making are included in the guidance as we discussed during our Investor Day in February. As Gary mentioned, we did not see a significant negative impact on first quarter results as a result of the regulatory letter. We continue to communicate with our clients regarding our progress and are closely monitoring sales activity for any potential future impact. We are executing the business strategy we communicated at Investor Day including, first of all, driving organic growth and margin expansion. Second, we are making progress in executing our capital allocation plan, including extending the duration of our debt, reducing the weighted average interest rate and working towards achieving an investment grade rating on our debt. Third, we returned $160 million in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the first quarter. And we completed 2 small product acquisitions aimed at driving future cross-sales, which is consistent with the M&A strategy we presented during our Investor Day. Operator, we can now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first, go to the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Yes, I guess the first question, maybe for Gary. If there's any way to give us a little bit more color on the sales activity and new bookings activity in the quarter, either from a year-over-year or even sequential perspective? Any way to sort of quantify the overall market and how you're been doing?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Glenn. No, it's a great question. We typically don't disclose what our actual sales details are but our sales for the quarter were strong. The nice thing about our company is we've got a very diversified product portfolio. So where we see some maybe lumpiness in International, we see a pickup in global commercial services or if we see a slowdown in other areas. But the quarter, we had strong results. They were ahead of what they were in Q1 of last year. And so, based on the feedback that we got through our investor show and others, we feel confident about the year. I mean, the team's very focused and we're starting to see people talk a lot about coming out of this regulatory issue, this economy and how to get back to growing their financial institutions and their other businesses we serve.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Any sense that discretionary sort of spending decisions have improved or loosened a bit?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I think it's too early to say. I mean, we certainly -- as we shared in our prepared remarks, we see some positive trends around spending. I mean, certainly the increase in conference attendance, I think, is an indication that people are getting back out in the market and wanting to start understanding ways they can grow their financial institutions, and as I've said, we've got a lot of activity in the sales force.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Mike, on the EBITDA margin up 150 basis points, obviously, tracking well above your full year 40 to 80 basis point expectation. Sort of how should we think about it? Was there sort of some timing of expenses? Obviously, you had the Sunrise grow-over which helped a little bit but not a lot. Maybe just a little more color on the 150 basis points relative to the 40, 80 guide for the year.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, first, I'd say we're very pleased with the number. Obviously, it's a good start to the year. It is -- for the full year, we're still very comfortable with the expectations we set. The first year -- or the first quarter, year-over-year, obviously had -- that comp from last year, had Sunrise in it. So if you normalize out Sunrise, we're in the band with that, that you'd expect for the full year. Now again, when we give expectations, we didn't strip Sunrise out. But I think on a quarter-to-quarter, it's a little bit more impact. Full year, again, we're pleased with the start. We're particularly pleased -- we had a very strong quarter in Payments, the work that Gary's team has done to really drive the cost and then you have a business like that which has so much leverage and the volumes come back. They drop right to the bottom line, so we're encouraged by that start.
Operator: And next we'll go to Dave Koning from Robert W. Baird.
Nathan J. Novak - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is Nathan Novak on the line for Dave Koning. Could you expand a little bit on the lumpiness that you're seeing in International, what's causing that? Are you seeing just a fairly normalized accounts being added in Brazil?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. Nate, I'll take that one. Our international business always has a little lumpiness on the sales side. So I wouldn't read anything into it. We've got, actually, one of the largest pipelines we've had in International. We had a very strong sales quarter. The reality is, where you start seeing lumpiness is whether that's more license-oriented or more services-oriented. The first quarter, we had a lot of services-oriented business which, obviously, we get that revenue over the term of the agreement. Brazil was very strong. I mean we're continuing to see nice growth in both -- not only accounts but also transactions. We're also seeing nice growth in our EBITDA margins as we're bringing on more scale to those environments. So, yes, we're still very bullish on our international markets and we think we'll have a good year.
Frank R. Martire: Nate, the other think you see -- Brazil, agreements are strong, capital in Europe is very strong. But we had a very strong fourth quarter in International and sometimes you'll see that, where people will flush out their budgets at the end of the year and then start in the next year it's a little slower. So like, again, I think to Gary's point, to the full year we still are very confident of that business. The first quarter -- with the strong fourth quarter not necessarily unexpected.
Nathan J. Novak - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. Gary, could you expand on any type of impacts you're seeing on the NYCE network from Durbin, of the interchangeables that have been in place for a couple of quarters now and the dual brand requirements up for about a month now. Anything specifically that you're seeing there?
Gary A. Norcross: Honestly, Nate, we're not. We're actually continuing to see very good volumes in our NYCE network. We're seeing nice growth there. It's too early to tell, on the Visa pricing changes, they've just recently gone in. But as I shared earlier with those first 2 milestones, actually, we've seen no impact and that business continues to grow for us very nicely. So the team has done well executing the selling of NYCE across our financial institutions. We're seeing, just like Mike mentioned, good strong transaction growth in the first quarter across all of our Payments businesses, and of course, NYCE is going to be the recipient of that. Being a network, a lot of those transactions.
Nathan J. Novak - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Excellent, excellent. Good to hear. And the just last, housekeeping one for me. Do you have an assumption on the R&D tax credit implied with your 34% tax rate function? I mean, if that does not get passed, if that does not get renewed, does your tax rate guidance have to change?
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. I think we anticipate and plan for a -- it's not a huge impact for us. The tax, the R&D tax credit. But I would say, our team continues to look for other ways get benefits. So I think we're comfortable with the 34%.
Operator: And next we'll go to David Togut with Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Could you sort of walk us through, as you usually do, the unit pricing trends in Financial Solutions, going from Community Banks to mega banks, unit pricing and demand trends? And have you seen any change on a quarter-over-quarter basis?
Gary A. Norcross: You know, Dave, we really haven't. We watch this very closely. It's a very competitive environment out there. In the community bank markets, we continue to see the person with the most broadest comprehensive solutions, we see that as a competitive advantage. But with that being said, as you move up market, you get into more pricing compression and more competitive because more competitors start coming into the mix. So, honestly, we're not seeing any material change in that. We continue to see good growth in our sales pipeline. We're seeing good results out of our sales engine. The interactions we're having, not only with our clients, but our prospects are all positive. But at the end of the day, it's still a competitive market out there, and so we're not seeing any material change.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Have you seen any pickup in spending at the mega banks, just given the increased focused on growth that you highlighted earlier?
Gary A. Norcross: We are. Our conversations are increasing in that area as well. As we've shared on prior calls, we certainly, through this economic crisis, are now having conversations with the very large financial institutions that were different prior to the economic collapse. They were much more mono-line engaged. We were seeing -- where they would do a lot of their services in-house. And so as the result of that, we've seen a very nice increase in our professional services business through the LFI base. And we're also seeing our conversations broadened with regards to the type of solutions we're targeting. So we're very positive on what's going on in the LFI. I think we've shared before, we've got a dedicated team in that market, which has helped a lot. Capco has helped a lot as they come in and they're opening a lot of doors. So those moves, the move of Capco, the move of a dedicated sales force, the economic impact to the LFI's, conversations have definitely changed. And I think you're seeing it in the last several quarters in how much our professional services business has been growing and you'll see it in the future in our other sales as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Brett Huff with Stephens.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: One question. Can you just go through the security issue again? I know you outlined it pretty nicely, but I'm confused about sort of what triggered the investigation, what the findings were and then kind of what the remediation -- if there's remediation that needed to occur or is this -- kind of give us, can you just go through that again, for us, in more detail?
Gary A. Norcross: Sure. I'll be happy to do that, Brett. I mean, we've always taken security at FIS very seriously. As you know, we're regulated by the same government bodies that regulate financial institutions. Our review cycle is every 2 years. But in the interim year, they'll have an interim review. And so, based on the Sunrise management, we had 2 different third parties come in and review our whole enterprise. Because frankly, as being the largest FinTech provider we felt, if we could be exposed, honestly anybody could be. And so we realized the significance of this as an industry issue. We realized that we're helping our clients each and every day deal with these situations. So we wanted to bring in 2 comprehensive third-party reviews. We did that. As we've shared with you, we're implementing a lot of changes. We think they're all very positive. Some of them around staffing, some of them are around architecture. These are things that you're going to have to have ongoing. As we came through our interim review cycle, the regulatory body agreed that we need to make some changes. They decided to communicate that that to our clients. We've been in, really, constant communication with our clients on this topic. We're very proactive, we've been very transparent about all these issues. The conversations have been very positive. Our clients appreciate all we're doing and they realize the severity of what's going on in the industry and they appreciate us stepping up and taking care of these things. So we're continuing to work with the regulatory body as we always have and we are going to continue to implement our plans as we discussed at Investor Day and earlier.
Frank R. Martire: We just finished a client conference and we spent a lot of time with over 1,000 clients. I mean, we talked to them on this subject and all. And they just feel really good about the communication we've had with them, the progress we're making, the working relationship we have with them. And so that's going very, very well. And we have another client conference coming up soon and we expect the same results out of that.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then just one last issue. A little bit on the NYCE network again. Have you guys had any pin debit wins now that the network exclusivity has come into effect? Anything that you can tell us about?
Gary A. Norcross: No, as a mentioned earlier, we have. The sales team has just done an excellent job promoting our NYCE network. Not only across our client base but across other financial institutions that we don't have a major core, a major debit engagement with. And so, we have had some nice wins, and we continue to see good growth out of that business. We're also excited about some of the innovation that we're doing in that group as well, that we talked a little bit about at Investor Day, and there'll be more things coming. So all in all, we feel great about that business.
Operator: And next, go to Greg Smith with Sterne Agee.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Gary, can you talk a little bit about the card processing business in the U.S.? Are you guys moving upmarket at all and competing for maybe some larger portfolios with TSYS and First Data or are you kind of staying in the smaller end, as far as size of institutions?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Greg it's a good question. We've always had some sizable institutions, especially on our debit card business, and we continue to sell very effectively in that market. Our credit card business, we've got a number of large institutions. We are not seeing as much movement on credit card. Frankly, that's a pretty stable market. The clients we have, we're seeing growth on and so that business had a good year last year and we expect it to have a good year this year. But we absolutely believe we have a very, very competitive footprint in credit on the card side. So as we move, if and when that market starts evaluating alternatives, we'll certainly be positioned to take advantage of that. Of course, that has done very well in our international markets, as highlighted by the Brazil joint venture and some of the other announcements we made. Debit, as I said, we've always been strong in the, what we would consider larger institutions, and we continued to compete and win business there. Our prepaid business, also, we can't lose sight of that. We've got a nice balance of prepaid and we really have 2 platforms. We have a platform that's focused on community institutions and a platform that's really focused on very, very large issuers, and we have a huge position in that space. So across the board, the sales team, we think, continues to do a good job maximizing those opportunities.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Great. And then, Mike, on the 2 acquisitions. I apologize if I missed this, but have you given the revenue contribution we should expect and have those deals closed at this point?
Michael D. Hayford: They have both closed. We did not share the revenue expectation. And I think, again, on those deals, you can see the magnitude. $40 million in purchase price, they're smaller deals. They're specifically focused on targets, on -- sorry, private companies that have -- they're in areas where we expect to see a fair amount growth. You can see risk and compliance, as Gary talked about, is a fairly hot area for the marketplace. And the team there has built a nice strategy, they've identified a comprehensive solution and these are 2 things they wanted to go fill in, fill out that product suite. So, the goal is to get them, the relative early stage, and then to grow them aggressively using our distribution.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes, okay. So just your standard, good product, limited distribution, pumping through your distribution channel, grow it dramatically?
Frank R. Martire: Yes. Solid products and high demand by our clients also.
Gregory Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Perfect. Okay, and then just lastly, as we're looking to model 2Q, just anything special we should think about kind of 2Q relative to 1Q? We've got sort of a normal, seasonal uptick we expect in your business. But any other items in the year ago quarter, anything else we should be thinking about?
Michael D. Hayford: The only thing we called out is the cash payment to our JV partner in Brazil which, obviously, [ph] cash flow. But other than that -- again, I referenced that first quarter was a really strong, clean financial result. There wasn't anything unique or onetime nature in there. A real strong performance in Payments, so we're encouraged by that as we head in the second quarter, but there's nothing in the second quarter, particularly year-over-year, that would be of a nature to call out.
Operator: Our next question is from Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's actually Roman Leal in for Julio. First, I want to follow-up on the M&A theme. What are some other product sets that you would like to enhance or add to your suite of offerings or what are some of these other hot topics, hot areas in Financial Solutions?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Roman, this is Gary. I'll start and then I'm sure the other guys will want to chime in. But at the end of the day, what's nice about our transition to a more product-focused acquisition is the business lines are now reaching out and driving through their strategy a lot of these opportunities. But as we mentioned earlier, risk, fraud and compliance is a very, very exciting area. You've already seen us do 2 here. When you start thinking about some of the innovation that's going on around payments, innovation that's going on around mobile. There's some exciting concepts around that. So it's really based on our client demand. So as we talked about, when we were at our last conference, one of the great things is really getting that feedback from our clients. And we want these product acquisitions to not only be geared towards where our business lines want to see the strengths go. But also where our clients want us to take them and so it's a real nice mix across risk, across payments, across delivery. We've got some opportunities that we think would help to grow some of our international businesses along those lines.
Frank R. Martire: So, Roman, as we look at it, we just step back, we listen carefully to our clients. So we may decide to build it, put a lot into investment, as you know, for the future, for the clients. Or if in fact, the right thing is to acquire it, that's what we'll do. But it's always by listening to what the client's needs are.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And was slightly surprised to hear your commentary about the lack of activity in credit. Was that comment more specifically related to the large banks? Are you seeing that in large financial institutions or is that across-the-board?
Gary A. Norcross: No, I was dealing, specifically, on credit card new sales. I thought that was the question. Obviously, there's a lot of strong demand around some of the credit offerings on lending, consumer, commercial, especially small business. Seeing a lot of activity in that area. So I was addressing the comment strictly towards credit card sales in the large bank market and we haven't seen much movement in that area in recent years, where people are moving from one solution to another. But we do have a very, very competitive platform for credit card processing and actually have some large institutions.
Roman Leal - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just one last one on the International side. Can you just give anything you want to share on the pipeline? How strong that looks versus a year ago?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, as I mentioned -- I mean, the pipeline is very strong. We had a good quarter. As I said, it's always hard to predict because we have a higher percentage in international license fees, more software sales. So that's what gets some of the lumpiness in the quarters. But we had a good strong quarter in sales, we've got a good strong pipeline, we feel good about our double-digit growth going into the year. And so we feel good about it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I want to ask about Europe, I guess. Some of the IT services firms have been talking about some of the European firms being more open to outsourcing. I'm curious if you're seeing that at all? And if so, would the newer deals change in the way of mix shift between license sales to maybe more traditional processing or would you need to take over assets? I'm just curious what's happening on the ground because it seems like a lot is changing.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes. I mean we, I think, are fairly bullish on Europe. Notwithstanding the challenges that the economies have, as well as the FIs. We've seen the discretionary spend, particularly around Capco, continue to be very strong. So we look at that when institutions are spending on Professional Services, that's an indication that they are using discretionary dollars. Those are typically the first things they cut back on and we've, as we referenced, had a very strong quarter in that area. But we would agree with that sentiment. As the European banks continue to have pressure and financial pressures and have to look at ways to cut costs and do things differently, that they would be more open to outsourcing, more open to using a leverage model. We've seen that, in our FIS and Capco teams, working jointly over in Europe, sourcing a lot of opportunities. We haven't seen a lot of -- we've got a couple of relationships over there, that we've had, that are outsourced. I'd say the pipeline and activity is very active, we'd like to see some of those hit. But we think those institutions have to consider -- reconsider their model, look more out externally and look at a leveraged provider like FIS.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, we strongly believe that's the case and what makes us feel good, is we're well positioned for it, as Mike just talked about. Both for our current offerings and with the addition of Capco and the capabilities they have.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And Just on the Sunrise issue, just to clarify. I know there' been a lot of questions on that now. Could it have any impact on your client prospecting? I mean, I get that there's going to be more costs and things to deal with, but just on the prospecting side, how's that going to change?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, at this point in time, we haven't seen any change in that. I mean, as far as the cost, we had it build into our guidance for the full year. We've talked about that. We think you're going to have to have an ongoing diligence to these type of issues going forward. But as we mentioned, we had a very large conference last week. We had a lot of prospects there, the engagement was very, very strong. And so, as I said, the pipeline indicators, the sales results for Q1, we're confident in the year.
Michael D. Hayford: I think the reality is the institutions, they have to ask questions, they have to follow up as part of their vendor management plan. They are doing that. Our teams have to be more active communicating, as Frank and Gary have both talked about, we're out -- very transparent, proactive with them on the issue and then more importantly, what we're doing. It's good and bad. It's a lot of work, a lot more communication that we have to do, the sales teams have to work a lot harder. The good thing is we get in front those clients, in front of the executives, more frequently than we otherwise would. And as Gary mentioned, those conversations, we spend a portion of the conversation explaining what we're doing. And then you spend a portion of the conversation talking about what else we can do for you. But it is, it's more work, it's hard work and we got to keep hammering through that, throughout the year.
Frank R. Martire: And we just see it as the course of business, things we have to do and we'll continue to do.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. And I'm sorry you had to deal with it. Last one then I'll jump off. And a lot of questions on Durbin II. Just -- I know the VISA pricing strategy looks pretty aggressive to when the merchant business -- I'm curious, at a high level, without giving details, what else can you do beyond cutting price to sort of protect your base? I mean is there a chance to maybe bundle more network services with your core, I'm just curious if there's other creative ways to sort of deal with that situation.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. Now, that's exactly what we're doing, I mean, as I've said we've had great growth in that business over the last year. And we're doing a lot of bundling today. I mean we bundled it with our debit offerings, we've bundled it with our core offerings. We're doing some innovation, ourself, across that, that we are talking to clients about. And so as I've said, we've monitored it very close, because I think this question has come up on a number of calls. And as you would expect, we don't know what the impact of some of these things are going to be. You just have to monitor it. But so far, we've actually seen no impact through this process. And at the end of the day, it still comes back to offering the most comprehensive solution you can in the market. And those things work to our advantage given the fact that we have that.
Operator: And next we'll go to Ashwin Shirvaikar.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I guess, my first question is the trend towards outsourcing increasing, that's obviously good news. You've said the pipeline is strong a couple of times. I wanted to ask more about, if there's anything in the pipeline that's different in terms of size or complexity or margin profile or is it pretty much a normal looking pipeline?
Gary A. Norcross: No, we have a good solid pipeline across all of our markets. I would tell you we're seeing backdoor outsourcing. We're seeing stronger demand in global commercial services than what we've seen in the past. Once again, I think that's just our ability to leverage our scale on an outsourcing basis. So that's all positive. Our focus with Capco, in the LFI space, is starting to produce results as well. That's driving more services businesses and that will truly trend, over time, to more outsourcing as well. So we feel good about all the segments. The companies have come together very cleanly. We've got a very focused sales engine and the moves we feel we've made in the last year are starting to pay benefits across all of those segments.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And I can understand the beneficial EBITDA grow-over related to the Sunrise event last year, but your revenue growth also is above the range and that guidance not changed. Is that just being conservative with the outlook or is there anything in the timing of upcoming conversions?
Michael D. Hayford: No. I mean it's, we were just slightly over 5, our range is 3 to 5. We had a great start to the year. I mean we'll see how we do second, third quarter, but it's early in the year. Again, we're very excited about the strong start, as you referenced, both revenue and earnings. We'd rather start this way, obviously, than be having the other discussion. But it's a great start, it's in the bandwidth we expect.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And the other expense of, I think, $20.9 million. What's in there? I apologize if you already addressed that one.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, I mean, it's 2 things. One was refinancing costs where we issued the bonds, the $700 million of 5% bonds. And then we re-did our bank facility, our TLA and our revolver, and that's just financing debt -- or financing costs.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So that's onetime in nature?
Michael D. Hayford: Absolutely.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Last, I guess the Capco. Can you just remind me when the large client loss grow happened or has it already happened?
Michael D. Hayford: That was -- first, second quarter last year, they had the revenue, so it started hitting in the third quarter. Right now, it's kind of the peak of where they had strong numbers last year, that we're hitting, and they're doing a nice job.
Frank R. Martire: We're very pleased at the strength on the capital front, both on the European side and North America.
Operator: And next, go to Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: I was trying to understand maybe where bank spending is today versus it was last year. You've done a really good job. You look at the organic growth this quarter and it was very strong. And I'm trying to parse out execution versus market. I know this is a difficult question, but any thoughts on where maybe the market is growing relative to how you're doing?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I mean, if you break it up, in kind of the things we talked about, professional services continues to be very strong. We like that as an indicator, that banks are spending discretionary dollars. Again, when the market went down and went down fast, professional services went away quickly. So we've continued to see strength in that, which is an indication that banks are looking forward, doing projects, spending money. Payments, as you can see, strong, pretty good organic -- adjust for organic growth if you strip out the paper, north of 4%, which is pretty strong compared to last few quarters, and importantly the profits there. So we think that's volumes coming back. And then, again, Europe for us has continued to do quite well. Again, in a market that the economy and the banks are challenged but we think that's forcing change and forcing spending with companies like us. So I think it's probably the same message we've had in the last couple of years, steady incremental improvement. We don't expect it to take a big jump at any point, but we're encouraged that it continues to move forward.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. To build on that, Kart -- I mean, if you look at our sales success throughout 2011, obviously, we've had good steady execution from our business lines implementing those sales. Obviously, more outsourcing engagements take time, right? To go through the implementation and so there's a lag effect that these sales come online, and so we continue to see good movement in our sales engine. And as Mike said, the services engine and all that continues to positive, good steady growth.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: And then just, Gary, on the payments side. We see all the national banks offering mobile banking and wanting some of the other products. As far as community and regional banks, are you seeing the same type of demand for other products on the payment side as well or are they still being a little cautious on when you spend money on kind of ancillary products in that area?
Gary A. Norcross: No, not At all. We're seeing strong demand across all of our markets in the U.S., around mobile, around -- which we have a full solution set around mobile, not only payments but also mobile banking. We're seeing strong demand around some of the innovative products around payment wallets, etc., and all of those things we're well positioned on. So the community markets are starting. As we've shared in the past, there were 2 -- really, 2 types of institutions. There were institutions that were hanging on and there were institutions that had worked through, either their regulatory challenges and/or their economic challenges, and they were looking to spend. And naturally, they're looking at some of the new innovation coming online to help them compete. So you just got there a small institution that doesn't eliminate their need to compete with the large institutions, and so we're seeing good demand there.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Heckmann with Avondale Partners.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Can you talk about the -- again, with this letter from the regulatory bodies. You had talked about it being distributed to clients. Some of the media reports I read indicated that it was distributed to all domestic banks and credit unions. Is that correct?
Frank R. Martire: Well, we actually don't know. I mean, you'd have to ask the regulatory agencies around who they actually sent it to. We believe most of our clients got it. We have not been contacted by all of our clients. We've proactively sent out letters to our clients talking about this. Based on the interaction we have, we can't confirm that every single client we have has actually received a letter. And certainly, we don't know if all FIs have received that letter.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I guess the implication or -- well, it's a confidential letter, some of the language indicated that -- I guess, what I inferred was that the regulators were unhappy with the speed of your response to their October letter. Is that an accurate assessment?
Frank R. Martire: Well, I would actually say, no. It's probably slightly different. Again, to put it in context, that we had a breach a little over year ago. We discussed our breach, we've notified all the clients impacted, we were the only ones who had a financial loss. We talked about it on our call. And as Gary said, then we took numerous steps. Because, as good as you think you are in security, once you have a breach, you realize you have to get better. So we hired 2 different outside firms, we spent money and focus on improving security throughout 2011. The regulators came in as part of the normal process to come in and do an interim review in the fall of last year. That referenced us to something they had recommended we do organizationally. We have looked at that, we have done that. But the reference to -- we'd like you to have -- it was a really reporting on the tech service side, so they had suggested we do. And again, we've complied with that at this point. We haven't done it in October because we've been very focused on addressing and improving security up to that point.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then moving over to the discontinued operations in item processing. You're going about 2 years since you put that in discontinued operations. What do you think is the eventual outcome there? Is that something you might see wind down in the near future?
Michael D. Hayford: Yes. That's the Brazilian BPO, we call it, or Brazilian item processing, and actually, kind of back office lock box down in Brazil. That business is effectively shut down. We're working through labor claims down there, so it's employee claims that are just -- what's driving the cost. But the business itself, we divested some, the clients took pieces back in-house and then we shut others down. But the business operations are effectively shut down. We're simply dealing with claims out of labor disputes.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. And the labor rules, in Brazil, take typically about 3 years to work through. So it's a fairly long process in Brazil, and as Mike said, we're just working through that as a normal course.
Operator: And we'll go to Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So I just wanted to try reconcile some, I guess, commentary around the International business. You talk about being lumpy, but then you've got a mix towards services. So it seems like it's pretty positive. I'm wondering, if we think about pulling Capco into that equation and the mandates and the discussions that you're having, is it the conviction that you have, with those discussions in Capco, that have giving you the confident that International can get to the long-term number that you gave for the full year guide? Or do you see mandates in software that we didn't see -- that we can't see from here, that are also giving you that conviction? I'm just trying to see if they tie together at all.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Dan, we look at international holistically, including Capco. And consulting is growing very nicely in the European market. But our overall business on software and services is growing very nicely as well. Well, frankly, what gives us confidence is looking at the joined pipeline of both and we're seeing a strong demand and we've got -- we're having a lot of strong sales conversations today, across both, not only consulting but also Professional Services as Mike mentioned, as also software sales as indicated by the TouchPoint success in Thailand this quarter. So it's really just looking at the pipeline, looking how the sales teams are executing across the board, looking at our volumes growth. It actually is positive that we're seeing more swing towards more outsourcing and more services because that does give a much more stable base and easier to predict. But as you can see in that business -- I mean if a license fee slides from one quarter to the next, I mean, it can provide a lumpiness. So we're very confident in our double-digit growth for international and that's all based on the combined pipelines of all of our businesses.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just, I'm not going to beat this thing to death. But with Capco are you -- I'm just trying to think through the mandates that you would expect, right? Part of the reason you got this thing was to have these much higher-level discussions and it sounds like you're having those. So are these more holistic mandates that you're having at these discussion levels or are they still kind of piecemealing these things together?
Gary A. Norcross: No, not all. We're having some very, very broad discussions with a lot of our clients, very holistically, on how to materially transform these institutions and allowed them to be on a much more competitive basis. And I would tell you, those conversations have been very strong. As you would expect, these are big complex deals. And so we continue to work through them but the level of conversation we're having is exactly what we expected. We have had some success, as well, along those lines. And so we believe that the fundamental reason why we bought Capco still exists today, to drive broader conversations within the LFI market space, in both Europe and North America, and so we feel confident about that.
Frank R. Martire: And, Dan, that's working for us. And I think as we look at Capco, we look at it twofold. One is, the visibility and exposure, gets us at very senior levels and to all institutions globally, in conjunction with FIS. And secondly, don't forget Capco has its own independent plans and what it's doing as a business, that we're very pleased with, as we're going forward. So, on both fronts, we're feeling good about it.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. It sounds like it's been a good asset for you guys. On the Payments margin, again, being so much stronger. I'm trying to balance how much of that should we be thinking is really volumes coming back relative to cost takeout. Because I'm just wondering, if it's cost takeout is that something that we could see accelerate, in terms of margin expansion throughout the year, all else equal in volumes?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I mean, as we shared at Investor Day, we took some strong initiatives to address our cost, third and fourth quarter. We're seeing the results of that. We're also seeing good strong transaction volumes as well and you're seeing the leverage that comes out of a business like that. And so we're very confident in the Payments business. We're very pleased with the leadership we have there and what the results of that business is showing. We don't believe that the transaction volumes that you're seeing is going to require us to put those costs back in. I think it was a more -- we just made some changes to more effectively optimize those businesses. And so it just shows, not only the leverage of our operating model, which we talked about at Investor Day, but also the leverage of our revenue model as additional growth comes on.
Michael D. Hayford: I think, Dan, you kind just in the see the numbers, in terms of the overall revenue growth versus the earnings, just on a dollar. So you can -- I mean, the simple lever is those businesses have a high degree of leverage and so that incremental dollar revenue coming on, obviously, comes on a good margin. And so the paper revenues going away, as you can see. And the team has done a phenomenal job of managing profitability in the paper business, even as some of that revenues decline. But then as electronic transactions are coming on board, that is driving very high margin for us. So it's electronics business coming on board with the cost management driving very good profit.
Mary K. Waggoner: And I think we have one person waiting.
Operator: And that will be Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The financial segment, that's what surprised me the most this quarter. I think third quarter maybe was up 1%, fourth quarter maybe up 2%, now up 7%. I just want to be sure, what's driving that acceleration and how sustainable is it?
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Bryan, it's a good question. We're actually, once again, it sounds like a broken record. But we're kind of seeing it across all segments. We're having good growth in professional services, which is really hitting our financial institution business there. We're also seeing nice processing wins all throughout last year, so we're seeing on-boarding there. We're seeing global commercial services, which rolls into that business. We've seen some very nice uptick, IT outsourcing for a number of existing customers and expansion of those responsibilities and then the final area is we're seeing Capco come through their grow-over with their loss of that significant client. So really, all 3 of those areas are working very well to help with the revenue. Based on what we see in our pipeline, based on the activities, we feel good about that business going forward or that segment going forward.
Michael D. Hayford: Bryan, I think we talked about this in the third and fourth quarter calls. The third and fourth quarter had very challenging grow-overs, license businesses, license deals that we had in '10 that didn't materialize in '11. Big license deals. And so I think, even on third quarter and fourth quarter, when the growth wasn't as strong as we'd like to see, we talked about not being concerned but that was more of a grow-over challenge and then you can see that bouncing back in first quarter. So again, we're pleased with the start to the year of, really across the board.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And can you guys by quantify the increase you saw year-over-year in license sales and Professional Services?
Michael D. Hayford: In first quarter, you're talking about? I mean the grow-over -- third and fourth quarter was a challenge in the license we that had, which took the growth down. First quarter, Professional Services was 11% growth year-over-year. I don't think first quarter license was materially different than last year. But again, it was more that third and fourth quarter had that drop on license versus '10. That's made those growth numbers lower.
Mary K. Waggoner: Thanks, and we're out of time this morning. Thank you very much for joining us. We appreciate your participation.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Frank Martire - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Gary Norcross - Chief Operating Officer Mark Owen Davey - Executive Vice President of International Operations James Susoreny - Executive Vice President of Business Development Rob Heyvaert - Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Barton B. Hooper - Wallace R. Weitz & Co. Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst
Mary K. Waggoner: Good morning. If we could have everyone take their seats, we'll get started. My name is Mary Waggoner, I'm Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for FIS. I'd like to welcome all of you who have gathered with us in Orlando this morning. Thank you for making the trip. We'd also like to welcome, and thank those of you who are participating via webcast. We've modified the format of this year's event in a couple of ways. First, we are hosting FIS Investor Day 2012 in conjunction with our Global Leadership Summit. So in addition to our guests from the investment community, we are joined by more than 300 of our leaders from around the world. We're very excited to have all you with us and hope that you will find today's presentation insightful and informative. Second, we will begin the day with a discussion of fourth quarter and full year 2011 results. The earnings press release and supplemental slide presentation have been posted on our website at fisglobal.com. The 2012 presentation will be posted on the website in approximately 30 or 40 minutes, and we'll make copies available in the room at that time. Joining me on stage are Frank Martire, Chief Executive Officer; Gary Norcross, Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Hayford, Chief Financial Officer. The next 30 minutes or so will include prepared remarks read by Frank, Mike and Gary on our -- covering our 2011 operating and financial results. Then we will transition to the 2012 strategy discussion and financial outlook. There will be a 30-minute Q&A session for the investment community at the end of both presentations, and we ask that you hold your questions until that time. We'll take questions from the leadership team later this afternoon and tomorrow. And we will conclude today's -- this morning's event with a topic table reception, where members of the investment community will have an opportunity to interact with several additional members of our leadership team. And that will be in the Crystal Ballroom, just immediately across the hall, where you all were for breakfast this morning.  Now I'd like to direct your attention to Slide 4 for the Safe Harbor commentary. Please note that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. The statements are subject to risk and uncertainties as described in our filings with the SEC. FIS undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future or otherwise, except as required by law. In addition, today's discussion will include comments and references to non-GAAP financial results in order to provide you with more meaningful comparisons for the periods presented. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP results are available in the earnings press release, which is located on the tables in front of you, and are also posted on our website, fisglobal.com.  Now, I'll turn the presentation over to our CEO, Frank Martire. Frank?
Frank Martire: Thank you, Mary. Sorry, I didn’t leave time for the applause there. Thanks, Mary. Good morning. I'd like to welcome you to the event, the investment community to Orlando. Thank you for being here. Those on the webcast, all the FIS global leaders out there, welcome. We hope you find it to be, as Mary said, very informative and insightful. We're pretty excited about our company and our future, and we hope you will be too. I will begin the presentation with a quick overview of our financial results and business highlights for 2011. Gary will follow with the operations report, and Mike will provide additional insight into our fourth quarter and full year results.  2011 was another strong year for FIS, and I'm pleased with the progress we are making to execute our global business strategy. We continue to build global scale, finishing the year with more than $5.7 billion in revenue and $1.7 billion in EBITDA. We generated adjusted net earnings of $698 million and $1.2 billion in operating cash. The team is doing a nice job executing our business plan, as evidenced by 5% organic top line growth and 12% growth in earnings per share in 2011. Organic growth has steadily improved since 2009, led by strong results within our international business. International revenue increased to $1.2 billion in 2011, and grew 22% organically for the year driven by strong performance in both the FIS and Capco businesses. Our international business continues to play a key role in our growth strategy, and we are excited to have surpassed the $1 billion milestone.  Importantly, we maintained our focus, generating new sales and expanding existing client relationships. We are very pleased to announce our new agreement with the Royal Bank of Canada to establish this new direct bank in the U.S. This is the first of what we believe will be many joint initiatives between FIS and Capco. Gary will provide more detail on the project later in the presentation. FIS has consistently delivered strong financial results in one of the most challenging environments in banking history. Revenue has increased from $3.4 billion in 2008 to more than $5.7 billion in 2011, or approximately 20% per year on a compounded basis. EBITDA has increased by 27% on average, and the EBITDA margin has increased 480 basis points during that time. And we have consistently delivered mid-teens EPS growth. These strong results illustrate the strength of our business model and our ability to execute. We have also been very disciplined in allocating capital. While we continue to invest for growth, our ability to leverage investments across our global enterprise has resulted in more efficient use of capital. We also continue to strengthen our balance sheet. We've reduced our debt by $382 million in 2011, and improved the leverage ratio to approximately 2.8x at year end. And our strong free cash flow enabled us to return approximately $460 million in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends in 2011. As noted in yesterday's press release, our Board of Directors increased the annual dividend to $0.80 per share and also approved the new $1 billion share repurchase program. These actions reflect our confidence in our business outlook and our commitment to further enhancing shareholder returns. We continue to feel very good about our business. As you will hear throughout today's presentation, we are highly focused on driving growth and margin expansion, while continuing to invest in the future. We will continue to be very disciplined in managing our capital, and we are committed to enhancing shareholder value. Our success is tied directly to the hard work, dedication of our employees and how well we serve our clients. I would like to take this opportunity to personally thank our leadership team, many of whom are with us this morning, and our 33,000 employees worldwide. I would also like to thank our clients, who depend on us and trust us to keep their business running every day.  Now, I will turn it over to Gary for the operating highlights. Gary?
Gary Norcross: Thanks, Frank, and thanks to everyone for being with us today. We have a lot of material to cover, so I'll provide a brief overview of the fourth quarter operating highlights in order to spend more time discussing our business strategies in the next presentation.  Overall buying decisions strengthened in the fourth quarter both on a sequential and year-over-year basis. We continue to experience solid demand for outsourced processing, back office support and professional services as clients seek to leverage our scale and broad service capabilities. As we discussed during last year's investor update and all throughout the year, we think we have a great opportunity to gain more share in the large financial institution market space. We experienced strong sales growth within this market in the fourth quarter on a year-over-year and sequential basis, which points that the investments in our sales force for this market are paying off. We continue to be the provider of choice for direct banks in North America. Barclays Bank, one of our large outsourced clients in the U.K., will use our core solution for their new direct bank in the U.S. And as Frank mentioned earlier, we are very pleased to announce that FIS and Capco were selected by RBC to assist in establishing its new direct bank to serve its cross-border clients in the U.S. The project scope, which included defining the targeted operating model, building interfaces between multiple internal and external systems and operating the core banking platform on an outsourced basis, demonstrates our ability to deliver transformation in the market and clearly differentiates FIS from other technology providers and large-scale system integrators. Both RBC and Barclays are great examples of the power of our global go-to-market strategy. The investments we had made to integrate our solutions continue to provide FIS with a key competitive advantage in all the markets we serve. We supported more than 100 core platform conversions in North America during 2011. As we have discussed in the past, these relationships drive meaningful pull-through revenue including payments, back office support and professional services. We continue to invest in early-stage and emerging technologies to drive innovation. We experienced strong growth in our mobile client base throughout 2011, including People's United Bank and BMO Harris in the fourth quarter. We surpassed 1.5 million mobile endpoints in 2011, and we continue to expect rapid growth within this channel.  We are also having great success with our bill payment solution. We converted more than 270 institutions to our platform during 2011, and have a strong conversion pipeline heading into 2012. In addition, we are seeing continued strength in our Internet banking and next-generation core solutions. Our international business continues to produce very strong results. As Frank discussed, international revenues surpassed the $1 billion mark in 2011, and now represents 20% of the total company. We continue to benefit from strong card growth in Brazil, where we are processing more than 50 million cards. We also saw strong growth in Europe in both the traditional FIS business, as well as Capco's European practice. We continue to view Europe as a great place to do business given the size of the market, the strategic relationships that we have with our clients and the opportunity to capture additional share.  I am very pleased to report that ING recently committed to FIS as its enterprise-wide core banking provider. We are making great progress leveraging our Payment Solutions internationally. We continue to win share in debit, and are also pleased with the success of our U.K. prepaid platform, which we acquired through the Metavante acquisition. We added 20 new clients to the U.K. platform in 2011 and were recently named the leading prepaid organization for the U.K. in Europe. In short, it was another good year for our company. We continue to execute our global sales strategy.  I'd like to leave you with the following thoughts before turning the discussion over to Mike.  We continue to see investment decisions being made and are encouraged by the fourth quarter sales and solid momentum going into 2012. We are winning new deals and expanding existing client relationships. We believe international will continue to be a growth engine for our company. We remain bullish on our European business, and we are excited about the opportunities we have for continued growth in all the markets we serve. Our focus on innovation, new product development and enhancements including mobile, bill pay and loyalty offerings is producing tangible benefits and driving strong profitable growth for our company. While we believe that 2012 will continue to be a year of transition for the financial industry, we believe the outlook is improving, and we are confident that we will continue to win share and lead the market.  Now I'll turn it over to Mike.
Mark Owen Davey: Thanks very much, Mike, and good morning, everybody. Mike just asked us to spend a few minutes talking about what leadership means for FIS and particularly, I think it's important in the context that the meeting this morning, which we’ve just had, which is about our earnings results, and of course, the meeting we've got coming up right now, which is about our strategy, are just 2 meetings in a series of meetings we're having this week. Right after we finish this meeting, we have our annual leadership conference, which is a conference we have every year, where we assemble the top 300 people in the company, who really set the tone and direction for the organization overall. And putting 300 people together in an event such as this from literally all around the world, from Brazil, London, Singapore, Australia is a real big investment in terms of time but it shows really, how seriously we take leadership as an organization.  And our conference this year actually has 3 themes. And these 3 themes are out of our guiding principles, which really drive everything that we do. The first one we're going to be talking about -- the first theme, which we're going to take is about our strategy and the execution of our strategy, and you'll be hearing more about that in the next presentation. Secondly, we're also going be talking about some of the operational things that we're doing as an organization to further improve the quality of service and the quality of the products that we offer to our clients. And the final thing is, we're actually going to be talking about our focus on clients. And we're actually going to be hearing some of our clients and sharing their opinions and views about us, how we can actually continue to improve those relationships that we have with our clients going forward. So it's a very exciting time for us. And as part of that agenda, we actually are really looking forward to sharing our ideas and our thoughts and actually driving the strategy of the business as we go forward. After the leadership conference, we're then moving on. And we actually have a sales conference, which is our Global Sales Conference, where we get together all the people who are involved in sales for the company and we plan for next year as well as celebrate, of course, the success of 2011. So with that, could I ask Jim to go through comments about his views on leadership.
James Susoreny: Thank you, Mark. My name is Jim Susoreny, I'm an Executive Vice President. I manage the sales and client management function here at FIS. So as Mark just referenced, this is a big week for us here, all week long. But now that we've been ranked #1 on the annual FinTech 100 list as a company, we continue to become the company that our clients and prospects come to and look for, for not only the IT solutions but for strategic thought leadership. So these companies from the standpoint of an institution size, all institutions, from de novos to the largest global institutions. They can be confident with our leadership position that the projects that we engage with them will have a successful completion, and these are projects from transformational-type industry projects to company transformation projects, all the way through to department transformation within a company. Being the leader really does one thing for us. It gives us access, so that as a sales and client management force, we can get access to the decision-makers, to the executives, not only of our current client base but of our new account opportunities. As you all know, a significant amount of our business comes from our current client base and cross-sell.  So I'll tell you, the key for us though, is once a prospect becomes a client, it's to nurture the relationship and nurture the relationship not only around solutions and service but more importantly around people and strategic thinking. And one way we do that is in a meeting like this, as Mark mentioned. But in the sales meeting following, what we do is educate. We train and we arm our sales and client management force with the tools necessary for them to not only complete their annual plans but to work on the strategic multiyear plan with their clients. All meant to meet our clients’ business objectives. I want to personally thank you all for your time today, and I want to turn it over to my colleague, Rob Heyvaert.
Rob Heyvaert: Good morning. My name is Rob Heyvaert, I'm the Chairman and CEO of Capco, and it's a real pleasure to be here. I joined the family about a year ago. And they've asked me to make a few comments on leadership and actually mainly leadership looking into the future. What does the future hold for banks, and what does the future hold for a company like ours and how important is it to be a leader and how important it is to have scaled size global reach to get there. In order to understand that, I think we need to have a backdrop. And the backdrop is the financial services institutions are, really, today in an area they've never been before. The margins are compressing. There's huge regulation coming from every side. There's actually, I would even argue, a tremendous amount of confusion for what's going on in the industry. The return on equity is going down dramatically, and it's really not sustainable. Often people think that a recovery will make and fix everything. This time around, for financial institutions, it's a very different story. It's a story about cost takeouts, but it's also a story about keeping up to hyper-connectivity and social media. As a result of that, a company like ours have never been more relevant than today. There is tremendous transformation going on.  You could probably argue, you could compare it to the manufacturing industry, where financial institutions have stopped doing everything the same like bank A, like bank B and like bank C is doing for the very simple reason that they cannot afford it. It's unaffordable. As a result of that, a company like ours, who gets in very early with the Capco acquisition, having a conversation at the top of the house with a C level executive going all the way to the execution of operations and technology. That full stack is what we call leadership. That full stack implemented at a local level in Canada, in the U.S. but at a global level in Asia or Europe. As a result of that, I would argue that this company is better positioned than anybody else to be a trusted partner and have the scale to work with financial institutions. As a result of that, institutions will stop doing a lot of stuff themselves. They will rely on FIS, its ability to run in a secure way operations and technology businesses for the clients. We will have a difficult market for banks in the future, but FIS will profit tremendously, we believe, from that difficulty. And we will help financial institutions to take out roughly $500 billion of costs because that's what it takes to get back to return on equity. We feel very bullish about the future.  It's a pleasure to have you, and I hope my colleagues will give you an interesting morning about the future of FIS. Thank you.
Mary K. Waggoner: Okay. We're now ready to move into the 2012 strategy discussion and financial outlook. I'm going to stall for just a moment because the 8-K has not yet been filed with the 2012 presentation. As soon as that is up and available, we'll pass out the books. But we can go ahead and get started with the beginning portion of the presentation.  We will -- Frank will lead off with a strategy discussion followed by Gary Norcross. And Mike Hayford will come up again to talk about business strategy, growth strategy and financial outlook. Then we will have an executive panel to handle Q&A for about 30 minutes, and then proceed on over to the Crystal Ballroom for the topic table discussions. For the investment community, there are surveys for you to fill out. We would really appreciate you're doing that, we value your input. Anything we can do in terms of timing flow, format, information that we provide for next year's Investor Day, we would welcome your input. So if you would fill those out as we go throughout the day, Laurie [ph] and team will pick those up and will summarize those results and use that for feedback for the next event. So with that, I'll ask Frank Martire to come back up to the stage.
Frank Martire: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, again. Thanks again, Mark, Rob and Jim. Very nice job of talking about leadership and our company and our future. So I thought I'd give you an update on our key strengths in the company and our strategy and our focus, always a focus on our performance.  I'll start with our key strengths. The question always asked, why? Why invest in FIS? Our market leadership position. Jim talked about it a little bit a few moments ago. Our clients know who we are. Even ones who aren't our clients know who we are, they respect us. They know us, they know we'll deliver and we get references from our clients every day. That is so powerful to us in the marketplace.  We have high recurring revenue. Over 80% of our revenue is recurring. Stable growth, consistent stable growth in a company. And we know that will continue because we have the confidence in our company and the confidence in our clients.  Strong EPS growth. We do mid-teens EPS growth historically. We don't talk about the future and what it's going to be. We talk about our history and what we've done because that gives credibility when we do talk about the future.  Very strong cash generation. We generate cash, strong cash flow, and value-enhancing capital allocation. Our $1 billion share repurchase announcement and agreement and authorization, $1 billion. And we increased our dividends from $0.20 to $0.80 a year. Commitment to our shareholders, commitment to add value.  So where is FIS today? Our revenues, $5.7 billion. EBITDA, top line’s growing, bottom line growing. EBITDA, $1.7 billion. Very strong operating cash flow, $1.2 billion. Over 14,000 loyal clients in over 100 countries worldwide and 33,000 of the best employees in the world. Our leadership position has been recognized. We're #1 on the FinTech 500 -- 100, #1. We're in the Fortune 500, the Forbes 2000. And Barron's is an interesting one that we're very proud of. We rank #3 ahead of some very, very prestigious companies. And it's based on cash flow return on investment, primarily cash flow return on investment over a 3-year period of time, we rank #3. Very proud of those results. We are a global company. But when we talk about it, we don't talk about being in different regions and having a client or 2. We're talking about meaningful in each region, a meaningful presence in each region. So if you look at North America, we're a leading core and payment processing company. 15,000 employees, 80% of our revenue, as I talked about, recurring and focus obviously in the U.S. and Canada.  If you look at Europe, again, core and payment processing. Over 2,000 employees, large presence. Focus in the U.K., Germany, France, Western Europe, no exposure in some of the less financially stable countries like Greece. We’re in Western Europe and growing in the U.K., Germany, France. You look at Latin America. We're the #1 third-party processor in Brazil. #1, second to none. Asia Pacific, we do core and payment processing. 6,000 employees. Australia, India, China, Thailand, large presence. We truly are a global company. We have a very strong track record of execution. At the end of the day, it's what have you done and then what are you going to do for me. So let's talk about what we've done.  We've grown from $3.4 billion to $5.7 billion from 2008 to 2011 top line. 20% CAGR. What about the bottom line? $800 million to $1.7 billion, 27% EBITDA growth CAGR. 27% 2008 through 2011 and 480 basis point margin expansion. And I talked about it, mid-teens EPS growth. So that's what we've done, consistently grown this company, top line, bottom line.  We're first in financial technology. We're very client focused. Anybody you talk to in this company will talk about our focus on our clients. They are our future. We have the domain expertise. We know the business. We know the banking business, financial institution business, we know it. Our clients expect us and respect us for that. We have thought leadership. Rob talked about it a little bit. Our clients want to know how we're going to keep them competitive, not just today but 3 years from now and 5 years from now and what they need to do. And then, that we'll have the innovation of products to get them there. But clearly, that we know how to help them get there.  Our employees, we get the best. Top talent in the industry. Results-oriented people. We give them career advancement opportunities. We take care of our employees because they're our most precious asset, and they are our future. We're the investment of choice, we really believe that. Look at our financial performance historically and what we talk about going forward. We have disciplined capital allocation. You've seen that, we've delivered on that on our capital allocation, talking about the share repurchase authorization, talking about our dividends increase and superior value creation for our shareholders. We keep our shareholders in mind all the time. We focus on our clients and we focus on our employees because we know and we truly believe at the end of the day, if we do those 2 things, we will clearly take care of our shareholders. Moving on to our strategy. So look at FIS and what's happened over the last decade, the last 10 years. We were in a major acquisitive mode. We did a lot of acquisitions 2003 to, say, 2009. So why did we do that? We needed size, we needed scale. We needed to grow our market presence. We needed products for our clients. The way to do that and get there as fast as possible was by being acquisitive, and that's what we did. That was our focus. But then our clients said to us, you’ve got the products now, you have the scale, you have the size, you need to integrate it all for value to us. So we spent that time, 2009 to 2011 approximately, integrating, integrating, integrating, making it seamless for our clients. Adding true, true value for our clients.  Now what we've got to do going forward? We're going to optimize that environment, make it cost effective, cross-sell our products, generate new revenue, optimize our expense base. So if you look at it, it's 3 phases strategically. One from an acquisitive phase, one through an integration phase and a build and then one clearly to an optimization. Our 4-point strategy. Expand our client relationships. We'll buy, build or partner to add solutions. Lead market through transformation and continuously improve and drive margin expansion. I'm going to talk briefly to each. So we're looking to expand our global reach with all of our clients, in all the regions of the world. So look in North America. I'll give you a couple of examples of clients. People's Bank in Bridgeport, Connecticut is about a $28 billion institution. And they converted in our system in 2010, and Jack Barnes is the CEO there, and I've got to meet Jack in 2008. And Jack said to me, "You know what, we've never outsourced in the long, long history of People's Bank in Bridgeport, never outsourced, we ran in-house. That's what we do. Why should I even consider being able -- outsourcing with you besides cost optimization, being cost effective, why should I be able to trust you?" We started that dialogue in 2008, and the reason why I bring it up is, you don't just go out to these large institutions and say overnight, I could save you money. I could save you a few dollars, so come with me. They got to get to know you. They got to get to trust you. They have to believe in you and your people and your products before they'll even consider going on our system. Those are the types of relationships we build.  First Niagara Bank, $30 billion institution, keep growing that. John Petrey is going be here with our leadership team. Gary has known him a long time. Built a long, long-term relationship with him. Talking about the benefits of this partnership with FIS. RBC, we've got the existing new direct bank agreement. Fantastic agreement for this company. How do you build them? You build them on strong relationships. Europe. ING has committed to FIS as their global platform. Think about that. ING, as their global platform, phenomenal for us. The National Australia Bank. We have relationship with them, not only in the U.K. and in Australia, and Bruce Jennings is here from the U.K. Mark Davey has built a long-term relationship with him, and he'll address our leadership team also. Tremendous loyalty.  Latin America. We process more than 50 million cards through our JV there, 50 million. Bradesco, who our partner is there, launched the ELO card earlier this year, private label card. They’ve signed already over 400,000 people to that card base. We continue to outsource there. We continue to build the business. We continue to have a great leader there for us in Brazil in Reginaldo Zero, who's with us today. Just fantastic growth business for -- a great story for FIS. Asia Pacific. Bank of India and Union Bank, they're driving approximately 3,000 ATMs with us. We've launched a new prepaid card for Woolworths, Australia's largest retailer. In China, we do core processing for about 15 banks. In Thailand, 8 of the top 10 banks do their core processing with FIS.  So when we talk about our presence in all these regions, we're not talking about a small presence or having a few people land it. We're talking about significant presence and significant growth opportunities. Buy, build or partner. This is pretty easy for us. We do all 3. Whatever brings the product to our customers, with the optimal product as quickly as we can and as efficient as we can is the way we'll go. We're not prejudiced to buying, building or partnering. We will do what we need to do to take care of our clients and we will invest, and we will continue to invest into the future. And we're leading through transformation. Rob talked about the thought leadership. Our clients come to us and yes, we have to have product. But they start by saying to us, okay, help me get where I need to be. And maybe sometimes, where exactly do I need to be. We depend on you, FIS. You need to help us with these answers. You need to partner with us. As to where we need to be, how we're going to get there. Where we are today, where we need to be, how we're getting there and then, do you have the products to make sure that we could be highly competitive and that's what we do for our clients. So that truly is a transformation. We're not just out there selling products. We're selling thought leadership, okay. We're being -- truly being the partner and then we have the domain expertise. You have to have it. You have to have the industry knowledge. You have to have the leaders in your company from the very top on down, spending their career in the financial institution business. That's where they should be because that's what they expect of us, not being in some other industry. This is the industry they expect us to have knowledge in. And continuous improvements to drive margin expansion. You know what, day-to-day. We talk about optimization, cost optimization, driving expansion and I talked about the 480 basis points of expansion. And you say, how do you get there? Do you just sit down and say, this is it for this year or the next year. No, we do it during the budget cycle. We do talk about it, but we do it every day. We make sure we optimize our business every day in the best interest of our clients and the organization and the shareholders. And we discuss it during the annual budget cycle, so we have targets. And we're talking about a target going forward in future years, of 30 to 50 basis points improvement every year. And that's what we expect. We expect our organization to deliver and our leaders, and we do. And we do it in such a fashion that we give even better service to our clients. One final thought, our focus on performance. So you look at our company, we have high recurring revenue. We've demonstrated that in the past, we will continue to in the future, with stable growth, over 80% recurring. Continuous margin expansion. The 480 basis points we talked about, the 30 to 50 going forward, continuous margin expansion. Strong EPS growth, mid-teens EPS growth. Very, very strong cash flow. And we focused on the use of our cash flow. Our debt repayment, we discussed today. The dividends going from $0.20 to $0.80. The share repurchase authorization of $1 billion. Focused on enhanced shareholder return. So as we look at our company, why are we excited? We're excited because we have over 300 leaders here today, talking to you with excitement and how excited they are about the future of this company. We're excited because our clients are so loyal to us, and our clients go out of their way to give references to us and talk about this great company. That's why we're excited about the future of FIS.  I want to thank you for your time. And now, I'm going to turn over to Gary Norcross, our Chief Operating Officer. Thank you.
Gary Norcross: Well, good morning. I'm really looking forward to spending the morning with you. As you guys might know, my name is Gary Norcross, Chief Operating Officer. I've been with the company 23 years. And before I get into the presentation, I'm kind of just cut to the punchline. When you look at our position in markets, as many of the people have talked about, when you look at our solutions set, when you look at what's going on in the economy and how everything is driving in our direction of this company we built out, I've never been more excited in my career to be part of a company. And I think if you look around at more than -- our more than 300 leaders, it clearly defines the results that Frank talked about earlier, has been brought by these people in this room. We've got the finest leadership group in the industry, bar none. I'll put them up against anybody. And so the outlook is very, very bright for FIS, and we're very excited about where we're going. But that being said, I do want to talk about a number of areas for us. I want to talk about market and market positioning. I think it's important to understand, there are different markets in the financial institution place, in the financial institution marketplace. And a lot of people talk about their desire to go in international markets or go into LFI. You can't understand how much time that takes and how much commitment that takes. Some of these markets take years or decades to break into. And I want to talk about our positioning in those. I also want to talk about our strategic execution. Frank laid out at a high level our strategy, but how do we implement it. How do the 300 people in this room, how are they going to go forward and implement this strategy and we're going to talk about that. And then finally, how do you drive performance through that. How do you get the margin expansion, the free cash flow that continue to allow you to invest back in solutions.  So with that, let's jump into the market segmentation. This is how we view the market. So if you think about it, all of these markets are very strategic. We feel it is very important for us to participate in all markets because there are certain markets that might have issues that others don't and for us to be distributed across all the markets is a key differentiator for us. If you look at less than $10 billion, clearly, very strong competitive position and I'll talk about the attributes of each of these markets in a minute, but we've got a very strong competitive position. There are a lot of competitors here. As I mentioned, we did over 100 conversions in this space last year. We talked about in the earnings call. Our large financial institution market's a very important one. We're going to give you some framework of what's going on in that market, the growth characteristics of that market, some things we're very excited about. Clearly, we've got the leading market position there, and it's growing based on our 2011 results. We've talked so much about international but international is such a key differentiator for us. Under the leadership of Mark Davey and his team and the Capco European practice, what we're accomplishing in the international markets are really second to none.  And then non-financial, I won't talk a lot about non-financial today, not because it's strategic. The reality is, what we're doing in non-financial is we're going into adjacent markets where we can leverage our assets and technology. So a great example of that would be we’ve, obviously, built out the largest outsourcing footprint in North America. We've got the largest, most strategic data centers that exist in the industry. We take that industry footprint, and we're able to deploy that into other markets, at really very nice revenues and very nice margins. What that allows us to do is underwrite our costs, right, for delivery back into the financial institution marketplace and allows us to drive leverage. So non-financial is a very strategic area of focus for us as well. Let's look at the various attributes of the markets. Less than $10 billion, talked about this, large number of institutions in North America here. We're seeing this market segment decline at a rate of about 3% to 5% per year whether it's FDIC closures or acquisitions, this market's going to consistently decline at about that rate. Lots of competitors in this space. In a minute, we'll talk about the evolution of the markets and where people are and their buying habits. But at the end of the day, these banks are looking for single source providers. They're absolutely looking for ways that they can compete with the large institutions, and they have to leverage their buying power with a single solution provider. At the end of the day, our advantage is very, very strong market position here. Very highly rated products. Frank talked about, we do a lot of surveys through our clients. And we get valuable feedback from our clients on how we're performing. What's their loyalty to us, but not only that, just how our product’s functioning and what comes back year in and year out is just how much our products mean to our clients and how well they perform. We're increasing market share in here. As I said, over 100 conversions just last year alone. The great thing about all of these markets I'm talking about is really our sales force and the ability to deploy our sales force across these various markets but more to come on that later. If you look at the $10 billion, I should have mentioned on the less than $10 billion, projected spend of about $24 billion, you'll see various numbers. You can see the source of what we're including there. Not as fast a growth there. Frankly, we still have some elements of clients that are less than $10 billion that are struggling to hold on, right? I mean they're struggling to figure out how to survive. We're starting to see a lot more clients buy in that space but still an element of clients that are struggling. In the greater than $10 billion, about 100 institutions, 98 to be exact today, very sophisticated buyers. As you get larger and larger in that space, clearly, the buyers are very sophisticated. They understand their product needs. They understand their solution needs. They're starting to spend more and more around services. As Rob talked about, a lot of things going in this segment, specifically, where they've made some decisions that are very tough for them. So at the end of the day, we're seeing a lot -- very high increase in services spend. We're seeing more and more clients look towards outsourcing or ways to get leverage out of this. The nice thing about where FIS is positioned, and this is why I'm so positive on where we are as a company, is our market strength is growing here and we truly do have credibility here. Frank mentioned People's United Bank. If you think about large-scale transformation projects that have gone on in the last 2 years, I really can't think of anybody other than FIS that’s delivered them. And that reputation is building. And there are countless examples of failed implementations in this space. And so at the end of the day, if you're going to make a decision to go for a transformation project, you want these 300 people pulling on your rope for you. You want them to get that implementation installed and across the line, and we've got a proven track record of doing that. So very, very important and with that credibility, we're able to continue to cross sell. We actually, last year, talked about redeploying some of our resources in the sales engine under Jim Susoreny and focus more on LFI, which is one of our strengths of our leveraged sales force. We did that. And interesting enough, our sales increased by almost 60% in this segment alone last year on contract value. So you see the benefit and the flexibility of our sales force.  When you think about international, very important segment to participate in as well, and one of the things I tell everybody, as I mentioned earlier, these things take time to get into. You can't sit around. When our competitors say, "Hey, we're going to go international," I immediately think I'll see you in 20 years. It takes years to build out, decades to build out a presence in these countries, a solution set that will meet these individual country needs, to gain credibility and break in those markets. Clearly, our largest competitor here is in-house developed in the international market. We've seen limited outsourcing to date, but then when you look where outsourcing is occurring, FIS is the chosen solution provider, whether it's our joint venture in Brazil where we’re the largest third-party outsourcer of card processing, the Barclays Bank that we talked about where we've outsourced consumer lending. And we've got countless examples of that but still, outsourcing is more at its infancy. Very large market at $131 billion, certainly our highest growth area, and make no surprises, it's going to continue to be our highest growth area as a company. Our global distribution network that we built out is really second to none. Going forward, we want to continue to expand our products, but we have the broadest products available now in the international market place, and our size and scale are definitely differentiators and advantages.  So I’ve talked about the sales force. Let's tee this up. I mean, at the end of the day, we have more than 650 sales professionals. And as Mark and Jim mentioned earlier, they're coming here on Wednesday. So we've got our leadership community in over the next 2 days, we'll be talking about our strategy, we'll be talking about execution against 2012 and beyond, product innovation. Now -- then we'll bring in our sales force, more than 600 people will be here, and we'll be discussing our go-to-market plans, redeploying resources in where we see market activity that's appropriate. How to drive new product through that engine. We've proven, and I'll talk in a minute about our innovation around our product life cycle. We've proven the more products that we produce that meet our clients' needs, putting it through our sales force really is an unprecedented advantage for us, and we see great lift. And as I mentioned earlier, just being able to shift those resources from certain markets to LFI last year, seeing that 60% bump. So those are the kind of things that this engine allows us to do, this distribution capability. What's interesting is the economy is helping. I mean, Rob was talking about the economy and some of the things that banks are dealing with. And if you think about it, it could be pretty dire, right? I mean, how are the banks going to survive in this space. I can assure you they will, but there are a lot going on. There's multiple pressures coming from every angle. A lot of banks in the large FI and in international markets are struggling with past decisions. When their profitability was growing, they really didn't reconcile in their mind what is my underlying solution architecture need to be. How do I need to pull this together so I can deliver future value and compete. These past decisions are weighing very heavily. In fact, recently, I was at a very large bank in North America and they were simply wanting to leverage and launch their mobile solutions. The problem is, their series of bad decisions that they had made over the last 5 years was really a major impediment to do something as simple as launching mobile tablet in the marketplace and therefore, they were struggling with how to retain their clients with that need. Great problem for FIS to solve. I mean, the first thing we do there, obviously, engage Capco in that engagement, come in, build out a transformational plan on how to take them from where they are today over multiple phases and get them where they need to be, all while embracing these new product launches. So a great example of how the power of FIS truly is the only company out there that can come in and help these institutions transform.  It's really also these market pressures are playing to our strategic focus. In a minute, I'll talk about the shift towards outsourcing. It's not a new slide. We talk about this every year but the economy is speeding this up. I can tell you today, we're having more conversations in the LFI space about outsourcing and how to get leverage and leverage the scale of FIS than we've ever had in the history of our company. So these economic issues are pushing these banks very hard, and we're in the perfect position to take advantage of it. If you look, as I've mentioned, we've talked about this a number of years. Clearly, I've been with the company 23 years. When I started with this company, everybody in the industry was a pure monoline player. Single product delivering for a single problem. What we saw over the years, is we saw an evolution of where various markets started going to buy broader solution capabilities. And so as Frank mentioned, we did a series of acquisitions and we did those series of acquisitions to build out the broadest application suite in the industry, and we did it to serve all the market segments that exist. I'll tell you today, we're very well equipped with our arsenal of products and services and our leadership team and our markets and very comfortable. So we don't have the need to go out and do the large-scale acquisitions to continue to grow the businesses we serve today. But what we saw was the markets had continued to evolve. So they've gone from point-to-point solution to application outsourcing to solution outsourcing, right? And now, we see a large demand for transformational services, all driven, frankly, by the economic needs. There was a point in time where a $50 billion bank would sit and look at you and say, "I have no desire to fully outsource everything I have. I have scaling better than you guys can do it." Today, that's no longer the answer. Today, the answer is, I'm burdened by all the investment. My costs are going through the roof. I'm shutting down branches to get cost out of my infrastructure. My IT costs continue to accelerate. I'm not getting the lift I need to be able to invest in new products. I can't come back and invest in new products without doing a giant services engagement because of all these fragmented solutions. FIS, as I said, plays to our strengths and allows us to participate in those conversations like no other. So if you look, wrapping up our market positioning, clearly, we're well established in all markets. I hope you see that. And then as I said, we've been in these markets for decades and in many instances, as I shared with you, this is not something that you just decide you want to enter. It takes that amount of time to build out the relationships Frank talked about and others. Economic issues are really playing to our strengths, all right? So while a lot of people -- we would love to see the economy turn around faster, we would love to see all financial institutions return back to their normalized buying habits and frankly, Mike's going to talk about our long-term guidance. We think we need that market lift in order to get to the higher end of our guidance as we've discussed in the past. But right now, the good news is, the economic issues are pushing very large institutions to make decisions different than what they've made in the past. The shift towards outsourcing, where we are a clear leader. Every conversation, we just do not have conversations anymore about licensing software. It is always about some type of outsourcing engagement, some type of professional services engagement, some type of broader, much more broader solution. So with that, after looking at the markets, let's talk about and focus on the strategy and where we're going with the strategy Frank discussed. Our strategy focus falls in really 3 distinct areas and every area is meant to increase drive, increase profitable growth, period, end of story. I think it's important that we require focus on all these areas and because of all these things, it really does allow us to outpace our competitors. The first area of focus is one around solutions, all right? So if you think about it, this breadth of capability is a requirement. Monoline players are struggling for survivability every day in this market. If all you can bring is a single or a couple of product solution, it is very, very difficult to compete. And so people are struggling with this. The breadth of capabilities, we have more than 300 products and services today. That breadth is absolutely key. In a minute, I'm going to talk to you about our portfolio management process because it's very important for you to understand how we take that $300 million of capital and invest back in our software. Obviously, we have to develop -- and so that's all geared around our fundamental business. We also have to develop an innovation, and we're going to talk about innovation and the importance that innovation is playing in our company today and then this area around services.  So very focused on our solutions, but we can't be just focused there, we have to further penetrate the large financial institution marketplace. So if you add the broader solution, the advantage is deploying that across more markets. The more markets you can deploy it across, obviously, the more growth you can get, the more profitable growth you can get, and so that is key. And we've talked about the difficult nature of penetrating some of those markets a few minutes ago. So it's very important to further penetrate our LFI. And then finally, we have to grow geographically. We cannot be a North American-based company any longer, we have to look globally. We talked about our global marketplace being 20%. But I also talked in our earnings calls of examples where we had a large strategic relationship with Barclays. Barclays decides to come to the U.S. and launch a direct bank, who do they look for but their partner from Europe, or from the U.K. to help launch in the U.S. And so it's key to think about the full geographic reach, all right?  We're going to dig into all 5 of these sub bullets. But before I do that, I really want you to kind of understand our thought process around portfolio management. We think it's a key differentiator for our company and one that we are very proud of. The very first thing is, there are certainly some very well-established solutions that we have to offer. We talk about them all the time, our integrated cores, our traditional payment offerings. This is where our traditional R&D is spent here. Obviously, these are slower growth-type product offerings for us but very, very strategic. These are the kind of relationships that allows that sales force I discussed earlier, those 650 people, to come and deploy across that broader group. So very established solutions are very key. But we also focus on emerging solutions. This is an area where we do development, and where we've done some really exciting tuck-in acquisitions and, frankly, you'll hear us talk about doing future tuck-in acquisitions in this space. These are the things where we saw an opportunity years ago, invested heavily, and now they're paying off. A great example of that would be, almost 6 years ago at investor update, we talked about next-generation core processing. We talked about online real-time straight through processing, platform independence, all of these things and the importance of that and we saw an inflection point in the market. Now our profile suite, clearly, the fastest growing core product in our company today. Very strong internationally. The standard in direct banks in the U.S. and we're starting to see opportunities in the large retail marketplace with it. We wouldn't have that solution had we not seen that opportunity almost 6 years ago and started making those investments ahead of the curve. We also saw it in integrated channels. When you start thinking about what's going on in the channel marketplace, people want to bring mobile, people want to bring a wallet. People want to bring all these various things, having an integrated channel strategy wrapped around your solution to allow you to easily plug what's the next applicable channel is very important. Once again, made those investments over 5 years ago, started then, built through the curve and now we're seeing phenomenal growth through our TouchPoint suite. Think about some of the tuck-in acquisitions last year, 2 very small ones. We did Gifts [ph], which was an international wire product, money movement product. We did Compliance Coach, that took advantage of the issues going on in regulatory compliance and education needs. Both of those companies have performed exceedingly well, well ahead of our pro forma expectations on the acquisition and that's just a reflection of being able to put these kind of products in [ph] their distribution engine.  There's a third area that we like to talk about in our portfolio management strategy, and this is early-stage solutions. Frankly, we choose to partner invest here. There's a lot of people that are doing irrational acquisitions in this space. I mean, I’m really viewing them as irrational. Very, very large dollar amounts paid for very small revenue streams with no predictability on what the outcome’s going to be in the future. We choose to partner and make minority investments here. We'll take a small minority position. We'll take a board seat. We'll direct development. We'll let a lot of spend go on with those companies, frankly, without a revenue stream outside of the company. We'll build a practice around it. A great example of that would be some of the stuff we're talking about in mobile, some of the stuff we're talking about in wallet. We've been able to build a very profitable business around our mobile activities meanwhile, while everybody -- where the people that are building these solutions are dumping a lot of irrational money, because we're not sure exactly where all that’s going to end out. At the end of the year, we've broken through 1.5 million users. Obviously, we think we're at an inflection point and that'll still grow. Mobile wallet is still, obviously, another great example. We're not sure what's going to win. Is it going to be in SAE [ph]? Is it going to be 2D barcode? No one knows exactly what's going to win. And so at the end of the day, by making these small investments, partnering first, putting it through our sales engine, letting your customers who want to take advantage of that early adoption do that gives tremendous growth for us. What you need to understand is this is a cyclical activity. So at one point in time, next-generation core was in the early-stage solution category, right? And so if you think about it, things build up and circle through this. What I think's real interesting, it might surprise you, is more than 15% of our revenue now is coming from these type of activities and in a minute, we'll talk about in 2012 seeing almost $900 million of revenue come out of this area at very profitable numbers. So let's break down some of those 5 key areas. When you think about the fundamental business, very, very strong clients here. Very predictable, high recurring revenue, allows us to look out and make key strategic investments in some of those innovative solutions, very high scale and leverage, incremental margins are very strong as we bring on new products and services. Our focus here is very clear. Cross-sell, cross-sell, cross-sell. As Jim talked about, in the U.S. markets now, we're more than 14,000 clients. The majority of our sales come from cross-selling additional products and services to existing clients. We have to drive product efficiencies here, so we do need to do some investment to keep our efficiencies going and further help drive our cross-sells. So great example of that would be in our fundamental business, we're doing some investment to help integrate our Internet banking product more tightly and allow it to become almost the de facto standard for Internet banking and it allows us to further drive that. I was talking to the leader of Internet banking not too long ago, Susan Hawkins, and we were talking about that. She really feels we still have even 3 to 5 years of white space just in our existing base to continue to ramp those kind of products, and it's through that integration that drives that value. Innovation, we talked a lot about it. But at the end of the day, this is a business that has grown at almost an 11% CAGR. So you got 15% of the company revenue growing at more than twice our overall growth rate. The pace of adoption here is clearly accelerating. There's a lot of people clamoring for these type of innovative solutions to retain clients but that’s one of the things we didn't talk about in those markets, those financial institutions are seeing new incumbents coming in that are nontraditional competitors. And for that, they have to have the type of technology that allows them to keep and retain clients. So this is a great business for us. We've always focused our development here. I mean, very traditionally, our fundamental business, we really just keep in regulatory compliance. We do minor enhancements to drive integration. We funnel our investment on this area, and that's why you see the kind of high growth. The distribution network is the key. If we didn't have the more than 600 sales resources, couldn't drive these kind of products. But we've proven through our tuck-in acquisitions, through our net new development that running it through that sales force, we can certainly drive superior results. A great example, we've talked a lot about mobile. We've chosen a partner here. We got 2 very strategic relationships. We’re monetizing within foundry, both of them very, very strong companies. In that instance, just over the last 18 months, per our sales force, we’ve signed more than 400 clients on our mobile application. So you see the kind of opportunity that occurs. So with that, let's talk about services. We talked about this multiple times; about 3 years ago, we were talking a lot about services. And once again, this is an area where the market has kind of come to us. About 3, almost 5 years ago, when we first got into the offshoring business, we realized that the fundamental labor arbitrage business didn't make sense for us. It was not a sustainable business model. What we chose to do instead was to build expertise around our own personal products and services and then drive that expertise strictly towards those areas and as a result of that, we've now built out more than 20,000 professionals. You see the growth since 2008, more than 25% CAGR. We see this continually growing. The demand for this is very, very high and very important for us. It leverages our core competencies. We understand the products we develop better than anybody else. We understand about how to run large outsourcing engagements. It's only natural to tack on the knowledge outsourcing around these functions. And so, as you see, we're continuing to see very, very strong growth here. When you think about the large financial institutions in greater than $10 billion, you can see the spend, it's significant. 73% of the total spend in North America continues to drive here. So that's why it's a very, very important space for us to focus on. We have credibility though, over 28% of our revenue already exists in this space. I talked about us redeploying sales resource, and we got a 62% lift. I should have also shared with you, we didn't see a degradation in sales performance in our other markets as well, right? So it's important though, when you see those inflection points to take advantage of them. We've got significant conversations in this space. Once again, I was in a recent very large institution, and we were talking through their issues. And once again, they had made a series of very disparate investments. So once again, we were able to come in, propose to them a full-blown outsourcing engagement, focus on them a transformational way to pull some of their investments together, get more cost out of their infrastructure but also be able to offer more services. So just a lot of opportunity in this space.  The final area of strategic focus we want to talk about is international. So at the end of the day, a lot of people talk about, are you concerned about international competitors coming in North America? We’re worried about all competitors, right? But at the end of the day, North America is an extremely difficult market to break into. International is also an extremely difficult market to break into. They're both very different. And as I said, we had decades. We actually entered the international market in 1988. So we've had decades of experience building out this practice and now, you're seeing the returns of those investments. Scale and global presence are a requirement. I think you ask any of the people here in the audience from the international group, they'll tell you, if we don't have a critical presence in the country we're dealing in, it's very, very difficult to sell. You have to have globally relevant solutions here. So we're very focused on making investments in solutions that we can take into the international markets, leveraging our North American expertise. Global partnerships are certainly expanding. I gave you the Barclays example, which is so key for us and we’re seeing more and more of that going on. So at the end of the day, if you think about it, we've got 20% of our revenue now, growing at 18% CAGR. We've got 15% of our innovation revenue, growing at 11% CAGR. You start seeing a pretty compelling story of higher growth in a lot of our assets.  So in conclusion, we have a very, very strong platform for growth in the strategic execution area. We think at the end of the day, our solutions are unparalleled regarding breadth and expertise and ability to deliver. We have ongoing product innovation and investment, and it's paying off. That 15% is going to grow. You need to expect that. We expect that to continue to be a high-growth area, but we expect the percentage of our revenue coming out of innovative solutions to grow in the future. We've established a presence in all the high opportunity markets, and we have critical credibility in all the high opportunity markets. And our ability to assist clients, transform their business, we think is unparalleled. Once again, thinking about any large-scale project that's going on in the industry, really, FIS is attached to it and something that I just couldn't be more proud of the leaders in this room.  So the question is, you see the market positioning, you see the strategic execution, now really, how do you do that and still drive your margins up? So what I want to talk about, Frank talked about this, but over the years, we were rolling up the industry. I mean, we talked about starting back in 2003, all the acquisitions we did, we did go through a period of time where we integrated a lot of companies. We built a lot of global scale. All the while, since 2008, increasing margins by 480 bps. So at the end of the day, we have a proven track record of doing it. The people in this room are very, very comfortable of expanding margins in our business. We know we have to do it. Mike's going to come up and talk about not only do we have to expand margins for our shareholders, we have to make sure we redirect enough spend, so take spend down in certain areas so we can redeploy it for innovation. So we know we have to invest back in the business, all the while getting expansion.  If you think about where that comes, really, there's 3 areas that we target to optimize performance. Everybody wants to go to cost-cutting, that's the boring side of it. Really, a key area for us to focus is revenue. We have a proven ability to lead the market in revenue growth and we see that continuing. We'll continue to refine our model. We'll continue to move our resources in the appropriate place, and we'll continue to grow our distribution channel of more than 650 people. We spent most of last year taking out $260 million in cost, but there's still an opportunity to even take out more efficiencies as we grow. When you think about value-based pricing, we always like to talk about pricing compression. There is some pricing compression in certain markets. There's a lot of markets that we're actually seeing price inflation. Where we're seeing such a demand for services that we're actually able to raise our professional services rates in order to meet the demand. We're driving enhanced sales tools across our distribution channel to help them identify opportunities and close those opportunities, and we've talked a lot about alignment. We have to also leverage scale to get margin expansion. Resource realignment is a key. Last year, we saw some demands in services and what do we do? We took resources from non-revenue-producing areas to revenue-producing areas. I have to caution, we've got to make sure we don't do that all the time and we can do that temporarily to take advantage of an opportunity but a key back to our continued growth is investment back in the system. And so we’ve got to make sure that we're just not short-term looking for very, very quick revenue and very quick profits at the sake of long-term profitable growth.  We see a lot of opportunities in technology efficiencies. When we pulled FIS or Fidelity Metavante together to form FIS, we clearly consolidated a lot of our data centers, all right? And so there's now an extra turn. Now that we've consolidated the physical facilities, now there's an opportunity to consolidate the physical platforms within the facilities. That takes obviously product consolidation. We've done a very, very good job of that. We've talked about that on prior earnings calls, our ability to move our Bill Payment Solutions from the former Fidelity one, the former Metavante one, to the new FIS one with tremendous success. So we've done and we have a lot of examples of that. But as we consolidate more product that benefits our clients, it's going to naturally drive more efficiencies in our scale. And we also need to leverage development. We have -- we've done a good job historically of leveraging it, but we've got to take it to the next level. We've got to make sure that we're building it only once and making sure that we're deploying it all across those markets. And this team is certainly signed up to deliver on that. The third area is cost management. Clearly, we got to leverage our buying power. We do a great job of this every year. But every year, we got to come back to our solution providers and make sure that we're getting our services at the lowest possible cost. We've got to proactively manage discretionary spend and we continue to look at those areas. We’ve got to make sure that we're hiring in areas that drive strategic growth and profitable growth, and make sure that we're holding firm in certain areas. But all of that, we believe can easily drive 30 to 50 basis points of annual margin expansion.  So with that, wrapping it up, we have a great business with amazing fundamentals. We're very, very proud of what we've built over the years. The market trends are in our favor. We really do feel the market is coming to us. We've made a tremendous amount of investments over the last decade, and we see the market pushing in this direction. We have very strategic clarity. I'll tell you, over the next 2 days and by the end of this week, we won't have a leader or sales rep in this organization that won't have clear insight to exactly where we need to go and how we're going to get there. We're going to continually take market with our sales engine. Leveraging that sales engine, cross-selling, upsell and growing that every single year like we've historically done and that will continue to happen. And then finally, we do have an opportunity for operating leverage through our portfolio management approach and our focus. So with all of that, we know we'll continue to deliver superior performance over the next several years. So with that, I'd like to turn it over to Mike Hayford, and Mike will give you some more insight to the financials. Thank you.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Good morning. I'm David Togut with Evercore Partners. Two questions. First related to margins. You highlighted the rapid growth of the services business, which includes some lower margin, more labor-intensive businesses like Capco. How do you reconcile the fast growth in that business with your desire to achieve 30 basis points of margin expansion annually?
Frank Martire: It's a good question. You have to understand why we did Capco. So at the end of the day, when you look at Capco's presence in Europe and you look at Capco's presence in North America, and you look at the strategic relationships they have in that LFI community, what we're driving with Capco is really large transformational deals. RBC would be a great example of that. So there's an example where we brought in solution -- Capco brought in solution expertise, helped define the problem in the transformation, we were actually able to come in to that engagement and provide a breadth of services at very nice margins for us. So it's back to the majority of our Services business. At the end of the day, Capco is $300 million out of a $5.7 billion-odd company. So at the end of the day, the services that we're bringing wrapped around our products are coming in at much higher margins. And it's that differentiation, bringing that intellectual property to bear that allows us to do that. So really, they’re getting their foot in the door that actually allows us to build that higher gross services business.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just a second question on competition. Total System Services has indicated that they intend to make an aggressive push in the community bank and credit union market in terms of card issuer services. They also want to expand their footprint in Brazil from Carrefour on the private label side into more of general-purpose credit card issuer services. So have you seen them enter those 2 markets yet? And what sort of countermeasures do you have in mind?
Frank Martire: We see all of our competitors. But in fairness, we've not seen them in a material way in those 2 markets yet. I mean, the reality is, you have to understand what you're saying, it's back to that market positioning. So if you want to get into the credit card processing business and community markets, you're dealing with institutions that are on average are going to issue less than 10,000 cards, right? You're also going to deal with institutions that are going to need a full-service platform. What I mean by that is the ability to underwrite those things, board those cards, deal with cardholder concerns, 24/7. It gets very difficult to build a business model out on that one customer at a time. Today, we have almost 3,800 clients in that market space. So we're able to do that and serve that market back to our scale, because we look at that as a unified portfolio. So I would tell you, that's a very difficult market in community markets to enter if you don't have scale or unless you’re really prepared to go for a very long time and through organic growth one at a time, pick up 500 cards here, 8,000 cards there. Very difficult to build a business. When you look at Brazil, we're very comfortable with our position there. We're the largest third-party processor in Brazil. We've got long-term engagements with our partners. We recently extended some of our back-office work we're doing for Santander as well. So we feel very comfortable in our positions. Obviously, everybody is very focused on Brazil, right? I mean, it's a hot economy, it's a hot market. I always like to laugh and say, we were in Brazil for 15 years. So I mean, if that's good timing, I guess we'll take it. But the reality is, it took us a long time to build out that market. But we see competition across all of our industries. And we're going to be prepared to compete very hard on the service we provide, on taking care of our clients, and I think that's -- you see that bear out in our growth, and you see that bear out in our retention of our clients.
Gary Norcross: And you can see we're not stopping, right, we keep building on our scale, on our size and our reputation.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Dave Koning at Baird. So I guess first just to focus on some of the big clients, I think BofA and Bradesco reach about 5% of revs, M&I's maybe 2%. When we look out longer-term, do you expect these to continue to grow within your guidance? And then maybe you can talk about how long these are locked up for and any risks, I guess just thinking about over the next couple of years.
Frank Martire: Well, BofA is not that large of a client for us. Obviously, Bradesco JV is large. Our relationship we have down there, it's a very unique relationship, I think we're very confident in terms of the agreement we have, not just as a commercial relationship, but also the partnership in the JV. And M&I/Harris/BMO, we've talked about that in the past, it's a combination of M&I and Harris. If you think about 1 plus 1 equals 2, it will not equal 2 for us, it will be less than 2. Somewhere between 1 and 2. We'll be handling revenue stream. We continue to work with them. Anyway, we have a great relationship, we have a great relationship at a senior level, and they've got a path they're going to go on to snag. We've got products on both sides. So with core, they're going to end up in our core, you're going to have on a core platform, a single core platform versus historically they had split that between the 2 institutions, Harrison and M&I. But that's something we don't -- the timetable for that is going to be towards the very end of '12. We don't expect much impact in '12 from that consolidation of M&I and Harris. When we go into '13, there's going to be some revenue impact, but with our contract and our term fees, we think we'll be able to preserve all of the earnings from that relationship going into '13, and so now you're back into '14. We knew about this at the end of '10. So our expectation is we will have grown through the impacts by the time we get to '14.
Frank Martire: Yes. I mean, and that contract's got a number of years left on it, but you have to understand the strategic relationship there. One, as I shared with you in some of my prepared remarks, the largest single payment implementation in Brazilian history went on there, leveraging onto our platform, the efficiencies they were able to gain, then if you get into the labor issue around unions in Brazil, the ability to outsource that function is very beneficial to us. So it's very, very strategic. They were able to increase their growth in credit card deployment, they were able to lower their overall cost and we were able to provide a superior end-to-end service. So we, and what also people seem to forget, when you look at our JV, we've got a number of other clients on that joint venture as well that are true commercial clients. So very strategic relationship, several years left on that contract. Here. Right here.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. I heard a comment, I think you said that you don't have conversations about licensing software anymore. So could you sort of give us the background on what has licensed software been as a percent of revenues, historically, what's been the revenue growth in margin profile? And as you go more from just selling software in that I guess, 5%, 6%, 7%, 10% of your business to wrapping services around it, how do you see the implementation and the accounting of it affecting the numbers?
Frank Martire: Okay and just to clarify my comments and build on some of Mike's. What I was talking about was in the sales force, when you look at the buying habits as Mike said in that less than $10 billion market, very, very low software activity and typically, where we have software sales now it will be with a client that we formerly sold software to in the past. So our net new wins, our growth, is really all coming through that outsourcing side. And because of the economy and other things, we're seeing that trend come into the large FI and international markets where those larger institutions were typically biased to license and run it themselves. They're now asking themselves the question, what's the differentiator in me owning a data center, what's the differentiator in me leveraging it. So obviously, that, we're seeing most of our conversations in our sales engine going towards that deployment method.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. The second question I have is around M&A. And as you do mainly tuck-in acquisitions now, are there specific areas where you see a need to go acquire versus partner? What areas might those be?
Gary Norcross: Yes; I think honestly, we're not going to comment on what some of the gaps, what some of our perceived gaps are in the future. That don't make a lot of sense for us. I mean we, we're very comfortable when you start looking about some of the emerging technology, some of the innovation that’s going on with next-generation payments, some of the interesting channel deployments out there, there's also some interesting ways to drive benefits for our customers' financial institutions to retain clients so we're looking at a lot of different areas. But to Mike's point, we've been very strategic with our acquisitions, hopefully timing in, in time for the inflection point. Compliance Coach is a great example of that. We talked about that. We saw the pending regulatory change, we saw all the discussions, made the acquisition ahead of that curve and then rode through it and are riding through that regulatory curve. We're doing it also, when you start looking at some of the international mining movement, given our global presence and given that some of the things that are going on to more efficiently move money. And so you look at the GIFTS acquisition. Once again, small tuck-in, being able to deploy it across 650 institutions. So at the end of the day, those are the kind of things we're looking for. We're, when we're looking for acquisitions, we're looking out a year, 2, 3 years out of what we think, where we think the market's going to go and we want to time those acquisitions appropriately. As Mike shared with you, we prefer to build. So let's just be real clear about that. And we do a lot of internal building that we're very proud of. So if there are times when we aren't able to build it fast enough because we see the inflection point or what we think is going to be the inflection point, then we'll do a nice product acquisition and we'll look through the distribution channel appropriately.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. One last quick modeling question on the buyback, the $1 billion buyback, is that, I see a share count number in here. Was that the average share count, or year-end share count for the 295 million? And is that the pace at which you might expect to do the buyback for the next couple of years?
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: '12 [indiscernible].
Barton B. Hooper - Wallace R. Weitz & Co.: It's Barton Hooper with the Weitz Funds. Just a question on your sales coverage. You’ve got, yes, I think you said 300 products, 600 sales people, 14,000 clients. Do you have enough coverage to get the wallet share that you want? I realize it's skewed by a lot of the community banking but for some reason, it seems light with 33,000 employees.
Frank Martire: Actually, because of our -- it's a great question. Frankly, we've gotten a lot of efficiencies out of our distribution channel. If you look at, traditionally where our competitors will house those organizations, is they'll house them under the business lines, which is a very inefficient process. So what we've done is we've picked those sales resources up and put them across the enterprise of the entire company, and then we've invested heavily in our subject matter experts. So we're driving those people to get the doors open to then allow our subject matter experts to come through and sell appropriately. So it's a very efficient model. I have to warn people, it's a very time-consuming model to implement. We started this almost 8 years ago. And so we built that model every year building it out. So what you're seeing is the efficiencies that we gained through it as well. And I'd also point back to historically, every year, we've had record sales from the standpoint of new sales, net new revenue and data or existing customers or new clients. So we feel very comfortable with it. We continue to evaluate various markets, as I've shared with you. The LFI market, we saw back in late '10, we saw that there was going be a real opportunity as the economy started to recover and we needed to focus there so we moved resource into that, but as I said, we saw no degradation in the community sales engine as well. So we were very pleased with that result and that nimbleness is what allows us to be competitive with those number of resources.
Gary Norcross: And I think over the years, we've proven that we get the business units to work together with the sales force as one, and that takes a while. But that's working very well for us. Jim, we do have a couple of people been waiting a long time up here to ask a question.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Just wanted to ask about the payment services segment. I was a little surprised that the revenue growth will be a little bit down to the mid-, I guess, low-single digits for next year, what's driving that? Is it all check or is there another change in growth factors there? Maybe if you guys will give us an update on debit while you're at it?
Gary Norcross: And let me just add, I don't know if everybody fully understands. So our PSG, Payment Solutions Group segment, so if we look at last year is at 2% or about a 2% spread between reported, we got 2%, 2% to 3% between paper and reported. It's what it's been running. So low-single digits, add a couple of points to that, you're going to get close to mid-single on the electronics side. So the paper is kind of defined headwind that we've been sharing with you guys. Another thing to keep in mind if you look at our PSG compared to our closest competitor's PSG, and I've said this before, they stole the label but then they got the components wrong. So if we take out item processing, which is in our PSG, it's not in theirs, pushed it over to FSG, Anthony's going to love us for this, and then you take eBanking, which is in their PSG, not in ours, I think you're going to see what our numbers are going to be. I know Frank D'Angelo used to send me an e-mail every year showering that our numbers were better than their PSG numbers. I haven't done the math yet, but I suspect it will be the same this year. So you can't really compare those 2. Our payments for all the reasons we've talked about, we've done a great job of driving earnings and keeping the margins very solid, as Gary pointed out. But it's a different collection [indiscernible] everybody else out there. Okay. Here's the mike.
Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Greg Smith with Sterne Agee. Mike, just back to PSG though, the margin in 4Q stepped up quite a bit year-over-year. Was there anything unusual in that?
Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then from all your comments, should we interpret it definitely as Misys is off the table, so it doesn't fit to where the...
Frank Martire: What was that again?
Frank Martire: And we are very prudent about that we do, you know that at the end of the day, and the last large one we did was Metavente.
Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then just lastly when we look at that competitive landscape slide, the sort of, the elephant in the room to me is IBM, they're sort of missing in some key areas that you or another core processor could fill in. Do you expect IBM to make an acquisition of a core processor potentially?
Gary Norcross: We sort of like our future the way we are today, and we're very comfortable with what we're doing.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: Kartik Mehta with NorthCoast Research. Gary, in your presentation, you said you're able to raise prices in certain areas. Could you talk about maybe what those areas are, and what percentage of the company that might be?
Gary Norcross: Yes. Well, we're starting to see so much demand in some of our professional services engagements. I mean it really is supply and demand. There's a lot of demand for high-end resources in these transformation services, many of which Capco delivers. But in the LFI space, we're seeing an increased demand for implementation services, transformation services, building out releases and product functionality and so yes, we're seeing where we have the ability and have increased some of our professional services fees in those areas. Because simply, the supply of that particular type knowledge is not enough to meet some of the demands. So we're actually investing in those areas. We're hiring more people in those areas, we're training people in those areas. That's primarily been professional services. All in all, I mean, it's a pretty small percentage of our business. But we do see continued growth in that area and the point being, when we're seeing that growth, that high, and we have the ability to implement price increases appropriately, and we've done that.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: And then just the impact on your debit business, now that the Durbin Amendment's been implemented, what do you anticipate from your customers? And maybe what's happening now and what you anticipate going forward?
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. I wanted to follow up on Greg Smith's question. Clearly a pretty big change in strategic focus here of going more to building as opposed to buying. Obviously, that's been the legacy of your company. You clearly looked at the Misys acquisition s sort of midyear so I just was sort of looking for a little bit more color on sort of what sort of happened in the change in thinking. You're obviously sort of setting a new tone for the company from a growth perspective going forward. So maybe little bit more background behind the thinking on that change.
Frank Martire: Yes. To reinforce it, if you look at our products today globally, and you look at our distribution channels globally, we clearly do not have to do significant acquisitions anymore. And as Mike well put it, why would you pay up for acquisitions when you already have some of those things, and you spend the last 12 years or so doing that. And that's the position we're in.
Gary Norcross: Yes, and just to, just chime in as well. At the end of the day, we build our acquisition strategy off the people in this room and off our sales channels. And at the end of the day, the best acquisition is one generated out of the business lines because there's an identified need, or generated out of your distribution channel for identified need. There are going to be product acquisitions that are going to be identified that make sense. But paying up for a very large overlapping acquisition is not being driven out of our leadership team at the moment. And so as Frank mentioned, as I mentioned, Mike mentioned, we listen to the people in this room. This is who drives the company. And so at the end of the day, making sure that we give them the tools they need to compete is what's important for us. And so at the end of the day, we're very comfortable in the markets we serve today, which is important to understand the markets we serve. But in those markets we serve, very comfortable with our product suite and this team is not telling us at all that we lack the scale to compete, that we lack the product set to compete, when in growing the business.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: All right. And then, different direction, related to Capco. You obviously had the large client loss at the beginning of the year, how did Capco end up from a growth perspective in '11, and directionally, expectations for growth and margin expansions related to Capco for '12?
Gary Norcross: Yes. For growth, the U.S. was really got hit by that large client, the U.S. was a little bit slower. Europe was, I think 80% growth, 75% growth. Europe was very strong growth, combined I think, we're still on 30%, 25-ish percent organic growth versus where they ended up in '10, so they still had a very solid year, again with one client who got off, that cut the government financing, and so they kind of went out. But when we look at where they ended the year, again, we had that client kind of cut back right at the beginning of the year, made a decision that we thought we could redeploy fast enough to maintain margin. Well, that didn't work out. So we looked at the fourth quarter and where we’re operating, we feel pretty good about where it sets up for '12. I would add to that though, again, so Robin's team have to focus on running their business like every other business unit on our industry. And they all have a budget, they have a plan, they get paid to make their number. But with Capco, in addition to making their number, it's all about Frank and Gary have been involved in these deals where they walk into a CEO or a CIO or the head of an institution, and they're talking about a different operating model, different business. And it's led by, let's start with how you can think of the world differently. So obviously, it was a good start in that direction because it's totally different business model for them in the States. But the discussions and dialogue we've had continue to be positive from our perspective on how that sets up to getting some opportunities in the future.
Frank Martire: And most of these large banks that we got to globally, Capco already has a relationship and a reputation, a very positive reputation which helps us and Capco.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Great. Are you expecting double-digit revenue growth from Capco in ’12?
Frank Martire: Absolutely. That would be correct.
Gary Norcross: Yes, absolutely. Yes they did a nice job in growing through the loss of their customer, as Mike said, ended up the year strong. We see margins returning to where we originally expected as part of the deal. Conversations between our go-to-market forces, have -- our distribution channel and our client management group, and theirs has never been stronger. So we're still very, very excited about the acquisition and why we did it.
Frank Martire: And Robin and his senior leaders are very optimistic about the future.
Mary K. Waggoner: We've got time for one more question.
Unknown Analyst: Just a -- I know how this impacts you long-term, but it seems like in memory database, big data, those types of conversations, does it make it more difficult or easier for clients that do things in-house to keep that business in-house? Does the technology make it a harder sell for you?
Gary Norcross: I would -- of course you're talking to Mike and Gary who are the most technical executives in the industry, so we should [indiscernible] I would say, any new technological innovation that's going to hit the industry. So the very big guys, it's really not about buying the technology, buying the hardware anymore, it's about buying the people and the expertise. So the big guys will go out and do that. But where do the big guys stop? Is it after the top 4 or 5, is it after the top 10, there's a line there that becomes a pretty sharp demarcation. People can't go out and hire the expertise to do the latest greatest technology, and it gets -- the thing about [indiscernible] say, we can give you the benefit of having better data warehousing, better access, better information, better analytics and do it cheaper and I would focus on solving your business problem. It's hard -- we’re competing against the CEO trying to build out infrastructure, and I think we win those debates these days.
Mary K. Waggoner: Okay. With that, I think Frank wants to make a few closing comments, and I'll follow with a few housekeeping items before we move onto the next portion.
Frank Martire: Well, first of all, I want to thank the investment community for being here today. For those of you who made the trip, I really appreciate it, I know it's a lot of valuable time. I hope you find it valuable to you. The second, for the shareholders in the room, we thank you for your confidence in us. For those who are thinking of investing in us, hopefully, we gained a little bit more of your confidence today. But for those who cover us, thank you for the coverage on FIS, we really appreciate it. I think it's kind of an interesting experience when you have 3 people standing up there, talking with the confidence we do about a company that’s our size and saying things about the future and how we feel about it. We say with confidence for just simply one reason, we have 300 leaders behind us with the same confidence and passion that we do for this company and our clients. And they have 30,000 people behind them with the same passion and confidence. That makes us feel good, that makes us totally confident that we could deliver and we will continue to. We are very passionate, we are very excited about this company. We know we have a great future. We’d like you to be a part of it and have the same enthusiasm and passion that we do. Thank you for sharing your morning with us. We appreciate it. Thank you.
Mary K. Waggoner: Just a reminder to our investors and analysts, please fill out the survey that is on the table in front of you. For those of you listening via webcast, we will e-mail that survey to you, and would appreciate your input on today's event as well. Now, I would ask most of our leadership team to remain seated so that we can escort our guests to the topic table reception. And the topic table facilitator should exit to the Crystal ballroom now as well. Thank you very much.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael D. Hayford - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Gary Norcross - Chief Operating Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President Frank Martire - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Your host and speaker, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Mary Waggoner. Please go ahead.
Mary K. Waggoner: Thank you, Kevin, and welcome to everyone joining us this morning. With me today are Frank Martire, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gary Norcross, Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Hayford, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, we ask that you please mark your calendar for our Analyst Day, which is being planned for February 14, 2012, in Orlando, Florida. The event will coincide with our fourth quarter earnings release. And we will be sending out registration details in the next few weeks. Now we will proceed with the third quarter earnings report. Today's news release and supplemental slide presentation have been posted to our website at fisglobal.com. A replay of this webcast will be available shortly after the call. Please refer to the safe harbor language on Page 2 of the presentation. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Today's comments will focus on results from continuing operations and will include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachment to the press release and the supplemental slide presentation. I will now turn the call over to Frank Martire for an overview of third quarter results.
Frank Martire: Thanks, Mary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I will keep my remarks brief to allow plenty of time for your questions. I will begin the discussion with a brief summary of our third quarter financial results and business highlights. Gary will follow with the operations report, and Mike will provide additional insight into our financial results and our outlook for the remainder of 2011. We will also share some preliminary thoughts on 2012.  Overall, we are pleased with our solid top line performance and strong growth in earnings per share. Revenue increased to $1.4 billion in the quarter, representing organic growth of 4.1%. Our results were driven by continued strong performance in our International business, which grew 21.9% on an organic basis. Earnings per share increased 19.2% to $0.62 in the third quarter, and free cash flow were strong at $193 million.  We continue to compete very well on the strength of our solutions. We added several new clients during the quarter, including KeyBank and Berkshire Bank in North America, as well as new clients in Germany. Gary will provide additional sales highlights a little later on the call.  We believe that our growing global footprint and our International business in particular provide us with a strategic advantage over our competitors. We also continue to look for opportunities to augment organic growth to internal investment and targeted acquisitions. As in the past, we will be disciplined in our approach, and we will apply our cash and debt repayment or share repurchases if we cannot find deals that fit strategically, financially and operationally. We repurchased approximately $181 million of stock in the third quarter and have another 7 million shares remaining under the February 2010 authorization. Additionally, as we announced this morning, our board has approved a new $500 million share repurchase plan, which at yesterday's closing price represents approximately 19 million additional shares. Looking back on the first 9 months of the year, the team has driven solid organic revenue growth and managed the business very well in a difficult economic environment. We are proud to be ranked as the #1 provider on the 2011 FinTech 100, which is a result of the continued confidence that our clients have in us. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter and 2012, we remain focused on helping our clients meet their overall business objectives and on driving higher revenue and earnings growth and a strong free cash flow.  Now Gary will continue with the business report. Gary?
Gary Norcross: Thank you, Frank, and thanks to everyone on the call. I'll begin today's review with an overview of the global sales climate, followed by the operating highlights. We see continued investment spending by financial institutions despite persistent economic and regulatory challenges. We are pleased with the progress we are making to gain additional share in the large financial institutions and International markets. The demand for our professional services remains strong and continues to grow on a consecutive quarter basis. We are also seeing increased interest in back-office outsourcing and managed IP services. For example, a top-tier bank in North America recently opted to outsource a substantial portion of its statement production and mail services to FIS, which will drive meaningful cost savings for the bank and generate a reoccurring revenue stream for FIS. This services growth is offsetting the declines in license sales as our clients seek to leverage our global scale and processing capabilities to execute their business strategies. Earlier this year, we discussed the brand's strength of our TouchPoint channel solution in the large bank market, including a new agreement with the Bank of Oklahoma. I am pleased to announce that the First National Bank of Omaha, with $17 billion in assets, will deploy TouchPoint in its more than 140 branches in 7 states in 2012, replacing its existing in-house teller platform.  As Frank mentioned, our International business continues to perform very well, providing FIS with a strategic advantage over other providers. We are now seeing increased demands for both core and Payment Solutions outside North America and experience growth across all major international regions in the third quarter, including Europe. We continue to make good progress in diversifying our International client base and product offerings in EMEA, Latin America and Asia Pacific. Over the past year, we have announced reciprocal ATM agreements with China UnionPay, Korea Financial Telecom and the U.K. LINK network. While we do not expect to generate significant revenue from this relationships in the near-term, we are hopeful that the increased visibility will open the door to expanded relationships in the future. Given the increased focus on European banks, I'd like to provide some additional insight on our European business. First, the majority of our revenue in Europe is generated by clients in Germany, France, and the United Kingdom. Less than 2% of our European revenue and less than 1% of our International revenue is generated from clients in Spain, Italy, Greece, Ireland and Portugal.  Second, our revenue streams are highly reoccurring. The vast majority of the services that we provide are mission critical to our clients and are not discretionary.  Finally, increased regulatory oversight, coupled with the need for banks to reassess their current infrastructure to manage costs more closely, often opens the door for third-party providers like FIS and Capco, as evidenced by the continued strong performances of both businesses in Europe. Although we have seen some lengthening of the sales cycle, we have not seen a marked decline in the sales pipeline. We continue to build on our strong market position and are adding new clients throughout Europe.  In September, we announced that DAB, a private bank based in Munich, will migrate to our core banking platform. In addition, LBBW, which is Germany's fifth largest bank, will deploy several FIS commercial treasury and global transfer solutions to support their wire transfer and direct payment operations. And earlier this month, FIS was once again recognized as the leading prepaid organization in the region. Turning to our North America business, we continue to compete very well in the mid-tier, community, and LFI markets and our winning new clients. We continue to believe that the need for banks to upgrade their technology to support their business plans will drive demand for core platform replacements. We recently announced that Berkshire Bank, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hills Bancorp, and Aliant Bank will migrate to our core processing solution. Both banks will also implement a full range of ancillary channel, EFT, network and eBanking solutions.  We continue to generate solid cross-sells and will soon begin providing ePayment and mobile banking solutions to Marquette Bank, a long-time FIS core processing client.  Over the past few quarters, we have highlighted several new bill payment relationships with top 30 banks. I am very pleased to report that in the third quarter, we successfully converted Fifth Third Bank, KeyBank and BMO Harris. In addition to electronic payments, we are also providing vendor warehousing, electronic billing and remittance services to all 3 banks. Each of these new clients previously utilized an in-house or competitors solution to perform these services. We are seeing renewed interest from financial institutions in our credit card and credit loyalty programs in response to the interchange limits on debit transactions. We completed several new client conversions in the quarter, including Amalgamated Bank, Royal Credit Union and INTRUST. We also recently extended our long-standing credit card processing agreement with the Independent Community Bankers of America. FIS is the only core provider to offer integrated end-to-end credit card solutions, which further underscores the benefits of our broad product capabilities. I'd like to leave you with the following thoughts before turning the call over to Mike for the financial report. In North America, we expect that bank consolidation will continue to create both challenges and opportunities. Future revenue streams are likely to be diminished in those instances where we are providing services to both entities. Nevertheless, we believe that FIS is better positioned than other providers over the long run, given our broad market presence and leadership in mid and large bank space. We do not believe that we are unduly exposed to the challenges confronting the European markets in light of our diverse client base and product mix. Further, we believe that our international presence will continue to be a strong growth engine for our company. Although the sales cycle is lengthened, we continue to see investment decisions being made. Additionally, the strong sales that we have achieved over the last few quarters provide us with a solid implementation pipeline. We continue to expect the challenging environment for our clients in 2012, however, given the nondiscretionary nature of our services and our strong business model, we expect that we will continue to drive profitable growth in 2012.  Now I will turn it over to Mike for the financial report.
Michael D. Hayford: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 4. Adjusted revenue increased 10.8% to $1.4 billion in the third quarter. Organic revenue growth, after being normalized for acquisitions and currency, was 4.1%. Strong growth in International business offset difficult year-over-year comparisons in FSG, as well as ongoing headwinds within our Payments business.  Third quarter EBITDA increased 2.7% to $438 million. EBITDA margin was 30.7% compared to 33.1% in the third quarter of 2010, reflecting a higher portion consulting revenues, growth in lower margin businesses, including the resilient card operation and nonrecurring items in both periods.  These items include approximately $10 million in merger integration and severance costs in the third quarter 2011 and a $10 million benefit related to settlement of legal matter in the third quarter 2010, a $20 million swing we put into nonrecurring items. As shown on Slide 5, EBITDA margin compares favorably to the prior year when adjusted for the Capco acquisition and the nonrecurring items from both periods. Financial Solutions on Slide 6. Revenue increased 7.8% to $523 million, and increased 0.6% on an organic basis. As you may recall, FSG are particularly a difficult comparison due to a large software sale in the third quarter of 2010. Organic growth was also negatively impacted by the reduction in job scope for a large Capco client as we have previously discussed. Financial Solutions' EBITDA increased 1.9% to $224 million compared to $220 million in the 2010 quarter. The EBITDA margin was 42.8% compared to 45.3% in the prior year, reflecting the higher mix of consulting revenue and approximately $2 million of integration and severance costs in the third quarter 2011, in addition to a large license sale in third quarter 2010. As shown on Slide 7, Payment Solutions revenue totaled $604 million, which is a modest improvement over the third quarter of 2010. Payment Solutions revenue increased 2%, excluding the check business. Third quarter revenue declined on a sequential basis due to the peak tax processing revenues in the second quarter of 2011. While we are pleased with our progress in signing new clients, PSG continues to be challenged due to declining check usage, competitive pricing and consolidation within the client base.  Payment Solutions' EBITDA totaled $230 million, including approximately $4 million integration and severance costs. EBITDA increased slightly, excluding the onetime costs. EBITDA margin declined to 38% in the third quarter 2011 compared to 38.4% in the third quarter of 2010. As shown on Slide 8, International revenue increased 49.3% to $298 million and grew 21.9% on an organic basis. The continued strong performance was due primarily to higher card processing volumes in Brazil, as well as growth within Capco's European business, which continues to perform very well. As a reminder, we have now cycled past the anniversary of the Bradesco card conversion, which occurred at the beginning of October 2010. Although new card issuance in Brazil remains strong, we will face tough year-over-year comparisons beginning in the fourth quarter of 2011. International EBITDA increased 44.1% to $67 million in the third quarter. The margin was 22.5% compared to 23.2% in the prior year, reflecting the addition of Capco, continued strong growth in Brazil and approximately $1 million of integration and severance costs. To reiterate Gary's remarks regarding our European business, keep in mind that Greece, Spain, Portugal, Italy and Ireland account for only a small portion, less than 1% of our International revenue base. The majority of the revenue is recurring and is not discretionary. While we are monitoring the markets closely, we continue to feel good about our European business. Corporate expense totaled $83 million in the third quarter 2011 compared to $71 million in the third quarter 2010. The increase was driven largely by the reimbursement of $10 million of legal fees in last year's numbers, as previously discussed, and approximately $3 million of severance and M&A-related costs in the current period. Please turn to Slide 9 for a reconciliation of net earnings. Third quarter net earnings from continuing operations increased 6.8% to $189 million compared to $177 million in the third quarter 2010. The effective tax rate declined to 30.6% in the third quarter of 2011 compared to 36.6% in the prior year quarter due to federal tax planning strategies and a nonrecurring benefit related to our International business. We now anticipated a full-year tax rate of approximately 33% in 2011. Earnings per share increased 19.2% to $0.62 per share compared to $0.52 per share in the third quarter 2010. The only adjustment to our reported GAAP numbers in the current quarter is the after-tax impact of purchase price amortization of $44 million or $0.14 per share. Approximately $10 million of onetime costs, including merger, integration and severance costs, were included in the results for the third quarter 2010 -- I'm sorry, 2011. These costs, which were excluded from the prior year results, lowered earnings by approximately $0.02 per share in the current quarter. Minority interest reduced earnings per share by approximately $0.01 in the current quarter. As shown on Slide 10, free cash flow totaled $193 million compared to $220 million in the third quarter 2010. The decrease was primarily due to the interest on our senior unsecured notes, which is payable in July -- January of the year. Capital expenditures have declined to $82 million in the third quarter 2011 as compared to $93 million in the third quarter 2010.  As Frank mentioned, we purchased approximately 6.6 million shares during the third quarter, that will total cost of $181 million. 7 million shares remain under the February 2010 authorization, and our board recently approved an additional $500 million repurchase authority, which is effective through December of 2013. Debt outstanding declined to less than $4.9 billion as of September 30, and the weighted average interest was approximately 5.1% at quarter end.  Looking ahead to 2012, we have $215 million of mandatory debt payments coming due, in addition to our $325 million term loan A facility, which matures in January. We are monitoring the debt markets closely and currently anticipate that we will extend, refinance or use our revolver to retire the 2012 term loan A facility. Additional details on our debt are provided in the Appendix. Before opening the lines for questions, I will provide a few comments regarding our full-year 2011 outlook and share some initial thoughts regarding 2012. We continue to anticipate reported revenue growth of approximately 10% for 2011 and organic revenue growth of approximately 5% for the full year. We expect 4% to 5% growth in EBITDA for full-year 2011. As we guided in September, we expect that lower interest costs, shares outstanding, combined with more favorable tax rate will offset the EBITDA challenges in 2011. We are tightening our earnings outlook for the full year to $2.24 to $2.30 per share, which is an increase of approximately 11% to 14% of share compared to 2010. We expect free cash flow to come in slightly higher than adjusted earnings in 2011 due primarily to timing differences. Turning to 2012, while we have not yet finalized our 2012 plan, we want to share some preliminary thoughts regarding the overall market environment. We'll provide more detailed guidance at our Analyst Day, which is scheduled for February 14. As Gary outlined, we continue to expect a challenging economic environment for our clients in 2012. However, given the nondiscretionary nature of our services and our strong business model, we expect that we will continue to drive organic revenue growth in 2012. We anticipate that revenue growth within our International business will continue to outpace the North American growth, given the more mature market in the U.S., the highly-competitive environment and the ongoing impact of bank consolidations. We believe that improved operating leverage and our ability to manage costs will enable us to more than offset continued pricing compression and client consolidation in 2012. With that in mind, we expect EBITDA to grow more closely in line with our revenue in 2012 and expect the margin to be higher compared to 2011.  And finally, our thoughts regarding the cash remain consistent with our previous outlook. While we are focused on growing the business organically, we continue to look for opportunities to augment growth with mergers and acquisitions. That being said, the newly authorized share repurchase program provides us with additional flexibility to repurchase stock if we are unable to find deals that provide good strategic and financial benefits for FIS.  That concludes our prepared comments. Thank you for your time this morning. We look forward to seeing you all in Orlando on February 14. Operator, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Glenn Greene, Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I guess a few questions. I guess the first one would be kind of the fourth quarter implicit EBITDA ramp by Mike. Quickly sort of back of the envelope, I get about $490 million EBITDA. Maybe, Mike, if you can tell if that directionally make sense. And how do you sort of think about the ramp from 3Q to 4Q? And I know there are some seasonality there.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, I think that's directionally correct. There is a little ramp going in the fourth quarter. There's always a little seasonality. I think as we stated throughout the year, we've had continued sales success heading back into last year. So we've got some backlog coming on board. So we feel pretty good about the finish to the year. So there's going to be a little ramp expected going in the fourth quarter.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: No other sort of specific callouts or just sort of the normal seasonality. And I guess the question is, how do you get comfortable with that?
Michael D. Hayford: I think it's a normal seasonality. Again, it's the backlog of sales that we've previously closed.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then not to press too much on the high-level 2012 comments, but sort of just suggesting some organic growth, I mean, people are going to walk away from this call saying that's kind of disappointing relative to what we're sort of seeing year-to-date, maybe with some of the commentary from some of your peers. And also related to that, it kind of sounded like flattish margin leverage.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, first of all, we're not really giving our outlook for '12 at this stage. So I think the message there is that even though the market -- there's a little choppiness and uncertainty in the financial institutions, we do expect to grow next year. And leave it at that, we expect growth will come out and share the level that we expect to grow when we do our call in the 14th of February. So the intent isn't to mean -- say anything other than we are going to grow. And secondly, in the margin, we thought it was important. As we looked at '10 -- '11 versus '10, we had some margin compressions in various areas, and we do apples-to-apples comparison. We feel pretty good about the underlying business continuing to perform. And so as we look at '12 versus '11, we just wanted to make a statement that we do expect we'll get some margin expansion in '12.
Frank Martire: So Glenn, our account was to say we expect growth next year. We will not look into the specific as to what that would be at this point.
Gary Norcross: And as we stated, I mean, we still have a very strong pipeline. We're not seeing any degradation in our pipeline, and we're continuing to close business out there.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Greg Smith, Sterne Agee.
Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Can you just step back -- I mean, EBITDA has been shaded lower, and it seems like we're not getting that much margin expansion next year. But just what are some of the specific challenges that have come up this year relative to expectations a number of months ago?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, let's answer this in order. I mean, first of all, we're not saying how much margin expansion we're getting next year. We're just saying we're getting some -- I don't want anybody to read into that, that we're trying to indicate a level of expansion. And again, what we've tried to do in 2011, as we've gone through the year, is show you where the margin expansion challenges are. So if you look at a couple of the big items we called out, clearly, Capco has driven some nice growth. They've performed well in Europe. We've had some challenges in the North American market. And so overall, it's been diluted from margins. We've called out each quarter so you could see how that impacts -- again, our view in Capco is still very bullish for the long haul. I think they've done a nice job of moving their business forward, and we think the opportunities it allows for the broader FIS to get involved in some large transaction continues to be very improvement for us. We've also had some onetime items. And again, last year, those onetime items were not embedded in the EBITDA that you're looking at, so as you look at some of the integration-related costs or the onetime costs related to severance and M&A that we've called out each quarter. And then -- again, trying to look at last year -- this quarter, we had some items last year that were onetime of nature. So the margins are a little lower than we had anticipated going into the year. But compared to last year, we feel pretty good that we're maintaining our own and expanding them slightly in an apples-to-apples comparison.
Gary Norcross: Greg, this is Gary. Keep in mind as well, I mean, we talked about in my remarks for the last several quarters, we continue to see a trend towards services, professional services, outsourcing services, back-office services. They just come on in a much different revenue mix than our licensing business. So when we were going through our planning side, we've always solved that the larger institutions were going to look -- and all of the institutions would look to leverage scale over time to get more cost-efficient. But that trend is going faster through 2011 than what we thought.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just broadly on cost savings opportunities, I mean, where do we stand? Is there any low-hanging fruit left from all the acquisitions? Or are we largely done with that at this point?
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, I would say no longer a low-hanging fruit, but I would say we're kind of -- we're 2 years past the integration of Metavante. And I think Gary and the team continue to look for ways to get more leverage. I think going -- as we're looking through the budget process going into 2012, we'll continue to do that. And I think they're doing a nice job of finding some additional areas to get some leverage. We have to do that every year, as we've talked about in the past. And so I think we'll certainly get some of those going into next year. I don't think that there's simple things to do. I think the team has done a nice job of finding them.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one last question. Any initial range for the tax rate next year, Mike?
Michael D. Hayford: I'll hold off on that. It's a little difficult year-over-year as you look at it. Part of the challenge this year versus last year, if your remember, last year, we didn't get to earn any credit until the fourth quarter. So fourth quarter rate was extremely low, and then the full year was -- came in. This year, the team has done a very nice job. There's some onetime things. There are some things that will carry forward into next year. But when we get to kind of the full-year outlook, we'll give you the tax expectations.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Dave Koning of Baird.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess, first of all, just on International. I mean, it's clearly evident you talked about the deceleration coming just with the very strong growth you've had the last 4 quarters and with the anniversary of the Brazil portfolio. How should we look at the mix of growth now, though? I mean, is that still a double-digit grower, that business as you kind of outlined before? And kind of how do the other 2 businesses, Financial and Payments, in North America may be offset? I mean, are those going to start to pick up the growth a little bit in Q4? It seems like the costs maybe are a little easier. Does that get a little better? How should we think about this kind of going forward the next couple of quarters?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, first of all, International, as you can see, we've had tremendous growth this year, much higher than obviously the teams that we would anticipate long-term. But as we shared some of this, it's going to be -- we're going to grow over the Bradesco conversion. Just keep in mind, we still expect very strong growth in that whole Brazil operations. It just doesn't have the onetime pop again after the conversion. So our long-term expectation for International continues to be double-digit. We still think that's going to be a much faster growth market for us than the U.S. market. Your points on the rest, FSG had very good growth, the first 2 quarters of the year. Third quarter really was just some grow over challenges of some licenses that we had booked third quarter of last year. So I'd expect that to pick up again in the fourth quarter. PSG has been a challenge for us. We're seeing a lot of movement, a lot of activity around -- coming out of Durbin. Even day by day, the bank's kind of changing the strategies. So I think we've still got to wait and see how that comes out. The team's done a nice job of maintaining earnings in that area. And we do expect that we're going to get a little bit better growth than we've seen recent quarters. But that PSG is going to continue to be a tough business. FSG, we expect third quarter is more of an anomaly for the year than the norm. And International, we're still pretty bullish on that long-term.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just a few real quick ones. There's -- I guess you sold your portion of monetized, the 51% U.S. portion that you own. Is that in guidance? Is there going to be a gain in Q4 from them? Is that in guidance?
Michael D. Hayford: No, that wasn't in my outlook that I gave you. We're still doing the accounting, but there will be -- we expect a slight pickup on this. It's just the way that worked out. Just to clarify, we basically sold that portion of the JV, but took equity in the parent company. So we're still very involved in monetized.
Gary Norcross: And have a lot more commercial arrangement.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, and have a partnership going forward if nothing else change the structure a little bit.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then the other 2 quick ones are just, what was Capco's year-over-year growth in Q3 standalone? And then is the minority interest, the $3.9 million or whatever that was, a lot higher than normal? Is that going to stay higher? Is that going to go back to the $1 million-or-so quarter?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, the minority interests are tied to our JV down in Brazil. And so as that grows, that number is going to continue to grow. So we expect Brazil to continue to perform so that number would continue to be at that level or hopefully go up, right, as we get more earnings. Capco North America, relatively flat growth year-over-year -- sorry, the European operations had very strong growth year-over-year. So Capco European organic growth year-over-year in the third quarter, the Brazil JV third quarter and then as we've seen the rest of the year, the International business outside of that has also had continued strong growth.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Peter Heckman, Avondale Partners.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: As regards Capco and some of the expertise that it brought in the capital markets area, can you talk about some of the projects or some of the demand drivers within capital markets that might be driving some professional services work or strategic consulting, and then any success in kind of pouring that expertise over to the U.S. or other markets?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I think on the capital markets side, that's one of their -- they get 4 really domains that they focus their consulting business in, and capital markets being a very strong kind of legacy of that organization that contained -- has a lot of success. There's a couple of deals we didn't share today that they're finalizing, particularly in Europe. The capital marketplace has the same kind of pressures and challenges of commercial banking and retail banking. And I think their position and reputation in that market is extremely strong. So they've continued to do well. And we'll talk with some of the deals as we get those signed and ready to announce. I'd say bringing capital markets expertise, obviously, we've got a limited or less than capital markets. So I'd say it's more of those relationships in those financial institutions where it provides value to the rest of FIS. So they generally have a higher level of relationship, where they've worked with more C-level executives over the years and have formed deep relationships. And that's been a tremendous success, bringing FIS in for those discussions, dialogue, it's early stage solving. The business challenges that the FIS have, whether it be efficiency, whether it be kind of new technology of products, changing markets or regulatory, and then it's generally earlier stage and responding to our piece. So we've been pretty excited about that level of access to the executives that they brought to us.
Gary Norcross: And keep in mind, Pete, I mean, as Mike stated, they have 4 domains. So it's just not purely capital markets. And we're seeing a lot of consulting engagements in and around this transformation in both Europe and North America, where these larger clients were struggling with getting more efficient. And also, while the North American growth rates and the EBITDA production has not been what we expected, as we shared with you in the prior call, that was due to a very, very large single client loss. So the team there in North America has done a very good job of selling through that. And now they have a far less concentrated client base. So they have far less exposure. So that organization is in much better position going forward and seeing consulting engagements across all 4 of their domains.
Peter J. Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then as regards, you brought in the bill payment for BMO Harris. Can you talk about the conversion of M&I and BMO to systematics, how that's going and when do you expect the final conversion?
Gary Norcross: Yes, well, we're still working through it with BMO Harris. As you guys are aware, we've talked about them in prior calls. We have the processing relationship with BMO Harris and also with M&I. So as we pulled these 2 groups together, right now, the conversion is scheduled for third quarter of next year, but we're still working through the details of that. And there are going to be components like we mentioned this quarter, where BMO Harris came on with their bill payment on our entire solutions stack. So obviously, M&I was using us for bill payment services as well. So that gets combined together. So we're trying to stage the project. Any project of this size will require some staging. And we expect a significant long-term relationship with the combined entity.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Brett Huff, Stephens Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: A quick question, just trying to get a little more quantification, if possible, on the Capco U.S. big project that went away. I think it was in mid-1Q that you started talking about it. Can you give us any sort of how big that is, what kind of impact that had on organic growth for the company or in the North America segment this quarter?
Michael D. Hayford: I don't know quarter-wise, but that was -- last year, the client that was driving approximately $60 million of revenue to Capco. And this year, it's probably under $10 million or around $10 million. So again, it was the largest client, significant client. It was a surprise to Capco and us. Obviously, it was one of these situations where it wasn't project-related or even technology investment. It was a business decision at the FI level, and not just in this project, but across the board in terms of what they decided to going forward. So, I mean, you can see the impact on a year-over-year basis, that was a pretty strong revenue stream for Capco last year during fourth quarter, and then this year, it's much, much smaller.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Sure. And then just in terms of the conversations with clients both in the U.S. and I guess specifically in Europe, Gary, I always appreciate your insight into that and kind of what they're asking, what they're thinking. Has anything really changed versus last quarter in the U.S.? And what has changed in the conversations versus last quarter in Europe?
Gary Norcross: Brett, I appreciate the question, but it really hasn't changed that much quarter-over-quarter. I mean, whether you're in Europe, whether you're in Asia, Latin America or North America, our clients are looking to -- for help and they're looking -- and our prospects are looking for help. And they're looking for primarily leveraging it through the services side. So that's why we continue to see that growth in services quarter-over-quarter. Everybody wants to leverage our scale. They realized they can no longer afford to run their legacy applications. They no longer afford to continue with large in-house development shops. And so they're looking for ways for us to help transform them in a more cost-effective way. And so that really hasn't changed over the last 2 quarters. And if we monitor our pipeline very closely and we can [indiscernible] you just see just more and more demand in those areas.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you called out some pricing in Payments. Mike, can you -- any more specific detail on that? Has that gotten worse than prior quarters? Or is that just sort of reiterating the fact of life in sort of processing?
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, I think that's more just kind of how the business works. There's been some compression. We see it every year as we put our plans together. I don't know that I'd say it's significantly worse or different this year or this quarter. But it is -- part of the Payments' challenge, as we talked about, is the check secular decline. You've got some pricing pressure, which is normal. You've got some consolidation of some customers in that business. And then we had a little slow down, as we talked about in the past, people waiting to see the outcome of the Durbin and how that would impact them. And I think quite frankly, we're still going to see a little -- we'll just have to wait and see where institutions come down and what they're going to do with their debit programs and...
Gary Norcross: [indiscernible]
Michael D. Hayford: And it's changed, right? It changed week-by-week.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And then any -- just last quick question on housekeeping. The corporate cost run rate, it's moved around a little bit. Any -- what's a good number going forward, if there is? And will that jump around?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I think if you normalize this quarter, it's similar to last years' quarter, so in the 85 to 90 range.
Operator: Next question is from the line of David Togut, Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Gary, your opening comments were very helpful in terms of client trends. Could you elaborate a bit as you kind of, let's say, start with community banks up to mid- to large-sized banks in terms of unit demand trends and financial segment? And also if you could layer on some insights in terms of unit pricing trends.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Yes, I'll be happy to do that. When you look at community institutions -- let's just start there. That was where you started. If you look at community, there's still an element of community institutions that are struggling with survival. We continue to see FDIC closures or arranged marriages in the market. But I would tell you, there's a very large portion of community institutions that weathered the storm and making some investments, as evidenced by our core wins and some of our competitive cross sales. Interesting, towards the latter part of the third quarter, we saw a spike in our new account openings due to some of the fee generation, tactics at the large financial institutions put in place. As you guys are aware, a lot of those institutions now have pulled back on those fees. But there really -- we really could see an increase of account movement to those community institutions. And obviously, that benefits us because we do so much outsourcing in that space, we'll get increases and account volumes on the core banking side and get increases on the transaction side on our Payments businesses. So yes, I think the majority of the community institutions have weathered the storm, and they're starting to make strategic acquisitions and strategic investments. When we move up in the mid-tier market, once again, we're a very, very large provider in that space, heavily tied to outsourcing. Mid-tier and large financial institutions both are really driving a lot of services business for us. Those services are coming really in 2 forms. So keep in mind the data processing that we always provide and the payment processing. But when I talk about services, I'm talking about IT services. They either drive implementation where our financial institutions are acquiring other financial institutions. So we'll continue to see very strong demand in that area. We're also seeing unique enhancements in support of our clients driving programming services into their organization to make it more efficient as well. So when you get start moving up in that market, you see a lot more of the acquisitions occurring. We think -- as I shared in my comments, we think we're very favorably positioned there, given our market share in mid-tier and LFI, and we've seen that over the last several quarters with our business growth in those areas.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And could you elaborate also on unit pricing trends in each segments as well?
Gary Norcross: As Mike shared, the pricing compression has been -- I've been in this business for well over 20 years, and we've always seen some form of pricing compression. It's a competitive market. Are those pricing compressions increasing? I would say, slightly, yes. But I would also tell you that we're -- given our scale, we're able to compete very, very effectively in that market because of our scale. The nice thing that's playing in our favor is because of the undisputable trend towards outsourcing, not only your data processing but your professional services, your back-office services. Because of our scale in that area, it really puts us in a very nice position on that front.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just finally, Mike, a question for you. I think Greg asked a little earlier about the cost picture. Your principal competitor has, I think, a very sizable cost takeout program in place. I mean, since you're in the same businesses essentially, why wouldn't you start a more formal quantified cost takeout program to help margins longer-term?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, first of all, we've had one, right? We've had one as part of the merger integration with FIS and Metavante. I think because they've chosen to share a 5-year plan and lay that out, we -- as part of our annual budgeting cycle and going through this that we talked about, Gary and his team described it, too, and they find ways to take out costs. It's the nature of our business. You have to do it every year. And that's part of how you get your earnings growth, and it's part of how your expansion. So I appreciate the input. We look at how we do that, how many years we set a target. But I think we've talked in the past about kind of the basis points per year that we target. And when we get to our Investor Day, we'll clearly lay that out.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I was just going to add a little bit. Historically, just look back on our -- I mean, we've always been very prudent with our expenses. And we -- to Mike's point, we've always -- the team's done an excellent job of managing their expenses. And instead of making a big deal about it, we just -- we expect our teams to be more efficient each and every year in the services they deliver. Now there are going to be occasional exceptions. But as Mike said, we're going to the 2012 process. We're just, like every year, scrubbing our businesses, building out our plans and being very focused. And we want to make sure that we get margin expansion in 2012 and continue to grow our business. And so that's the way we've always run the company.
Frank Martire: David, this is Frank. It's not clear why -- the announcement on expense takeouts. It's how we run our business each and every day. I will tell you, as we go through the budget cycle, if we feel we need to get more aggressive in our operations and expense takeout, we'll do that. So that's clearly something we look at. But we're going to do that as a course of business. And if we feel those are the steps we need to take, then we're all for it, and we'll take those steps.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar, Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So if I paraphrase your margin comments, you said you had the ability to offset such things as revenue mix, pricing and so on for 2012. You provided some details on pricing there. Are there any other onetime factors we need to worry about for 2012 that we need to account for other than revenue mix and pricing?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, again, I think our business, as we look at it going forward, it's been this way. You've got the pricing compression, you've got consolidation in the marketplace and then you've got the opportunity within our install base. We do get to push through some increases in some parts of the business. You get volume growth. Gary talked about our customers adding accounts, adding -- consolidating with banks. And then you sell and you grow. I think the story portrayal is going to be very similar. We've shown that we can do that and get top line growth. But those headwinds are not something new. Again, we haven't seen dramatic changes. We have that in '08 and '09, but we haven't had that kind of ongoing. It's been more normalized compression and loss. And that would be our expectation going into '12. So we'll certainly lay that out, but I think you should look at in, say, '12 normalized year, challenging as ever. But we expect sort to grow.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And use of cash, what's your thoughts between M&A versus debt paydown versus buyback? How full is your deal pipeline looking? Any comments on deal pricing?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, so we've got debt we have maintain -- we talked about what our mandatory payments are next year. We think we've done a nice job of deleveraging from the recap last summer and continuing to move towards our EBITDA multiple targets that we've had. Secondly, we always are out in the market looking for acquisitions. We still think there's opportunities to do some acquisitions with some of the private companies we brought in the past, expand market share, diversify internationally or other segments in the market where we can get higher growth. So we will continue to look at that. And then as you've seen, if we can't find the right fit strategically with the proper financial return, we'll use some of that cash flow and buyback shares in our board. It's allowed us the flexibility with the renewal of our buyback program to do more of that. But we're still pretty bullish on finding some deals to get some added growth and continue to consolidate the marketplace.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Any comments on deal pricing there?
Michael D. Hayford: I'd say the deal pipeline is very active. I think we'll continue to see -- we've seen this probably the last 3 or 4 years that institutions like to have a vendor size and scale. They like to have a provider who's going to around for the long haul. They like to have a provider that has a strong balance sheet and cash flow to reinvest in the business, and they'd prefer to work with fewer vendors that they have some leverage with and broad relationship. And so I think we've seen companies that don't fit all these characteristics continue to come up as potential opportunities for us. I'd say the pipeline is as active as ever. And again, we think there's some nice opportunity to pursue. I'm not quite as bullish on the pricing expectations. I think that we go through these cycles where pricing is always pegged to the highest valuation in a historical sense as opposed to a future sense. And so we said to be disciplined as a buyer and make sure we don't overpay, we get the right value out of an acquisition.
Frank Martire: That's right. So we have an eye for growth, clearly, organically but clearly also with acquisitions. But we will be prudent in what we would spend financially to make sure there's a return on the business. But we clearly do have an eye towards acquisitions, and we want to grow the company that way, along with organic growth.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Julio Quinteros, Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Mike, maybe just to go back and try, I guess, continue to be on this 2012 commentary a little bit more. You do expect to see organic growth, and on top of that, you do expect to see EBITDA margins expand. Is that correct?
Michael D. Hayford: Yes. I mean, that's the 2 comments we've made that -- and here's why we're making these comments. I think we've gone through periods, and the last couple of months have been a fair amount of noise about financial institutions, particularly in Europe. And while we think there are continued challenges, the nature of our business, because of what we do and how important we are to FI, we still think there are opportunities for us to grow. And so we just want to make the statement that we don't -- while we see it's challenging, we still see it's a growth market for us, and we're going to get growth in 2012. Comment on margin is, if you look back at our history the last 5 years, I think we've done as well as anybody, taking our EBITDA margins and improving them. This year, we've explained year-over-year, if you do apples-to-apples, it's a pretty solid margin story. But at an absolute level, it's a little lower than people would look at what we had anticipated. So going into '12, that's a focus of Gary and his team to find out where we can take -- make improvements, focus on mix, focus on taking costs out and getting some margin expansion in 2012.
Frank Martire: So if you look at that, we clearly expect to have organic growth next year, okay? To clarify that point one more time. And also, there will be a very clear focus on margin expansion into 2012 from the top management of this company on down.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. And maybe just 2 other quick points. On the point about consolidation in the industry, is there something specific that you guys are expecting to materialize in 2012, a large client going away or something along those lines that would cause you to flag that? I'm just a little surprised because consolidation happens all the time, but it just seems like this time, at least you guys pointed out, you went out of your way to make it a point.
Michael D. Hayford: No, I mean, I think we try to make it a point every quarter that we have consolidation. We talked in the past about the one, and we got the questioning in today. M&I has been merging with Harris. We're looking through that. We're sitting on both sides. But I think we've been pretty upfront that as that moved, we think it's going to reduce our revenue stream over the long haul, but still be a significant client. But no, we don't -- I mean, we're trying to highlight any additional consolidation other than the ongoing risk in the marketplace. But I think we've highlighted that consistently.
Gary Norcross: Yes, these are risks that everybody's exposed to in the industry. In fact, we've highlighted a number of time on calls just the fact that our position in the mid-tier and large financial institution, actually, consolidation could play to our strength, right? Because a lot of the acquisitions that are occurring is the mid-tier and larger institutions doing their acquiring. So -- and doing the nature of our leverage model. So it's just an industry issue.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just lastly, the ATM guys, the Diebolds and NCRs of the world, have reported really strong order growth from the small- and community-sized banks. Just trying to juxtapose a little bit in terms of where the priorities could be right now for the banks. When you sort of lay out core versus some of the channels, whether it's the retail branches themselves or the ATMs, is there something interesting happening in the industry here that seems to be driving a little bit more spending on some of those ATM technology versus the core systems? Or do these things kind of happen in sequence and we're sort of in a natural course of the sort of the upgrades that have to happen? I'm just curious on how that eventually impacts the core as we start thinking about kind of the next couple of years here.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I mean, it really is cyclical in nature. If you look at it, we do see and we highlighted in my remarks several financial institutions that are going to our TouchPoint channel suite. And so we are see investments in channel. When you're looking community institutions specifically and their upgrading of ATMs, as I said in an earlier remark, you're seeing a natural progression of these community institutions who have survived the storm and they're making investments. Some -- a lot of the ATM technology, especially in community institutions, is very old. And what they're doing is they're upgrading their technology to compete with the large financial institutions. Some of the newer models provide some efficiencies with image capture and some of those things, and that helps push activity out of the branch at a more cost-effective level. So in general, it's just really a cycle. But we are seeing clients invest across the channels, especially in the channels that can drive more cost-effective deployment of those same services.
Michael D. Hayford: Now, I would -- now that [ph] to us is I think we still continue to believe there's some institutions out there and probably more mid-size and large who are running legacy environments around core or customer or channel that need to be upgraded. And as they continue to stabilize their balance sheet, we expect that to be opportunity in the future.
Gary Norcross: At the end of the day, the financial institutions out there are looking at just every area to help drive cost efficiencies. And coming down more modern core-like FIS provides on an outsourcing basis, leveraging our scale and services, leveraging our solutions across the channels, all benefit them from that standpoint.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang, JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of questions, I guess. Mike, just the International, what was the growth, excluding the Brazilian JV? And tied to that, sort of Gary, what's the outlook for sort of new wins inside the Brazilian JV? What does it look like organically or inorganically?
Michael D. Hayford: Tien-Tsin, I don't have it right in front of me. I mean, again, the 3 components of International growth, JV grew well. Year-over-year, we have a conversion [indiscernible] which was kind of a onetime profit. And on top of that, they continue to add new cards each month. Capco had very, very strong growth in Europe. And then the rest of the business, Gary's team has done very well as well. So I don't have the split right in front of me.
Gary Norcross: Let me speak to the sales efforts within International, and I think specifically, Tien-Tsin, you asked about the JV. To Mike's point, we are seeing good, strong -- continue to see good, strong organic growth on cards. We're up to about 48 million cards on that environment today. We're seeing a very nice pipeline of expanding services across those client basis in the joint venture. So we're still very bullish on the joint venture going forward. When you really step away from the JV, though, the International story is very positive. I mean, we're having strong sales success in Europe and Asia and really all of the regions. And really, it's across a combination of core and Payments. And we talked a lot about that at our Investor update last year. We'll talk about it more again this year. But all in all, the International story is a very strong one, and we're seeing nice organic benefit across all those areas.
Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Good, good. That's good to know. Just this last follow-up, just on the U.S. side in debit. I'm curious, is it biased still to think that post-Durbin, you'll see it to be a positive there within the debit in the ATM business? Or has it tone-changed a little bit there?
Gary Norcross: I think debit's bouncing all over the -- I mean, I think Durbin's bouncing all over the place. I mean, it seems like every week, there's -- someone's got another idea or a different approach. We're still cautiously optimistic. We had some very strong success in sales across our NYCE Network. We've seen very strong growth there. We've seen nice transaction growth in debit. And so I would say we continue to be cautiously optimistic about that going into 2012. But it's going to continue to bounce around as LFI is greater than $10 billion. Try to understand what this means for the April deadline.
Tien-Tsin T Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. [indiscernible].
Michael D. Hayford: Yes.
Gary Norcross: Yes.
Michael D. Hayford: Tien-Tsin, back in Brazil cards. So if you remember last year, we convert them, we sent about 40 million a year. So [indiscernible] 10 per quarter converted, and it's growing on top of that. So it's probably 12 million, 13 million as to growth year-over-year in card.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Bryan Keane, Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify the lengthening in the sales cycle. Is that just in International? Is that both International and North America. And maybe, what's driving that?
Gary Norcross: Really, I would say in general, it's across the board. And I think it's just -- I think at the end of the day, it's economic. We're also seeing our pipeline grow, and we're continuing to close a lot of business. And we feel very comfortable about our sales performance going in 2012. But because of all the regulatory uncertainty around Durbin, for example, we're still seeing some hangover and people trying to figure out what decisions they're going to make and how that goes. But what we're finding is our -- also, our proposals are more broader in nature than they were in the past. So as I shared earlier, our clients are really looking for a more holistic solution across the board, whether it's channels, branch, delivery, core and back-office. And so it just takes time. And so we're not concerned about it, but it is -- but the deal flow is lengthening. But the pipeline is continuing to grow. We continue to sign some very good business, and we're seeing it across the globe.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, Mike, I might have missed it. But did you give the professional services and license sales numbers year-over-year? And I don't know if there's a way to look at that organically with Capco in there.
Michael D. Hayford: No, I didn't reference that. And again, Capco year-over-year is a pretty strong growth, particularly in Europe. U.S. is actually relatively flat as we talk about year-over-year because of the loss going to client. But PSO year-over-year is about 8% growth. And then software is actually down. We talked about some large sales [indiscernible] last year. That's down about 12% year-over-year.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just last question. I think part of the confusion on '12 was I think in your comments, Mike, you expected EBITDA to grow flat or to grow in line with revenue growth. So that would be -- unless I got that -- I wrote that down wrong, that would mean -- you wouldn't see EBITDA margin expansion. But obviously, you guys reiterated several times that you are going to see EBITDA margin expansion. So maybe you can just clarify the difference there.
Michael D. Hayford: No, I mean, that's a good catch. In line, plus, right? So it's going to be slightly higher than the revenue growth because we're going to get margin expansion. So I guess the message is top line growth and then our EBITDA is going to grow slightly faster than our revenue growth.
Frank Martire: So we may have caused some confusion there, Bryan, but we will have EBITDA margin expansion in 2012.
Gary Norcross: Absolutely.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Dan Perlin, RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Mike, I was wondering if you could, I don't know, qualify maybe a little bit how we should be thinking about the margin differential for your outsourcing versus license, if that mix shift occurs next year. And then really the relative size of those deals historically or how they're being kind of packaged in RFPs.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, on outsourcing versus license, it's not just license businesses, according to your book, that it's almost -- well, it is all profit, right? So you booked at 100% margin that quarter. That's why the year-over-year comparisons are tough. I think we look at the license business more in totality and look at year-over-year of the amount of license fees that we're going to book consistent with the prior year. And so as we work through the '12 plan, we'll be looking at that. But licensing, if it's 100% margin, our outsourcing business, you can assume it's kind of our average margin of our business, somewhat higher. It's generally run higher than PSO over the long haul, but again, can be higher margin in the short window. But again, software, I guess matched up with a software or you got to drive higher outsourcing. Gary pointed out that, I'd say, the deals were engaged in -- we like outsourcing opportunities that are more than a single product. So we like multiple products. We like kind of a broad base of solving a business challenge, creating a business solutions as opposed to just single product technology solution. We think we have a broader breadth of products out there, and we're able to go in with more scale than most of our competitors. So those are the kind of deals. I think when Gary talked about elongating the pipeline, those take longer to sell.
Gary Norcross: Exactly. And keep in mind, I mean, we talked a lot about margin expansion and the fact that we're going get it in 2012 as we have historically. One of the ways we get there is cost actions. One of the ways we get there is we've got a lot of leverage in our leverage processing environments. And so that naturally drives margin expansion as well. When we talk about software, keep in mind, we're trying to identify for you guys trends we're seeing in the market. And I think it is safe to say that going into 2012, we think that trends going to continue to be going towards outsourcing because that's where the financial institutions can truly get the most benefit. So as we're going to our 2012 planning process, do we think software is going away? No. But we do continue to think that there'll be a trend where more and more of our deals will go on an outsourcing basis.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So that absolute dollar for those deals, in addition to the mix shift, it sounds like it's also getting bigger given the multiple product facet. So let me just shift...
Gary Norcross: An outsourcing transaction on a revenue basis is typically much higher.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. And increasing with more products even so?
Gary Norcross: Exactly.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So that should be good for leverage. As we just kind of think about kind of cleansing some of the onetime stuff, so you made it sound like Capco had a negative $50 million kind of hit-tish this year with that North America client. So we won't have that next year, but Bradesco probably added the incremental $30-or-so million with that portfolio, which we also will not have that year. Is that correct?
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, I think those numbers are pretty accurate with what we've talked about.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then as we look at Capco's business and kind of the, I guess, evidenced to win larger RFPs, are you finding that you've been pulled into all of those deals that you would have expected to have been pulled into this year or kind of left out for a lack of a product set that maybe you didn't have. I'm just wondering how that has played out thus far.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I think as we shared, I think we've been very pleased with the type of discussions and dialogues. So I mean, 2 types, one is just engaging at the executive level on vision, direction, where FIS can help at a broader level than just the Capco consulting side to help institutions. And then very specific transactions where we're able to go in. In some cases, initiate a dialogue and put a proposal on the table that the client was not even considering or engaged in and look at where we can help them with their product and their efficiency. And in some cases, our clients, as FIs all over the globe are struggling more and more to become more efficient with the cost structures where they reached out and we've come in with kind of a broader proposal. So again, it's the discussion dialogue as well, probably better than we had expected when we did the Capco transaction. These things take a lot of time. We need to get them signed and announce them, share with you guys. But we're still very pleased with the type of discussions, the type of opportunities we're seeing.
Frank Martire: Yes, we've gotten into some level of organization, globally, that we would not been able to do, quite honestly, on our own as FIS before Capco. So that's been very, very encouraging. So now what we're looking to is, as Mike said and Gary, just close some deals.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Does that make your business a little bit more lumpy, do you think?
Michael D. Hayford: Actually, I think it will take to the opposite. I think it will -- because the type of transactions are going to be more recurring, long-term contracts.
Gary Norcross: Yes, more transformational in nature. And I'll have a heavy services component and heavy delivery components really bringing our strengths to the company to bear for these financial institutions to help transform their institution.
Frank Martire: End result should be less lumpy.
Gary Norcross: Exactly.
Operator: And our final question is from the line of Andrew Jeffrey, SunTrust.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to elaborate or ask you to elaborate a little bit on David's question with regard to the domestic competitive environment. And I realize that pricing has always been sort of modestly negative in this business. But is there -- is it your sense that because the market has the outsourced processing market as consolidated as much as it has in the last few years, that increasingly, it's a 0 sum game whereby you and your largest competitor are kind of going head-to-head for business across a financial institution spectrum? Or would you encourage me to think about that differently? I'm just trying to get a little more nuance on the competitive environment.
Frank Martire: I think, Andrew, a couple of points there. I think Gary talked about and Mike some. First of all, is there a price compression? Yes, it is there. And Gary even alluded to the fact that maybe it's a little bit greater than it's been in previous years. But we have the size and scale that we could deal with that. As far as our competition, I think we'll be careful -- you talked about our major competitors. There's a couple of others out there who aren't the largest and who are highly-competitive. They have some very good products. And then there's the whole card side of the business, too, where we have other competitors. So when we look at that landscape of competitors, we don't look at just one. There's multiple, probably 7, 8, 10 different competitors we look at, depending on what products we're selling. And I don't think you should just look at it as just the largest out there, but there's some others who are very -- have very viable good products that we compete against.
Gary Norcross: Yes, and to build on that, Andrew, I mean, it does change by the market. So we don't see our traditional and domestic competitors anywhere in our International markets, all right? We see a whole different level of competitors. When you're looking at the North American business in the community markets, I think there are a lot of competitors out there across both payments and across core processing. Interesting, as you move up in size, our largest single competitor in the large financial institution is the in-house developed software, right? So that's a different competitor than you might think. So really, you have to look at it by market, you have to look at it by geographic region. It's a competitive market out there. We don't, by any stretch of the imagination, think that there's just one competitor. We see a lot.
Frank Martire: And to reinforce Gary's comment, we have a very large International business. When you look at that side of competitors, it's very, very different than what we have domestically.
Michael D. Hayford: I would say, Andrew, to the domestic kind of [indiscernible] outsourcing market, community banks, mid-tier banks. We continue to believe it's going to be a small handful of providers who are going to be successful long-term. So whether it's 2 or 3. But it's not a lot that are going to compete nationwide. And I think we still have a belief that with that marketplace, there's an opportunity to continue to win deals, but also to be more price disciplined over the long haul.
Gary Norcross: Exactly.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's a really helpful color. And then final one on Capco. Are there any other callout customers where you have sort of event risk? Or how do you manage that when you look at the Capco business in light of the kind of the surprise you mentioned that occurred this year?
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, the answer will be no. Again, with a very large client that they had, it was circumstances behind it, where not something I think any of us would have predicted sitting in the room or any of you listening would have predicted a year ago. They've done a great job through necessity of diversifying their revenue streams. So while they have some clients larger than others, they have a much broader customer base. They have a much broader pipeline, they have a great group of partners that go out and sell. So I think as we're sitting here today, we feel much better about their diversification and to minimize any changes or impacts going forward.
Frank Martire: Andrew, as far as good news, bad news, you hate to lose one that large or decreased that much, but they diversified so well that we think we're in a much, much better position going into 2012.
Mary K. Waggoner: Thanks again, everyone, for joining us this morning. Please remain on the line for the telephone replay instructions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be replayed starting at 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time today and will run through November 15, midnight. You may dial the AT&T Executive Playback Service by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701, with the access code 219066. International callers may dial area code (320) 365-3844, access code 219066. That does conclude your conference. We do thank you for joining while using the AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Gary Norcross - Chief Operating Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President Frank Martire - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mary Waggoner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Michael Hayford - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brett Huff - Stephens Inc. David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc. Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co. Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mary Waggoner. Please go ahead.
Mary Waggoner: Thank you, Kathy, and welcome to everyone joining us this afternoon. Today's news release and supplemental slide presentation have been posted to our website at www.fisglobal.com. A replay of the audio portion of this call will be available on the website, as well as the dial-in number shortly after the call. With us today are Frank Martire, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gary Norcross, Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Hayford, Chief Financial Officer.  Please refer to the safe harbor language on Page 2 of the presentation. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Today's comments will focus on results from continuing operations and will include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in the attachment to the press release and the supplemental slide presentation.  I will now turn the call over to Frank Martire.
Frank Martire: Thanks, Mary. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I will begin the discussion with a brief summary of our financial results and business highlights for the second quarter. Gary will follow with the operations report, and then Mike will provide additional insight into our financial results and outlook for 2011.  We are very pleased with our continued revenue momentum and the strong growth in earnings per share. Revenue increased to $1.4 billion in the second quarter, which represents organic growth of 5.8%. These results were driven by strong performance within our Financial Solutions and International segments, including strong growth within Capco's European practice. Earnings per share increased 17% to $0.55 in the second quarter, and free cash flow rose to $195 million.  Starting with our Investor Day in 2009 and again in 2010, we shared with you our path to achieving 6% to 9% organic revenue growth. Because we serve all major market segments in the U.S., including community institutions, regional banks and large banks, and also have a substantial international business, we believe that FIS is very well positioned to participate in the market recovery as evidenced by the progress we are making towards achieving our long-term growth plan.  Organic growth has improved consistently during the last 6 quarters and has measured approximately 6% in each of the last 3 reporting periods. As we have discussed on prior calls, 2010 was a great year for new sales. We are off to another excellent start in 2011, and our global sales pipeline is stronger than ever.  As you will hear from Gary a little later on in the call, we continue to build on the success of the FIS and Metavante combination, which has enabled us to leverage our combined banking and Payment Solutions and industry expertise. We expect to achieve similar success with our recent acquisition of Capco. Capco's deep domain expertise and strong relationship in the large U.S. and global banking markets, combined with our market-leading technology, creates a very compelling value proposition for our clients. Demand for Capco's services is particularly robust in Europe, as shown by the strong growth in the first half of the year. We are very excited about having Capco as part of the FIS team, as we work with clients to solve their business challenges and transform their technology platforms.  Overall, we are very pleased with our second quarter results and the progress we are making to increase organic revenue growth and to drive higher earnings per share. And I am extremely proud of our management team and employees for staying focused on serving our clients and growing the business. Now Gary will continue with the business report. Gary?
Gary Norcross: Thank you, Frank, and thanks to everyone on the call. I will begin today's review with an overview of the global sales climate, followed by the operating highlights. As Frank discussed, we continue to see evidence of an improved spending environment, which is driving strong growth in our sales pipeline across the globe. Industry consolidation, regulatory changes and the ongoing challenges of competition and processing scale that our clients are facing, continue to drive opportunity for FIS.  The combination of our product set, which we believe is the broadest in the industry, and our global distribution team, have allowed us to participate in the improving spend environment. As discussed last quarter, we have seen clients continue to favor hosted solutions over in-house implementation, which have resulted in a mix shift from license revenue to processing and professional services. These trends provide longer-term stable revenue streams and also eliminate some of the volatility in both our revenue and margins due to onetime license fees.  Next, I am pleased to highlight some of our recent sales wins. Expansion of our core client base is an integral part of our growth strategy. These important relationships not only generate high reoccurring revenue and strong incremental margins, they also account for significant cross sales every year. We continue to gain market share in the community and mid-tier market, where the integration of our core platforms with delivery channels and Payment Solutions is a strong competitive differentiator for FIS.  2010 was a record year for core competitive wins, and we continue to win new business in 2011. Second quarter signings included United Bank, with approximately $9 billion in assets, and a large West Coast bank with more than $6 billion in assets. These new clients will also utilize a wide range of channel and Payment Solutions, including FIS eBanking, bill payment and debit solutions. The traction we are gaining with the NYCE Network and our bill Payment Solutions are great examples of our achievement in leveraging existing client relationships to drive higher pull-through revenue.  I am very pleased to announce that we recently extended and expanded our existing partnership with Intuit to provide a highly competitive online banking and bill payment solution, which leverages Intuit's strength and user experience with FIS expertise in payment processing. As part of the enhanced relationship, more than 500 financial institutions will migrate to the FIS bill payment platform from a competing provider within the next 18 to 24 months. This will increase the total number of institutions utilizing our bill payment solution to more than 4,000.  We are very excited to partner with an industry leader like Intuit as we continue to expand our presence within this market. We also continue to make good progress expanding our core and payment relationships in the large FI market, including a new managed services agreement with First Niagara Bank, a $30 billion multistate institution.  We are also very pleased to announce that Fifth Third Bank recently selected FIS as their new bill payment provider, bringing the total number of top 30 wins to 5 in the last year. The success that we are having with this product among large financial institutions and direct banks illustrates the strength and quality of our offering. As you can see, the team continues to do an outstanding job closing new deals and driving cross sales across the enterprise.  We are also seeing great results in our international business, including increasing demand for our debit and prepaid solutions. As we highlighted at the Investor Day last December, FIS is the only Fintech provider with combined core and payment capabilities outside of North America. The global migration towards electronic payments and prepaid cards is driving significant opportunities to leverage our global product set. And we are seeing strong demand for prepay, ATM switching and debit solutions. We added several new names to our growing list of prepaid clients during the second quarter, including the post office in the U.K., Pango [ph] In Germany, and Woolworths, which is Australia's largest retailer. And we look forward to sharing additional successes in the future.  Last quarter, we discussed our growing presence in emerging markets, including Asia and Brazil. We continue to see strong demand for our debit solutions in Asia, which we completed new processing agreements with one of the top 3 banks in India and a large EFT processor in Singapore during the second quarter. In Brazil, Banco Bradesco's pilot of the new ELO-branded credit card is going very well, with more than 80,000 cards being issued since April. We also began processing ELO-branded prepaid cards in June. We continue to feel very good about the Brazilian market and the strong opportunities we are seeing in our global business overall.  We have had a number of successes in Europe, including a newly expanded processing relationship with Deutsche Apotheker, as well as a multiyear extension of our core and securities processing solutions with ING-DiBa, both in Germany. This follows the new application management arrangement with ING Direct in France that we announced last September. As Frank mentioned, Capco is seeing substantial demand for business transformation services in Europe, and has experienced very strong growth in their European practice in the first 6 months as an FIS company. We continue to engage our large clients in differentiated opportunities, where we can leverage Capco's solution expertise and the vast delivery capabilities that FIS brings to the table. These joint transformative opportunities are a major reason that we acquired Capco.  Turning to our business operations. First, as a follow-up to last quarter's call, I am pleased to report that we have completed our assessment of the unauthorized activities on our Sunrise prepaid platform. The additional measures that we have taken to strengthen security are working, and we have experienced no additional financial impact. Our team did a great job containing the activity, and we remain diligent in our efforts to mitigate future risk. Next, I'll provide a brief update on the Durbin Amendment. As you're aware, the final rules were published on June 29. We are working very closely with existing and prospective clients and expect the changes to have a positive impact on our business overall. As an indication, more than 1,000 clients have participated in recent webinars that we have hosted on this topic. In addition, as you may have seen in yesterday's press release, we have signed a record number of new NYCE participants in the first half of 2011.  We believe that the exclusivity provision, which requires all issuers to have at least 2 unaffiliated networks on their cards, is a favorable outcome for the NYCE network. We do not believe that the revised new limits on debit interchange will materially impact the number of debit cards being issued by large financial institutions. Furthermore, as you are also aware, the Durbin Amendment does not impact our clients with less than $10 billion in assets.  Finally, I'd like to leave you with the following thoughts before turning the call over to Mike. We are optimistic that the outlook for the industry will continue to improve and that we will continue to move deals through the pipeline. We believe that the Durbin Amendment will have a favorable outcome on our business overall, and we are encouraged with the response we have received from our clients. We continue to anticipate increased consolidation in the industry, which creates both challenges and opportunities. Last, we feel very good about our client relationships, our winning track record and our global leadership position. Now I will turn it over to Mike for the financial report.
Michael Hayford: Thanks, Gary, and good afternoon. I'll begin with Slide 4 of the supplemental materials. Adjusted revenue growth was 13% for the quarter. Organic revenue growth, which is normalized for acquisitions and currency, was 5.8%, driven by strong results in financial solutions and our international business. Second quarter EBITDA increased 5.9% to $415 million compared to $392 million in the second quarter of 2010. EBITDA margin was 28.8% compared to 30.7% in the prior year quarter.  On Slide 5, we have provided a bridge that illustrates the impact of acquisitions and onetime items on our margin. Starting with the reported margin of 28.8% in the second quarter of 2011, we have adjusted the margin impact of the Capco acquisition. And as you recall, the lower margin consulting business has a negative impact on our overall margin. Additionally, approximately $5 million in onetime costs related to integration, severance, and M&A activity were included in the current year quarterly results. These costs were excluded from our adjusted operating results in 2010. This bridges to an EBITDA margin that is comparable to the prior year quarter.  On Page 6. Financial Solutions revenue increased 12.7% to $516 million and grew 5.2% organically. The increase was due primarily to strong growth in services revenue. Financial Solutions EBITDA increased 3.5% to $208 million. EBITDA margin was 40.3% compared to 43.9% in the prior year quarter, reflecting the higher mix of consulting and services revenue and lower license revenue.  As shown on Slide 7, Payment Solutions revenue totaled $632 million in the second quarter of 2011, which is a slight improvement over the second quarter of 2010. Payment Solutions revenue increased 4.1% compared to the second quarter of 2010, excluding the check business and the impact of the merchant platform consolidation. As you recall, merchant revenues recorded at gross in 2010 and is now being booked at net, now that the platforms are integrated.  Year-to-year comparisons should ease in the second half of the year now that we have cycled past that platform consolidation. Although we continue to face headwinds due to declining check volumes and ongoing competitive pressures, we believe having more clarity around the Durbin Amendment and the exclusivity provision in particular will have a positive impact on our payment business going forward. As a reminder, there is a seasonal component within PSG due to the peak tax processing revenues in the second quarter. Therefore, consistent with prior years, you should expect payments revenue to decline sequentially from second quarter to the third quarter.  Payment Solutions EBITDA increased 2.9% to $239 million, compared to $232 million in the second quarter of 2010. Second quarter EBITDA margin improved to 37.8% compared to 36.8% in 2010.  Turning to Slide 8. International revenue increased 57.8% to $293 million compared to $186 million in the second quarter of 2010. Revenue grew 25.2% on an organic basis. The strong performance was due to higher card processing volumes in Brazil, increased license sales and services revenue, including Capco's international operations. International EBITDA increased 44.3% to $61 million compared to $42 million in the second quarter of 2010. The margin was 20.9% compared to 22.8% in the prior year, reflecting the addition of the Capco revenues.  Corporate expense was $92 million in the second quarter of 2011 compared to $84 million in the prior year quarter. This increase is primarily due to increased stock-based concentration, increased employee benefit costs, increase in sales and marketing and the acquisition of Capco. As you will recall, corporate expenses for the third quarter of 2010 included a $10 million onetime benefit related to the reimbursement of legal fees, which will not recur in 2011. As we shared on last quarter's call, we would expect corporate costs to continue in the $90 million per quarter range, plus or minus 5%.  Please turn to Slide 9 for a reconciliation of net earnings. Second quarter net earnings from continuing operations totaled $172 million compared to $181 million in the second quarter of 2010. The decline in net earnings compared to the prior year quarter is due to higher interest expense associated with the leverage recapitalization that we completed in August of 2010. The resulting share count declined to 311 million shares in the second quarter of 2011 compared to 385 million shares in the second quarter of 2010. Average diluted shares increased on a sequential basis due to option dilution from the higher average share price.  Earnings per share from continuing operations increased 17% to $0.55 a share compared to $0.47 a share in the second quarter of 2010. The only adjustment to our reported GAAP numbers in the current quarter is the after-tax impact of purchase price amortization of $42 million or $0.14 per share. Approximately $5 million in onetime costs, including integration, severance and other M&A expenses are included in our 2011 results for the second quarter of 2011, and reduced these earnings per share by approximately $0.01.  The effective tax rate was 32% in the second quarter of 2011 compared to 37% in the second quarter of 2010 and 35% in the first quarter of 2011. The decline was largely due to a onetime tax settlement related to our international business. We hope to keep our full year effective tax rate at the lower end of our guidance range of 35% to 36%.  As shown on Slide 10, free cash flow totaled $195 million compared to $107 million in the second quarter of 2010. The increase was due to lower tax payments and the timing of working capital. Capital expenditures totaled $68 million compared to $75 million in the prior year quarter. Debt outstanding declined to $4.9 billion as of June 30, 2011, and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 5% at quarter end. Additional detail on our debt is provided in the appendix.  Now I'll provide a few comments before we open the line for Q&A. First, we continue to be bullish on our revenue growth given the strong first half results in our Financial and International segments. In the first half, as Gary described, mix of revenue has shifted slightly towards processing and professional services, which is generally lower margin than our license fees.  We believe that clarity around the Durbin Amendment will be positive for our business overall. And while our payments business continues to face headwinds from competitive pricing and declining check usage, we are encouraged by the success we are having signing new clients for our EFT business and our Bill Payment Solutions.  Overall, we are pleased with the progress we are making to driving higher organic revenue growth and are well-positioned to drive increased earnings and strong cash flow. As we are focused on growing the business organically, we will also continue to look for opportunities to augment growth with mergers and acquisitions.  That concludes our prepared comments. Thank you for your time this afternoon. And operator, you may open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dave Koning with Baird.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I guess my first question, just on the margin bridge on Page 4, it seems to imply that capital was something like 150, 160 basis points margin drag, which would imply that EBITDA is about 0 -- is about breakeven right now. And I'm wondering, is that a seasonal factor? I would imagine you'd expect that to get nicely better but maybe you could comment just a little bit on that and kind of how that improves.
Michael Hayford: David, I would say first of all, the margin for Capco as we described in the past, we expect to be lower than the rest of our operating numbers, our operating business units. And as you can see, the start of the year, we're running probably a little behind where we anticipated. So I would view it as sliding a little bit maybe where we had anticipated, although we would've expected the second half of the year to build and drive a little bit more profit than the first half of the year for Capco. So we're actually pleased with the start we had. I think there's probably a little -- I think Europe's off to a very, very strong start in the first half of the year. Our Canadian business is doing extremely well in North America. We had a couple of challenges with some clients in the U.S., really not related to what Capco's doing but more related to the nature of the business and some kind of global financial industry changes that impacted a couple of the customers there. So I think we're off -- maybe a little bit behind on earnings, very strong revenue growth. And we anticipate earnings to pick up in the second half.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And I guess one other thing from the supplement, this quarter, the interest rate weighted average was 5%. Last quarter it was 5.2%. And I know -- I think you had $1.5 billion of interest rate hedges rolling off this quarter. I mean, Is it fair to say that you might have redone them at a little better rates now and extended those nicely or something? Because it does look like the interest rate's nicely down.
Michael Hayford: Yes, I think it's the hedges, it's -- as we pay down -- some of the debt, we paid down at the higher rate. And then as you said, the fixed-to-floating kind of ratio has improved a little bit the overall cost.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. And then lastly, just quickly, your Payments segment, it seems like much less of a headwind from check trends now. And I know that they'll likely continue to be negative. But between that and then the anniversary that interchange headwind, I mean, it seems like there's a much less of a headwind going forward, and even probably maybe a tailwind as you anniversary some of this stuff the next several quarters. Maybe you could just comment on that too.
Michael Hayford: David, I'm assuming you're referring to the check business and the check verification business that we have, the paper-based businesses. I think it's a fairly consistent headwind. It's about 400 basis points, 4% of growth on the top line, which is kind of what we've been seeing, 3.5%, 4.5%, in that range. So I think 4% is kind of consistent with that. The headwinds, I think we're battling through them, so that the team did a nice job in the other parts of the business to have again a slight revenue growth. And if you adjust out again the impact of the accounting change and the impact of the paper businesses, a pretty respectable 4% growth year-over-year in the quarter. But I think those headwinds are going to be fairly consistent as the business gets to be a smaller and smaller piece of the business, they do diminish over time.
Operator: We have a question from Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So good to be back over here, on the coverage side. Couple of quick questions from my side. When you look at the comment that you made about the shift from sort of traditional license sales to the hosted model, how should we think about that in terms of any drag or even lift to the current revenue model? And I guess just sort of theoretically, how would this be different from the old service bureau model that I guess I'm probably more familiar with when you think about what you referred to as hosted today?
Michael Hayford: Well, I mean, I think it's very similar to the old service bureau model. So service bureau, ASP, hosted in the cloud, I think are all very common. It's a shared a leverage model that is connected to a platform that we're operating in some central location. And so we like that business a lot. It does have an impact upfront versus getting a licensed professional services upfront. When we signed those deals, those revenues are spread over a 7-year contract typically. But it creates more recurring revenue and more predictability. And again, to the extent we get on a leveraged platform, we'll make those profits over time.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Any sense on what percentage of your business today is sort of spread across the hosted model versus the license model?
Michael Hayford: Well we've talked about in the past is our -- what we would term as our recurring revenue. And recurring revenue for us is revenue streams that we do not have to go out and sign a new contract. And we're in the mid-80s, so 83%, 84%, 85%, in that range. It's come down slightly. I think we were up as high as 87% at one point. But with Capco, most of that is not occurring. So in that mid-80s is kind of the level of recurring revenue that we have as a company.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. And then on the comments, we saw the release yesterday about the NYCE additions kind of post-Durbin. Maybe just help us characterize a little bit about what are the clients actually looking for when they come to you guys now sort of post-Durbin world? What is the specific demand driver or the issue that these clients are coming and signing up for NYCE now. Beyond kind of the obvious, is there something additional they're looking for from you guys?
Gary Norcross: Yes, Julio, this is Gary. I think there's a couple of things they're looking for, and NYCE helps do that. Couple of things. With the Durbin decisions and final rulings in June, you now have to have multiple, at least 2 networks for your debit processing. And NYCE is benefiting our clients because it's the most issuer-focused network in the industry. So we guarantee to maximize the interchange to the financial institution. And our clients and our new customers see value in that. So there's really 2 things driving it. One is Durbin and the need to have multiple networks. But two, the fact that we're so issuer-centric instead of being merchant-centric with our NYCE network, our financial institutions are seeing a lot of value in that.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Do these clients need to actually be core client as well?
Gary Norcross: No, not at all.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Got it. Great. And then just one last question on Capco. Do you guys have any metrics on Capco headcount utilization levels and then any plans for headcount additions going forward?
Michael Hayford: We haven't really shared the headcount of Capco. I think the comments that you heard us talk about today, Gary covered the strong results in Europe. The company is growing, growing very well. We think they're doing very well in their markets. And we also think they're doing extremely well competing for talent in the consulting business. So our plans are to continue to grow, grow headcount. They focus on utilization each and every day to drive profit.
Operator: We have a question from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citigroup.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: I want to start with Capco. As Capco grows, should we expect at least some level of operating leverage in that model? Or should it be -- should we consider it like a typical consulting business, which has limited operating leverage? I'm trying to figure out what the longer-term impact of Capco growing faster than the rest of the business is on margins.
Michael Hayford: Well, I'd say it's kind of not like a typical consulting company. They're very people based. So it's not the same kind of leverage model that you would get out of a hosted solutions -- we kind of discussed a leverage model that belongs to processing contract. Having said that, we know when we brought them on board at the size and scale they were, even a little over a year to ago where we expect them to be in '11, they're going to continue to get some operating leverage out of the fact that they're larger, driving more revenues to cover their kind of business unit level costs or corporate costs at the capital level. So we have -- sort of our target long-term is to get into the mid-teens for EBITDA margin. And we've also shared that for 2011 we expect it to be lower than that. We expect to it to be around 10% for the year 2011.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: Great. Okay. And when I look at the Payments business, obviously the overhang from Durbin and other regulatory issues, has had sort of hurt [ph] growth in that business. But now that some of that stuff is behind us, should we expect some pent-up demand to emerge?
Gary Norcross: Well, Ashwin, this is Gary. As I mentioned in the call, we did see some pent-up demand on particularly stuff like the network positioning in and around Durbin. As part of the overall rulings, the network portion of Durbin does not have to be implemented until April of 2012. So we should see a number of signings in the second half of 2011 and then revenue starting to be generated due to that in 2012. As also indicated, to give you some insight into the size of the opportunity, we've been running a number of webinars around Durbin and around NYCE particularly. And we've had over 1,000 financial institutions dial in to those webinars and participate and learn how the NYCE network can drive value to them and satisfy the needs of this regulatory change.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: And as I look at say maybe the small bank exemption, what percentage of your client base is relatively unaffected? Is there a way to quantify that, maybe?
Gary Norcross: Well, we really have not broken down our clients base across the various sizes. The nice thing about our Payments business, we mentioned in the announcement some scale items around our Bill Payment Solutions and some of our other solutions and also, as you see in the release yesterday, the first half this year, we had record signings on our NYCE network. Really our payment capability spread pretty much the gamut of institutions, both sides throughout the U.S. And so, we really haven't disclosed the breakdown of how our payments revenue is between large financial institutions and community institutions.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: And then my last question, on Misys. At what point might you be ready with the due diligence done and so on and so forth due to speak? I mean, are we getting close to that point? Or should we be looking for an announcement? What's the decision process here, if you don't mind sharing that?
Michael Hayford: Well, Ashwin, I mean, you know that we obviously had throughout the press release said that we had made an approach to the company and are evaluating and having discussions with the company. I think suffice it to say that when we get to a point where we have something to announce, we'll announce it. And until we get there, we really have nothing to discuss on the topic.
Operator: We have a question from Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: First question. I guess it's for Gary. I know you sort of talked about 2010 sort of being very strong sort of contract signing year and this year continuing at sort of a fast pace. Is there any way to frame what contract signings look like maybe year-to-date this year relative to a year ago? And maybe a little bit of color across the industries. What's really -- which segments are sort of driving the strong contract signings?
Gary Norcross: Yes, no, it's a great question, and we have traditionally not disclosed the size of our pipeline. But we, as I stated, we did have a record 2010. And I will tell you the first half of the year, we're ahead of where we were at this point last year. We know we got -- obviously, we've got the second half of the year so we got to continue to perform. Our pipeline, though, has continued to grow very significantly as well. So all of those are positive signs for us as a company. As far as the markets that we're seeing this growth in, frankly, as I shared in some of the examples, we're seeing great success in community markets, in large institutions and in our international markets as well. So there really is just no one specific area that we're seeing the growth. It's really coming from all the segments.
Frank Martire: Yes, I think that's what's key there, Glenn. We're getting it from the small community banks, the mid-tier, the large, and the International segment. So it's right across the board for us, which is very positive, obviously.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Would it be fair to say that we're -- the banks respect [ph] and sort of getting back to normalcy in making decisions? I guess it's a little surprising to me that we are sort of seeing the decisions sort of happening as you're suggesting so quickly.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think as we've shared, this is 3 quarters in a row with almost 6% organic growth. So I would say it hasn't just come back quickly, right? We've worked through it each and every quarter. And as we've shared on each quarterly call, we continue to see banks who have weathered the financial storm to now starting to free up their capital dollars, to start making investments so they can compete in this cycle and gain market share. And given the breadth of our solutions, that plays very well for us. I'm not here to say that there still aren't institutions out there that are hunkered down and not making any buying decisions because there are. The fortunate thing for us is we're just seeing more and more of those get through their process and now starting to focus on buying. And as we shared in the examples, we're seeing in the U.S., and frankly, globally as well, strong demand for our core banking solutions. That typically drives our Payment Solutions as well through that. But as the example of Intuit and several others, the Fifth Third example, we're also seeing strong demand just for our Payment Solutions as well.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And then on the International business, which 3 quarters in a row keeps blowing away my estimates at least, can you just sort of help? Are there a couple of things to call out other than the Bradesco conversion that's really driving the very strong organic growth?
Gary Norcross: Well, I think 2 things. One, certainly getting Bradesco converted and getting the joint venture from being a startup to an ongoing entity where we're focused on the market and able to grow relationships in Brazil is certainly key. But we also, and we shared with this in the -- in multiple of our investor updates, several years ago, we made a conscious decision to start transitioning our revenue away from a license model to more of an outsourcing and processing and professional services model. And while the percentage of our reoccurring revenue in that business is still less than our overall company, that change, both market-driven and driven by us, we're seeing benefits in our revenue streams and starting to see more predictability and more growth due to that higher reoccurring revenue.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And then just one quick one, the Intuit bill pay win, was it the digital insight piece within Intuit?
Gary Norcross: Correct.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay, so it's the smaller, obviously, the smaller FIs?
Michael Hayford: Yes, this is Michael. It's the smaller -- it's the credit unions and the smaller community banks. But we do all of Intuit's -- they have a number asterisks [ph] to bill pay that we provided the processing for.
Operator: You have a question from Brett Huff with Stephens Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: The question on corporate, I know you told us last quarter that you thought sort of $90 million would be the run rate, but I'm confused about the swing from what I think my math is right would've been $82 million last quarter x the onetime Sunrise platform charge to $94 million this quarter. A, is my math right based on how you guys think about it? And B, if so, can you just give us a sense of what's changed from the last quarter to this quarter that was added cost there?
Michael Hayford: Yes, I think we had a few miscellaneous things. We had some, we talked about some integration-related costs that hit the corporate line. We had some M&A-related costs, which -- the corporate line. I don't think there was anything. I'm trying to think if there was any other big item that would have hit at that level. So I think that maybe $4 million above the guidance was probably some of those onetime things that we described, integration-related costs, some severance and M&A-related costs.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then I think, Gary, you talked about this. One of the goals of Capco besides adding a lot of great professional services, expertise and domain expertise, was ultimately to try and get into one of these transformational deals that you've talked about, that it's core but broader at a big bank. And Gary, I think you mentioned that and you're happy with the progress. Can you give us a little more color on that? How many of those prospects are out there? Can you -- Is there any way to sort of give us how big that opportunity is?
Gary Norcross: Well, I think there's -- suffice it to say, at this point in our ownership, we're very pleased with the conversations we're having. How many transformative deals are there out in the market? We really don't know, but we're having a number of key conversations both in Europe and in North America. These conversations, though, Brett, as you would expect, take a long time to work through. Certainly, not only do we bring in the consulting power and domain expertise of Capco, but bringing our wealth of solution in IT to the conversations. But at this point, we've got a number of key opportunities that we're pursuing. And we feel very good that we're going to sign some of these transformative opportunities.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: And then, Mike, I think there's a question for you, in terms of international, how do you see that organic growth or even the total top line growth trending over the rest of the year? I agree with the first news on last, that you guys have continued to outpace my expectations. I'm trying to just get a better sense of where I'm wrong. Any guidance from you guys on the international number?
Michael Hayford: Well, I mean, I think I would take it [ph] in the fourth quarter, the year-over-year comps can be a little more difficult for Brazil because we did, we converted that in October of last year. The other big driver of this is Capco, and as we shared, their year-over-year growth is much greater than we anticipated in Europe, which is growing into that International segment. So I think those are the 2 big drivers that are probably outpacing what we had expected, and therefore, I think what people have expected in terms of our growth internationally. As Gary said, the rest of that business is doing very well. The team's done a great job of penetrating some of the higher growth markets in Asia, in India, China, other parts of Latin America. And then our European practice is doing well. So I think they're executing real solid, and then you've got a little extra push obviously from Brazil, which is showing very good growth. And then the Capco services is growing very strong as well.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: That's helpful. And then just one last question, and I want to make sure I heard you right. I think you were -- in the discussion of Capco, you said that you were a little behind on that. And I think you then said that might have been driving a little bit behind on the first half earnings versus where you all expected. First of all, did I hear that right? And second of all, what gives you confidence that you'll pick up some of that slack in the second half specifically?
Michael Hayford: Well, as I shared, we had a very specific situation in the U.S. We had some clients who just due to the changes in the environment, no longer had the funding to spend on a series of projects that were fairly large for Capco. Now they're not a significant portion of the overall FIS, but to Capco, they were a decent chunk of their revenue opportunity. So what they've done is they've, for the most part, been able to keep their people together and go out and sign other clients. So I think it just -- it challenged them for a 3, 4-month period of time where they had to go out and find new clients, where they'd expected to start very large projects to kick off the beginning of the year. Those didn't materialize. This is within an individual client. And so they've gone out and found other business. So as we enter the second half, and we've sat down and walked through where they stand, particularly what the utilization rate is and what their pipeline is for getting new client projects going, we feel pretty good about the second half.
Operator: We have a question from John Kraft with D.A. Davidson.
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I wanted to go back to Durbin and specific to prepaid. I guess my question is, how would you characterize the interest level at your banks in offering a prepaid or some sort of debit prepaid card now, this quarter, versus last quarter, given that we've heard some commentary from the Fed sort of suggesting they're going to discourage the banks from flipping the switch, if you will, from a debit to a prepaid. Is that something that's affecting their interest levels?
Michael Hayford: Yes, I think, John, that's a good point. We got a lot of clarity in the June 29 finalization. And one of those was they clarified certain things around prepaid, where earlier we thought we were going to see some opportunities where our clients might look to launch some type of reloadable prepaid card to generate -- to not have to deal with the Durbin regulation. But as I said, we got a lot of those issues clarified. We still are, though, with that as a backdrop. So those kind of conversations that deal with Durbin have lessened. But we do continue to see strong demand for our prepaid offerings in our financial institutions, not only in U.S. but as a -- pointed out especially in our international markets, it's becoming a much -- it's becoming a very viable way to serve some of the underserved, underbanked communities. And so we continue to see conversations around that. But the conversations we were having around Durbin have lessened.
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Got you. That's helpful. And then I guess just second and last, can you elaborate a little bit more on this conversion at Intuit on bill pay? Is it -- was there an upgrade in your interface or some sort of a platform that's driving this? Or is this a price? Or is this sort of just let's consolidate everything back onto the legacy Metavante platform because it's just easier for Intuit to have 1 rather than 2?
Gary Norcross: Well, I think at the end of the day, we have a tremendous relationship with Intuit first and foremost. And I think that relationship drove an expansion of the partnership. But I also think when you look at the investments we've made in our bill payment platform, we're seeing substantial results in the market with new signings. And so Fifth Third's a great example of that, and as we highlighted, that's a number of top 30 institutions in the last 12 months. So the product is very functionally rich. It's a very strong solution in the market. Combine that with our overall relationship, it just made sense to expand that going forward.
Frank Martire: John, it's been a very successful relationship, and a win-win for both Intuit and ourselves. So we as we work together closely with the senior executives and the operations people at Intuit, it's been very rewarding for both sides, and that's allowed us to continue to grow the relationship.
Operator: Our final question comes from David Togut with Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc.: Gary, within your Financial Solutions segment, have you seen any change in pricing trends if you look at the span of banks you serve from credit unions up to mega banks?
Gary Norcross: David, I wouldn't say we've seen any change. I mean, it's very competitive. The market's very competitive, and the nice thing given FIS's scale and our product suite, we're able to compete very effectively in those markets. But I would say we've not seen any demonstratable change in recent months.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc.: And then just a question on capital allocation for you, Mike. With FIS shares trading at the same price, which you repurchased 23% of the outstanding last year, why not get more aggressive here on share repurchase instead of acquiring a business at a premium?
Michael Hayford: Well, I mean, David, you obviously understand that you look at those things at all kind of point in time, right? So I think we disclosed our discussions with Misys almost 3 weeks ago now. And the market's moved around a little bit because of that. I think we've been very consistent. We've said that we'll look first to grow our business through M&A where we can get a return on our investment and get some leverage. We think we have a good team to do that. We think we have a successful track record. And if we can't find deals that get the proper return, we'll use the capital to buy back shares. And obviously, at our current trading price, the shares are a lot more attractive than it was even a month or 2 ago. So suffice it to say we'll always continue to keep those 2 things in mind. And we'll always judge any use of capital for M&A against that relatively low risk share repurchase.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc.: When you say earn proper return from acquisitions, what are you referring to exactly? Are you saying accretive to EPS? Or are you using some type of IRR metric?
Michael Hayford: Well, we do both. But at the end of the day, we think it's important that we get a return on cash. So we look at an IRR hurdle that would be consistent with what a return to the shareholders is over a period of time.
Mary Waggoner: We'd like to thank all of you for joining us today. Please remain on the line for the telephone replay instructions, and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 7:00 p.m. Eastern today until August 2 at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive playback service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 163692. International participants may dial 1 (320) 365-3844 and entering the access code 163692.  That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Norcross - Chief Operating Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President Frank Martire - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mary Waggoner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Michael Hayford - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brett Huff - Stephens Inc. David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc. David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc John Williams Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ashish Sabadra - Crédit Suisse AG Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to thank you for standing by, and welcome to the FIS First Quarter Earnings Teleconference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's call will be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your hostess and facilitator, as well as Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Mary Waggoner. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Mary Waggoner: Thank you, Steven, and welcome to everyone joining us this morning. Today's news release and supplemental slide presentation have been posted to our website. A webcast replay of the audio portion of this call will also be available on the website shortly after the call. With us today morning are Frank Martire, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gary Norcross, Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Hayford, Chief Financial Officer. Today's comments will focus on results from continuing operations and will include references to non-GAAP financial measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the news release and the supplemental slide presentation. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on Page 2 of the presentation. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the news release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. I will now turn the call over to Frank Martire.
Frank Martire: Thanks, Mary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I'll begin today's business review with a brief summary of financial results and business highlights for the first quarter of 2011. Gary will follow with the operations report, and then Mike will provide additional insight into our financial results and outlook for 2011. Revenue increased at $1.4 billion in the quarter, which represents organic growth of 6.2%, driven by excellent results within our Financial Solutions and International segments. Growth within capital also contributed to the strong top line performance. Earnings per share came in at $0.45 for the quarter and free cash flow totaled $189 million.  We are pleased with the progress we are making in our strategy to drive higher organic revenue growth through cross-selling existing clients and expanding into higher opportunity markets such as large FIs and international markets, which we believe will drive sustainable earnings growth and greater value for our shareholders over the long run. In April, we hosted one of several client conferences scheduled for 2011. The feedback from this meeting was very positive, and we feel good about the strength of our client relationships. The conference was well attended and we continue to see increased interest in our solutions to our client base that further supports our belief that the recovery is continuing. We are looking forward to hosting our first international client conference in Dubai next month. Global expansion is one of our key growth initiatives and we are making good progress in improving our visibility in high-growth international markets that we are currently serving. These client conference help us to continue to be the best -- to build the best relationships in the industry and expand our cross sell success. Although we are only a few months into the transaction, we are pleased with the increased exposure that Capco offers in the large U.S. and international banking markets. The combination is performing in line with our expectations. The European practice in particular is having a very strong start to the year.  During the first quarter, approximately 60% of Capco's revenue was generated in New York and the remaining 40% was generated in North America. The working relationship between the FIS and Capco teams is excellent, and we are very excited about discussions that are taking place with respect to business transformation, IT outsourcing and application management opportunities. Before I turn the call over to Gary, I would like to provide additional detail regarding certain recent unauthorized activities that occurred on our Sunrise prepaid card platform as described in this morning's earnings release. I will describe what happened and we'll also discuss actions we have taken to improve the layers of security surrounding our Sunrise platform. As we disclosed, we incurred a loss of approximately $13 million as a result of unauthorized activities that took place on 22 prepaid card accounts involving one client running on our Sunrise platform. We have identified that a total of 7,170 active prepaid accounts may have been at risk and that personal information involving 3 individual cardholders may have been disclosed as a result of these activities. We immediately notified the affected clients as well as the card associations and implemented additional security controls around our platforms. We also worked with our clients to take appropriate actions, including blocking and reissuing cards on the impacted accounts and establishing identity theft protection for the impacted cardholders.  The security of our systems and the confidence of our clients are of utmost importance to this company. While we believe that our security is industry leading, the increasing sophistication and the frequency of unauthorized activities in our industry, we require that we become even more diligent in strengthening our environments to mitigate risk. We continue to work with federal law enforcement officials to identify those responsible for the unauthorized activities. We are pleased with our first quarter results. Revenue growth is off to a solid start, which demonstrates our strong competitive positioning and reputation in the marketplace. We are particularly pleased with the strong growth in our International segment, including the Brazilian joint venture, the launch of the ELO credit card, as well as the expansion of capital's European practice. As always, our management team and employees are focused on our client relationships, continuing to grow the business and driving operational excellence across our company. Now Gary will continue with the business report. Gary?
Gary Norcross: . Thank you, Frank, and thanks to everyone on the call. I will begin today's review with a few comments on the business environment, followed by the operating segment highlights.  The resurgence in core upgrade decisions and strong new signings across all of our segments in 2010 has created a robust implementation pipeline that extends throughout the remainder of this year. In addition to the implementation pipeline, we have seen significant demand for professional services to support our clients' business and growth strategies. In order to support this demand, we have added resources and redirected a number of our employees to better serve our clients' needs. This strong demand increases our confidence in achieving our revenue target for the year. Before I get into specific sales and project accomplishments for the quarter, I'd like to describe the global sales climate for FIS. In general, the sales pipeline continues to expand on a consecutive quarter basis. The time to close new sales is trending down, which points to a continuing economic recovery. While the ongoing regulatory uncertainty has caused some delay in the closing of deals for Payment Solutions, the demand for outsourcing services continues to grow, which placed our strengths and leadership position in application outsourcing and back office and professional services. These trends should generate higher reoccurring revenue for us, but obviously the revenue comes on at lower margins than licensed sales. Next I'll highlight some of our recent sales wins.  In March, we announced that the Bank of Oklahoma, with more than $24 billion in assets, has completed the first phase of implementing TouchPoint Teller across this 180-branch network. Based on this implementation, TouchPoint is running at approximately 10% of the bank branches in the United States. Given this scale, ongoing demand for TouchPoint continues to be strong in the large financial institution space. We continue to win in the very competitive mid-tier and community markets on the strength of our solution capabilities. For example, American Chartered Bank with $2.4 billion in assets, selected FIS as its new core-processing partner and we'll also begin using our integrated payment solutions, including the NYCE debit network.  In addition, Country Club Bank and Rockland Federal Credit Union, each with approximately $1 billion in assets, also selected us for core processing, as well as many other ancillary systems. We are very pleased to announce that Credit Union 24 has selected FIS to deliver switching and network services to its participating credit unions. This further extends our leadership position in debit and credit processing within the credit union marketplace. Our investments in integration, new technology and product development are driving benefits to our clients. This is demonstrated by our ongoing cross sell successes. In January, we announced that Ready Financial Group, which offers the READYdebit prepaid Visa card, will add mobile account access and bill payment capabilities provided by FIS to their cards.  In addition, our recent acquisition of GIFTS Software further expands our business-to-business funds transfer and commercial treasury offerings. We have seen a number of new signings for this solution throughout the quarter and based on the response we received during our recent client conference, demand for this product continues to grow. As Frank mentioned, expanding our international business is one of our key growth initiatives. Last quarter, we discussed our growing presence in the Asia Pacific region with the addition of new clients in China and Singapore. In Australia, we have expanded our product capabilities to include core-processing services. ANZ, which is one of Australia's largest banking groups, is in the process of consolidating its New Zealand subsidiaries on to our core platform. FIS has provided card processing in the region since 2001, and we are now the leading third-party card processor in Australia. Based on this position and the logical tie between payments in our core systems, we see good opportunity within this important region. Turning to Latin America, we are very pleased to announce that the newly launched ELO branded credit cards issued by Banco Bradesco are being processed through our card operation in Brazil. The bank launched a pilot program on April 4 and since that launch, the average issuance rate has been approximately 1,000 credit cards per day. We will also process ELO branded prepaid cards, which are scheduled to launch in June. Based on this, as well as our other continued sales engagements, we remain very excited about the growth opportunities in this market. Consistent with trends in North America, we are seeing a clear shift away from in-house software installations towards hosted or outsourced application processing. We are also seeing a growing trend by our clients to outsource process reengineering, software development and back office functions. Our services capabilities are a differentiating aid and strength for FIS, and with more than 18,000 FIS badge services professionals around the world, we are very well positioned to benefit from these strengths. Before turning the call over to Mike, I'd like to leave you with the following thoughts. There is no question that the prolonged uncertainty surrounding the regulatory environment has resulted in delayed product launches and investment decisions by financial institutions, and the majority of these delays have been within our payments franchise. We continue to monitor our regulatory actions to assess the potential impact on our business, and we believe that some of these regulatory changes, when enacted, will benefit FIS. Although new regulation is a challenge for our clients, it tends to drive higher demand for our core processing, risk management and payment solutions in the long run. We anticipate that consolidation within the financial services industry will continue and potentially accelerate in 2011. In those instances where we are providing multiple services to both merchant entities, as is the case with the BMO Harris acquisition of M&I, our future revenues trends will likely decline as the entities migrate to common platforms.  Overall, however, our client base is well diversified and is not concentrated in any one market segment. Based on this, we feel our exposure is less than others within the industry. We remain optimistic regarding the improving outlook for the industry and are encouraged by our strong sales pipeline. As I mentioned earlier, a lot of the demand is fueled by lower margin components like professional services. Last but not least, we feel very good about our client relationships, our products and services, and the reputation of the entire team, all of which position us very well versus the competition. Now I'll turn it over to Mike for the financial report. Mike?
Michael Hayford: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 4 of the supplemental materials. Adjusted revenue growth was 11.2% for the quarter. Organic revenue growth, which is normalized for acquisitions and currency, was 6.2%, driven by strong results in Financial Solutions and our International business. First quarter EBITDA totaled $368 million, compared to $365 million in the first quarter of 2010. EBITDA margin was 26.6% compared to 29.4% in the prior year. If you turn to Slide 5, we have provided a bridge that illustrates the impact of acquisitions and the one-time items on our margin in the first quarter. Starting on the left-hand side with reported margin of 26.6% in the first quarter of 2010, we adjust for the margin impact of the Capco acquisition, which we had shared with you at Investor Day last December. Next is the $13 million Sunrise incident that Frank described, and then $7 million in integration and severance costs that are included in the first quarter results. And as you recall, those integration and severance costs were not included in the margins for 2010. If you look at those, this brings you to a normalized margin that is comparable to the prior year quarter, even slightly larger. Next I'll provide additional detail on the operating segments, starting on Slide 6, with FSG. Financial Solutions revenue increased 13.6% to $504 million, and was 7.1% organically. The increase was driven by a continued strong demand for professional services, higher outsourcing revenue, including new client implementations and the growth within Capco's current American operations, which are included in the FSG segment. Financial Solutions EBITDA increased 4.6% to $195 million. The EBITDA margin was 38.7% compared to 42% in the prior year quarter, reflecting the higher mix in professional services revenue. On Slide 7, Payment Solutions revenue totaled $615 million compared to $619 million in the first quarter of 2010. Payment Solutions revenue increased 4.5% when you exclude the check businesses and the impact of the merchant platform consolidation, which was recorded at gross in 2010 in the first quarter and it's now being booked at net after we have integrated our 2 merchant platforms. We remain somewhat cautious on the Payment business due to the ongoing competitive pressure and the impact that regulatory uncertainty's having on our clients' investment decisions. We are hopeful that some of the pressure will subside as we gain more clarity on the Durbin Amendment and the transaction volumes increase.  Payment Solutions EBITDA totaled $219 million compared to $230 million in the first quarter of 2010. This includes, in the first quarter of 2011, approximately $4 million in integration and severance costs. The first quarter EBITDA margin was 35.7% compared to 37.1% in the prior year. The decline reflects the inclusion of the $4 million of integration and severance costs in the current period. Also, a less favorable revenue mix and lower licensed revenue and growth in the lower margin products, including card production and print mail. International revenue increased 48.6% to $268 million compared to $180 million the first quarter of 2010. Revenue grew 27.5% on an organic basis. Higher processing volumes in Brazil, increased license revenue and financial services including strong growth within Capco's international operations, contributed to the strong performance. International EBITDA increased 44.7% (sic) [44.2%] to $49 million compared to $34 million in the first quarter of 2010. The margin was 18.2% compared to 18.8% in the prior year, reflecting the addition of Capco. Corporate expense was $95 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared to $85 million in the prior year quarter. The current quarter includes the $13 million Sunrise loss that Frank described earlier. Corporate expense, which includes sales and marketing, can vary between quarters. Our projected run rate is between $90 million and $95 million per quarter for the remainder of 2011. This increase is primarily due to increased stock-based compensation, increased employee benefit costs and investments in sales and marketing. On Slide 9 is the reconciliation of net earnings. First quarter net earnings from continuing operations totaled $138 million compared to $157 million in the first quarter of 2010. The decline in net earnings compared to the first quarter of 2010 is due primarily to the higher interest expense associated with the leverage recapitalization which we completed in August 2010. The resulting share count declined to $309 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared to $380 million in the first quarter of 2010, an increase on a sequential basis primarily due to the increase in our stock price. Earnings per share from continuing operations increased 9.8% to $0.45 per share compared to $0.41 per share in the first quarter of 2010. The only adjustments to our reported GAAP numbers in the current quarter is the after-tax impact of purchase price amortization of $42 million or $0.14 per share. The Sunrise loss and the integration in severance costs are included in the 2011 results and reduced earnings per share by a total of $0.04 after tax in the first quarter of 2011. The Sunrise loss was not contemplated in our first quarter guidance or full year guidance. As shown on Slide 10, we generated free cash flow of $189 million compared to $241 million in the first quarter of 2010. The decline was due primarily to the timing of interest payments and the annual incentive payment. Capital expenditures totaled $72 million compared to $58 million in the prior year quarter. Debt outstanding declined to $5 billion as of March 31, 2011, and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 5.2% at quarter end. Additional detail on our debt is provided in the appendix. Now I'll provide a few comments before we open the lines for Q&A. While we are affirming our full year outlook as stated in this morning's news release, we are bullish on revenue growth, given the strong first quarter results in our financials and International segment. However, depending on the overall mix, the new revenue could convert at a lower rate than we originally expected. And although we did not anticipate the $0.03 loss from the Sunrise platform, we continue to expect full year earnings to be within the range of $2.24 to $2.34 per share as we've previously stated. Growth in our Payments business will continue to be challenging due to declining check volumes, the competitive environment and the uncertainty regarding the impact of regulatory change. While comparisons should ease in the second half of the year and we are hoping to get more clarity around Durbin, we remain somewhat cautious in the near term. Overall, we are pleased by the improving organic growth trends and we believe that we are well positioned to compete in our business as the overall market continues to recover.  That concludes our prepared comments. Operator, you may open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Dave Koning of Baird.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And I guess first of all of, just with the Sunrise incident, it sounds like you mentioned that, that was not included in original guidance, so nice job considering that. But is there any ongoing restriction regarding that? Or is the $13 million that you took in charges or expenses this quarter kind of fully factoring any ongoing legal costs or anything like that?
Michael Hayford: Yes. Dave, this is Mike. We do believe that $13 million is the amount of the incident, so we don't expect any additional costs related to that.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. And then on the gross side, I think it's right to say that organic growth would've been 7% to 8%, excluding the accounting adjustment. Is that fair to say?
Michael Hayford: If you look at gross versus net, that would be correct.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. And I guess there'd be no reason that if you did make that change, growth would've been a little better. And I guess is that sort of the ongoing more underlying growth that seems to be generated maybe over the next several quarters? Was there something in this quarter that seemed unsustainably high or is this quarter a pretty good representation?
Michael Hayford: Again, this is Mike. I think as you know, our long-term goal is 6% to 9% and we've stated that coming out of '08 and '09 as we've kind of seen the market recover that we certainly believe in the long term we can get there. For 2011, we said 4% to 6%. So I think you'd say that we're very pleased with the revenue growth. Gary and Frank both spoke to the strength of the market. You can see a little bit we're getting more professional services, which is how we would expect growth to come out of a slowdown. People initiate new projects and hire our resources to help them drive those projects. So a, we're very pleased with the growth and I think b, it does confirm that our long-term guidance is something we're very comfortable we can get to.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Great. And then just one final one is just interest expense seemed a little lower than what we had thought. Was there anything non-recurring in that line or is that a pretty good kind of ongoing rate?
Michael Hayford: No, I think we've stated full year 270 to 280, I think that's kind of what we expected it to be. There's nothing unusual in that number.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brett Huff of Stephens.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: A couple of things. On ELO, have you guys shared just kind of the size or just any kind of color commentary that you can give us on when that's going to come on in earnest and what kind of difference that can make to the international growth rate in your margin?
Gary Norcross: Yes, Brett, this is Gary. We haven't really provided guidance on that. I think you've read a lot of information around what's going on in ELO in Brazil. It's clearly targeted at the Tier 3, Tier 4 consumers in that country. Banco do Brasil is also bringing out ELO. Right now, we have confirmed that we'll be processing for Bradesco. They wanted to do a pilot launch first and then as I shared in my comments, in June they'll be bringing on the prepaid offering. But during the summer, they'll be ramping this up very quickly. We think it'll add to our growth. We're continuing to be very bullish on Brazil. Our growth in cards per month, each month is exceeding our expectations. So we think that ELO will continue to add to that.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: And then on the Sunrise issue, I know you talked about the expense hit. Was there any impact that, that had on revenue?
Michael Hayford: No, that would have no impact on revenue.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then last question for me is on the payment segment, right now we all know that the check business is really creating a drag. Any additional thoughts on what we can do there? I believe the last thing you guys were talking about in the way you're operating it now, is primarily just to really try and keep the costs down, drive some cash flow and go from there. Is our strategy on that any different right now?
Frank Martire: I think, Brett, when you look at it, there's several things going on here, right? So we've got a conversion from paper to electronic and we're cycling through that. We also have declining check volumes, so we really have 2 significant headwinds. We really rationalized through a lot of the conversion from paper to electronic, which is positive for us. During that time, we've consolidated a lot of our centers, we're leveraging a lot of our services capabilities to get scale across it and we're still competing in the market. We continue to sign a number of clients because as scale declines, keep in mind institutions are no longer to be able to cost effectively deliver this. So really our strategy hasn't changed. We're continuing to ramp down costs and continuing to focus on sales to make up for volume reductions.
Michael Hayford: Brett, I'll just add to that. I mean, I would expect a change in that business, to both item processing and the check guarantee, check verification business. As Gary said, we're going to continue to operate and we continue to focus on efficiency. I would say that the team's done a very good job of maintaining our margins and our profits in those businesses, so some of the margin drag is from some of the other businesses. But they've done a pretty good job in the declining market. So it's impacting revenue more than it's impacting our earnings.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Great, that’s what I needed. I appreciate your time this morning.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John T. Williams of Goldman Sachs.
John Williams: Really quickly, your biggest competitor has said a good amount about bill payment on their earnings call. I was just curious, you guys don't really talk about that, but it's a pretty big business for you. What are you seeing now? Are you seeing more intense competition in bill payments and are you expecting an inflection point as you sort of head back towards a higher growth rate? Or they're not really a turn quite yet?
Gary Norcross: Well, I mean, in general, we continue to see competition across the enterprise. So it's a very competitive market. During this recovery, everybody is executing the best they can with their sales forces. Bill payment specifically, we've won a number of significant transactions so far this year, and so we're very pleased with -- very pleased with our signings. We continue to see our volumes come up and our adoption come up, so we feel very good about our bill payment business overall. As you said, it is a very competitive market and so we have to compete in the market and win those new transactions or win that new business.
Frank Martire: But yes, we have other products that are just as competitive, as Gary just stated. We've been pleased with our performance in signing new clients recently and in the recent past.
John Williams: Well, Frank, I guess that's actually a good segue to my next question, which was back in the old Metavante days, you used to talk a lot about the emerging formats like the healthcare payments. Obviously the NYCE Network kind of fits in there nicely as well. But what other emerging catalysts do you see in the Payments business that could start to show up and be relevant in the next, I don't know, call it 6 to 12 months?
Frank Martire: Well, we can't call it relevant, but we obviously, with the healthcare payments and the initiatives that we took there that we talked about in the past but mobile, do you hear something [ph] about mobile, right? Large transaction volumes with mobile. How much revenue it's going to generate time will tell, right? In the adoption that will take place. But clearly, there's a big initiative on mobile payments and you see that by a lot of the large, the top tier banks, right? And then the money and the investment they're putting into it.
Gary Norcross: Yes, and they just build on that, John. I mean, we also continue to see strong growth and demand for our prepaid. There's a lot of things that we're seeing in the market that the regulatory changes could actually drive more prepaid volume, so we're excited about that. We're seeing it in our sales activities around that product line. We're also seeing, as I mentioned, GIFTS, we're starting to see far more demand for ACH and other types of payment processing across the enterprise. So there's a lot of areas. Like Frank mentioned, he mentioned mobile, we're seeing a tremendous amount of demand in that. We're waiting for a tremendous amount of volume to flow through that, but we've got to get our clients first. So that's all that's very positive for us.
Frank Martire: And the good news is we're well positioned with those different product initiatives.
John Williams: . And one last question, I guess, just quickly on your customer conversations that you have on the payment side. What are the 2 or 3 things that your customers are focused on? Obviously, it's a different discussion with the small and midsize versus say the regional banks. But are you leading with the NYCE Network product and then selling everything else in? Or is it other things that you're finding the clients are generally more interested in, like bill payments and other things?
Gary Norcross: Well, it's a great question. I'll tell you depending on the customer, we try to leave with the breath of our solution with our services capabilities wrapped around that and so we're seeing a lot of demand for those kind of things. But clearly, NYCE is at the forefront of our discussions, especially with the Durbin Amendment. People are looking for alternative networks, and so we're having a tremendous amount of conversations around NYCE. We've also had a tremendous number of signings on the NYCE offering as well. So frankly, it didn't really break across institution size. In general, people are looking at more cost effective and creative ways to deliver their payment processing.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Togut of Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc.: Gary, you highlighted an expanding pipeline in Financial Solutions and also reduction in implementation times. Could you differentiate among the different segments within Financial Solutions, starting with credit unions and community banks up to megas to give us a sense of what's happening from a demand and a pricing standpoint?
Gary Norcross: Yes. Let me clarify one comment. We're seeing an expanding pipeline on sequential quarters and we're actually seeing the time to close that pipeline descend. Our implementation pipeline is as full as I've seen it in recent years, which is a great situation. It just shows the success of our sales channel and our solutions. To get to your specific question, I think you went in this order, if we start with community banks and credit unions, we're still seeing strong demand for our core processing and payment solutions. There is clear evidence that those type of size of institutions are looking for a single source provider to help drive their cost to the lowest possible amount they can by leveraging their overall relationship. We're having very strong success in that market and we continue to see not only good sales closings, but good financial growth in those markets as well. When we go up into the mid-tier banking marketplace, I think we shared last year the strong demand in the mid-tier for our core banking systems, we continue to see demand there around core. But what we're also seeing there is more and more people are looking for a broader solution as well. So we're starting to see those guys embrace payments, bill payment, et cetera, as well. When we get up into the very large financial institutions, we end up doing more point-related sales activities. So depending on what projects are being driven in those large institutions, the nice thing about FIS is we have the capabilities to square off against those projects. Capco has been very helpful here in the early part of our relationship where they're bringing in these transformational discussions and then we're able to provide subject matter expertise around the particular need. So that's really how the market's breaking down for us is the U.S. When we get over into our international markets, we can't discount that. We're seeing tremendous opportunities in Asia around both payments and core processing. Still more demand around core processing and services in Europe than we see payments related. And then we talked about South America and our payments capabilities and the growth in those payments.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc.: And can you comment, Gary, on pricing trends broadly in the Financial Solutions business?
Gary Norcross: Well, pricing -- we always have to compete on price. So at the end of the day, we have to provide an excellent product, an excellent service and we have to be price competitive. Depending on what type of solution that we're competing with or for, if it's a single-point solution like an individual payment product as an example, you tend to see more pricing compression because you're typically competing more against with a monoline player, where this is their only product or service they have to open the market. When we're really dealing with breath of solution, we're not seeing as much compression but still price, as I said, you always have to be competitive to win.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Peter Heckmann of Avondale Partners.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC: . Yes, I wanted to follow-up on a couple of questions. Can you talk a little bit more in revisiting this Sunrise issue on the prepaid platforms? What are the different prepaid platforms that you have in the U.S. and who might be some of the representative clients for them? Is the Sunrise platform the platform that American Express is using?
Michael Hayford: Yes. We have 2 primary prepaid platforms. We label Sunrise [ph] obviously the location, but we sometimes call them prepaid north and prepaid south. They're both very large. They serve the markets somewhat different, one is more of a high-efficiency focused kind of shared platform. The other one is a little bit more customized. We do provide a service to American Express. They were not impacted directly by the incident and we continue to have -- we went very aggressively with our communication out to the clients who were on the affected Sunrise platform and the interaction that Gary had and Frank D'Angelo, who heads up Payments, talking to clients. They were very appreciative that we communicated. And again, the impact is limited to one client, a very small number of accounts. Financial impact was limited to FIS. So I think we were very proactive in addressing this issue.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC: . Okay. So the Sunrise is more of the turnkey platform?
Michael Hayford: Sunrise is actually more of the customizable platform, so some of the different clients have their own custom platform and are isolated.
Gary Norcross: Yes. We actually run multiple instances down in Sunrise.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC: Okay, okay. And so to the extent that banks are looking at adopting a general-purpose reloadable prepaid card, they would probably look at the most -- well, I guess they could look at either one, right?
Gary Norcross: Correct. We evaluate through the sales cycle, Peter, what's the appropriate solution. So as Mike mentioned, if you're looking for a highly customized solution, then we'll typically go in with one solution set. If you're looking for more low-volume card issues, issuance in a more packaged capability, then we'll go with a different one.
Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners, LLC: . Okay, okay. And then just one last question here. I'm starting to see a little bit more instances and maybe it's perhaps just the media coverage, but some of these largest software integrators, large offshore providers starting to win some domestic core upgrades, and we've seen some of those from Oracle and Accenture, Infosys and Tata. Can you talk about how you view those competitors, as well as how the balance of most of your customers view those competitors?
Gary Norcross: Well, I mean clearly, Peter. I mean, clearly, we view them as competitors and we do see them from time to time in the market. We had to be real clear on some of the winnings. I can think of only 2 of the top of my head that are dealing around core. One is not -- my understanding it's not going very well. One is related to a more broader global instances where an international financial institution acquired a domestic financial institution and they're rolling their international solutions that they've built through one of those providers and into the States. So do we see them as competition? Yes. I would tell you we see them probably more, it's safe to say, in our international markets today than we do in our domestic markets. But we're very, very careful. We realize they're formidable competitors and we have to make sure that -- that's why it's so important that we build out our services practice and we continue to build out our services practice. We now have more than 18,000 FIS badge resources to help us compete with those kind of providers in and around our intellectual property. So are they competitors? Yes. But we continue to be cautiously optimistic for the states. International markets, we continue to run into them much more. And obviously, as you move up into the larger financial institutions, they're going to be more of a competitive presence than in other areas.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Wayne Johnson of Raymond James.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Just a quick follow-up here on the Durbin Amendment. So how is FIS proceeding? Are you assuming that the amendment is going to be implemented as it's written by the Fed to date by July 21? Like how do you approach that, given the delay and the finality of the specifics that Bernanke was supposed to come out with last month? So how do you approach that limbo status, if you will?
Frank Martire: Well, obviously, Wayne, we're waiting for some clarity on the amendment first. But at this point in time, we can only assume that the way it was drafted is the way it's going to be implemented. But we continue to work with our clients on this. We continue to -- as you're probably very aware, there was a tremendous amount of feedback on the amendment given to the Fed and they've had to postpone their final decision as they review all of that. But we're assuming that the general construct of how the amendment is drafted today it will be implemented. And we are working with our clients around that front. I mean, clearly, one of the benefits we would see to Durbin is there are a lot of financial institutions greater than $10 billion that have a single network presence. Obviously, we see benefit that with our NYCE network. But we're continuing to monitor and watch for clarity like others in that industry.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, terrific. I appreciate that color. And just one quick follow-up on a different topic. The check volumes which continue to retreat and that's not a surprise, but what should we be thinking about in terms of rate of decline? Should we be thinking like a volume decline of 8%, 9%? How should we be thinking about that going forward?
Gary Norcross: Yes, I think that's pretty fair. I mean, given our scale in that business, we pretty much decline at about the same rate, maybe a little slower than what the national average is. Because keep in mind we are bringing on new sales, so that offsets some of that decline. But depending on the region of the country, we tend to look and model about that rate of decline.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar of Citigroup.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: Good quarter, guys, especially adjusted for one timers. Since this is a relatively recent change from a reporting perspective, I just wanted to first confirm, are there any other one-time factors that are included in your EPS guidance?
Michael Hayford: Yes, again, Ashwin, starting this year, we're going to project earnings only include the amortization of intangibles related to acquisitions, so everything else is embedded in there. And we'll call those out, but they are in the numbers, first quarter and they'll be in the numbers throughout the year.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And with regards to sort of a revenue mix factor that we're seeing more and more, obviously international growth, professional services growth. Within professional services, what kind of projects are being executed? What are your clients asking you to do and does it lead down at all to product sales?
Gary Norcross: Yes. I mean, that's a great question, Ashwin. We're really seeing across-the-board type of professional services engagements. So we're obviously seeing a lot of demand for enhancement and customization services around not only our products, but third-party offerings where we can bring development and application management expertise. We're seeing strong demand in our project management resources. On the Capco side, our consulting engagements, Frank mentioned the growth in Europe, we're seeing a lot of demand around transformational services, especially on the capital markets side and then that's also coming over into retail banking. In all instances, professional services is either augmenting a product we already serve or in many instances, it does allow us to bring in other solutions into that engagement. So we see it as a very good relationship and a very important piece of our business going forward.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And the second part of that same question, in international, down the road, does it have an impact on your tax rate as an international growth factor?
Michael Hayford: Yes, it will. I mean, you can see that our rate is down a little bit this quarter. We guided 35% to 36%, we're at the low end of that range. That's where we ended up last year and the tax team has done a nice job of some tax planning. But as we get a higher percentage and we brought on a fair amount of revenue internationally at the Capco transaction, as well as you see the growth in Brazil, that does help the rate go down.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: Okay. But you're still comfortable with the same rate though, low end?
Michael Hayford: Around 35% to 36% spread.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kartik Mehta of Northcoast Research.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: . Gary, I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about expecting increased consolidation in the industry in 2011. And I'm just wondering as you model or provide guidance, how much of revenue attrition you've built in for a consolidation?
Gary Norcross: Yes, it's a good question. We continue to feel that there's going to be somewhere between 3% to 5% of the industry attrit through any given year. What we're seeing is, while we're still seeing some failed institutions, we're seeing a higher appetite for acquisitions as well. Frankly, given the diversification of our revenue, we've kind of been the net benefactor of a lot of these acquisitions activities because we have volume as it typically is larger financial institutions that are doing the acquiring. And we tend to have broad relationships in those areas, and so the volume's actually coming on. But we've -- all of the -- any acquisition impact, any failure impact's fully within our guidance.
Michael Hayford: I think what we have historically said is about 150 to 250 basis points is the total impact on consolidation of the industry. 2010 as we talked about we had a minimal impact, so we were in the low end of that based on just what Gary said, that as institutions have failed, they've been taken over mid-tier institutions and our market share in mid-tier is very strong. We've picked up accounts. We expect that to be similar in '11, that the type of consolidation we've seen at the end of '10 and into early '11 we don't see a big impact. I think we're a little more cautious about going forward because we're seeing some larger institutions to traditional M&A starting here at the end of '10 and into early '11, so I think we'll have to watch that going into '12. For 2011, a minimal impact on consolidation.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: And then on the FSG side, you put up a really strong organic growth number. And I'm wondering is this just pent-up demand that's catching up or it was just a sales cycle and a lot of sales volume this quarter? And just trying to figure out why this quarter was so strong, because you said that for the remainder of the year, I don't know if you anticipated it to be this strong going throughout the full year.
Michael Hayford: Well, you have -- I think 3 things. One is, as Gary talked about in the past, we've had very solid sales success all the way back to fourth quarter of '09. So that sales success translates into revenue on a lag basis, anywhere from 6 to 9 months, maybe even 12 months in FSG, when you convert them to larger core transactions. So that phenomenon is coming on board and as Gary said, our backlog of conversions is still pretty solid going up through the year, so we expect that to continue. And then we've seen projects picking up, so we've seen in these [ph] projects conversion activity, we've seen work with the FDIC. We've seen work with just institutions who are now starting to spend money on projects as much as even software, so more customization. And then the third thing is with the addition of Capco. Capco is split between international and North America, and so Capco year-over-year has had tremendous growth and that is also included in FSG growth.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: And then just one last question, you talked a little bit about Sunrise. I'm wondering, has there been a loss of business or have any customers come back because of what has happened that they need to rebid the business they're doing with you or planning to do with you?
Gary Norcross: No, not this time. I think all of our clients were very pleased with how responsive we were. Everybody is always concerned. They felt like we'd been very proactive on this front and have been very transparent and worked through those issues in a very positive way.
Michael Hayford: Again, the key here is our customers have not sustained an impact or loss. We're very, very narrowly focused on the cards that were compromised. Again, we were just very proactive in notifying everybody that we had an incident and there might have been some exposure. But to Gary's point, the clients have been very appreciative of the fact that we've reached out to them in a proactive manner.
Gary Norcross: We have had heavy communications with our clients since day one and they've been very confident in the approach we've taken and the process we've gone through and the communications we've had with them.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bryan Keane of Credit Suisse.
Ashish Sabadra - Crédit Suisse AG: This is Ashish Sabadra on behalf of Brian Keane. I had a couple of quick questions and these are mostly follow-ups to the answers that you might have given. Specifically around the good growth in the FSG segment, I just want to understand what are the drivers for the Professional Services, like why are the banks spending money on professional services? Is it M&A or regulatory, or any color on that? And a follow-up question to that would be, are these share gains or it's just an increase in demand?
Gary Norcross: Yes, well, the professional services activities are around a number of things. So especially in our large and mid-tier financial institution in North America, we're seeing a lot of demand around not only installing our products, but integrating those into other solutions that's within the financial institution. We're seeing strong demand around M&A. Mike counted we had a number of large clients do some fairly significant M&A towards the end of last year and we think that trend will continue. We're also seeing project work in and around enhancements and management around non-FIS solutions. So really, it's around all those components. But most of our professional services growth is occurring in that mid to large financial institution space.
Michael Hayford: I would say versus share growth versus just increased relationship, Frank spoke to the strategy of having strong relationships and then being able to cross sell products. Services is a big piece of that, so we're very focused on having very deep relationships and are continuing to provide more product solutions and services to the existing clients. So that's been a very big piece of it. As they've started to be more confident about their business and about the recovery, they've started to invest in more projects. So I think we saw a slowdown starting the fourth quarter of '08 that lasted literally for 12 months. And I think we're continuing to see people become more confident and maybe spend on some products that they've held off on the last couple of years.
Frank Martire: Yes. We've clearly seen how the banks are feeling much more comfortable and confident in the future, in the short term and in the long term. The ones who have done well and survived and recovered well and are confident of the long-term plans and their long-term projections for their institutions.
Ashish Sabadra - Crédit Suisse AG: Thanks for the color. Just a follow up to the question, so have you seen an increase in IT budgets? Or is it just more spending on third-party services or a combination of both?
Gary Norcross: Well, I think to Mike's points, I mean, we're seeing an increase in project funding in our large institution in mid-tier marketplace and so that IT dollars, we're being the benefactor of those product activities in those banks.
Michael Hayford: Yes, I think you have to be a little careful. Overall, I see budgeting, I think you can, to some degree, split the market. I think there's some entities who came through the environment the last couple of years very strong and they see opportunities to grow market share and they are increasing their spend, increasing their budgets. You see other entities with the challenges they've had on the balance sheet, coupled with some of the payment regulation, probably more challenged to cut costs and actually both of those help us. The entities that need to do some transformation or maybe restructure their internal costs tend to look a little bit more to outsourcing, tend to look at someone who's got scale and leverage, so we've seen actually benefits on both sides of that side.
Ashish Sabadra - Crédit Suisse AG: A quick question on the FX considering international has been one of the fastest-growing segment and the U.S. dollar has been weakening. Can you just provide some color on the impact of FX deal wins on the model?
Michael Hayford: Yes. For first quarter, it's approximately $10 million was the FX in the quarter. We pulled it out when we do organic growth calculation. I think for the year, again we're probably going to have a little higher FX impact. You can assume that $10 million going forward [indiscernible] international growth continuing to grow is probably going to have -- in the couple of markets that we're seeing the growth in are having a positive effect on currency based on the dollar weakening. So both Latin America and Europe, that's occurring side. I think the $10 million is probably a good go forward, it might bump up a little bit from that each quarter.
Operator: Due to time constraints, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Waggoner and the panelists.
Mary Waggoner: Thank you for your time this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. On behalf of today's panel, I'd like to take you for your participation and thank you for using AT&T. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Norcross - Chief Operating Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President Frank Martire - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mary Waggoner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Michael Hayford - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brett Huff - Stephens Inc. David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc. Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets LLC David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co. Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mary Waggoner, please go ahead.
Mary Waggoner: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to everyone joining us this morning. Today's news release and supplemental slide presentation have been posted to our website at www.fisglobal.com. A webcast replay of the audio portion will also be available on the website shortly after the call. Joining us this morning are Frank Martire, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gary Norcross, Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Hayford, Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on Page 2 of the presentation. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Today's comments will focus on results from continuing operations and will include references to non-GAAP measures in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release and the supplemental slide presentation. In addition, references to revenue and EBITDA for the full year 2009 will be on a pro-forma basis to include results from Metavante.  I will now turn the call over to Frank Martire.
Frank Martire: Thanks, Mary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I'll begin today's business review with the summary of financial results and business highlights for 2010. Gary will follow with the operations report, and Mike will provide additional insight into our financial results and outlook for 2011. It was a strong quarter and a very good year for our company. Revenue growth earnings per share and free cash flow exceeded our expectations. For the full year, revenue increased 4.2% to $5.2 billion and increased 3.2% on an organic basis. Earnings per share came in at $2.02 and we generated $791 million in free cash flow.  We had many notable achievements in 2010 including the successful execution of the Metavante integration plan and global rebranding initiatives. We are most proud of the fact that our employees remained focused on serving our clients during a transitional year. I am also pleased with how the entire global organization has come together and that we are working as one integrated company.  The sales team did an outstanding job closing new deals and driving cross sales in 2010 as evidenced by the acceleration in revenue growth. We returned additional value to our shareholders with a $2.5 billion leverage recapitalization and share repurchase program. And we also made good progress building out our global market strategy. We successfully converted the Visa Vale and Bradesco portfolios to our Brazilian card operations. We improved our competitive positioning with the acquisition of Capco, and we also established a new strategic call center in the Philippines to support our growing global client base. We entered 2011 as a much stronger company and we are very excited about the future. We continue to invest for growth and we are well positioned to participate in the ongoing market recovery. As always, we remain focused on our client relationships and further expanding our market leadership.  Last, but not least, I would like to thank our employees for the hard work and dedication and our shareholders for your ongoing support. Now Gary will continue with the business report. Gary?
Gary Norcross: Thank you, Frank, and thanks to everyone on the call. I'm pleased to be joining you today. I'll begin today's review with a few comments on the Metavante integration plan, followed by an update on our competitive positioning and a few comments regarding our outlook for the banking industry in 2011.  As Frank mentioned, our employees have done a phenomenal job executing the integration plan and accomplishing our planned synergy objectives while minimizing any distractions in the market. While the integration is not 100% complete, the remaining projects are now being managed as part of our ongoing business plan. Our primary focus in 2011 will be to drive higher organic revenue growth and continue the strong sales momentum we had in 2010.  Looking back on 2010, we saw a meaningful increase in investment decisions. It was an especially good year for core platform decisions, as well as professional services engagements. This is in contrast to 2009 when most financial institutions focused primarily on managing risks and strengthening their balance sheets. We were excited to have Capco join FIS during the fourth quarter of 2010. Capco's consulting expertise and focus on large U.S. and global financial institutions are critical components of our growth strategy in those markets. The Capco team has been on board for a short period of time and we are already having joint FIS and Capco discussions for opportunities that neither company could pursue independently. This reinforces our belief that having domain expertise and relationships with top-tier managements in large institutions in the U.S. and globally will drive pull-through revenue in other business lines. In looking at our international business, we continue to expand our presence in emerging markets and recently added new clients in China and Southeast Asia. The Bank of Hebei deployed our real-time core processing solution which is specifically designed to meet the unique technology and double-byte language requirements for Chinese banks. China is a small but growing market for us, with 13 banks currently running on the FIS platform. We also added a new payments client in Singapore where we will begin providing third-party switching services in the near future. In addition, we continue to win our share of large transformational deals and we are encouraged with the continued success of Profile, our fully integrated real-time next-generation global core processing platform. We signed four new clients in 2010 and are excited about the growing sales pipeline. Profile is now the system of record for more than 200 banks in 25 countries. Turning to our Payments business. We continue to face challenges due to ongoing declining check usage, competitive pressures and regulatory uncertainty. The proposed interchange rules announced in December are more onerous than the market was anticipating. Our clients and prospects are still attempting to build their strategy on how to operate under the new rules. And we are still trying to understand the impact, if any, on our business. In closing, I'd like to leave you with a few thoughts. We believe the banking industry as a whole is on much more solid footing than in the recent past and we look for the recovery to continue. Regulatory changes are creating uncertainty in the market and it is still too early to determine what changes our clients will make and how those changes will impact FIS. Based on what we've seen over the past few weeks, we believe that bank consolidation could accelerate in 2011 as evidenced by the pending combinations of Hancock Bank and Whitney Bank, People's United and Danvers Bancorp and Bank of Montreal and M&I Bank. We provide services to all of these banks, including both M&I Bank and the Bank of Montreal through its U.S. subsidiary, Harris Bank. We expect to have ongoing technology relationships with all of the banks. However, as with any consolidation, our relationships could undergo changes. Finally, we are optimistic that banks will continue to invest in new technology and remain encouraged by the strength in the sales pipeline. We feel very good about our competitive positioning, expanded product capabilities and sales distribution network and are focused on continuing the sales momentum and driving higher organic revenue growth in 2011. Now I'll turn it over to Mike for the financial report.
Michael Hayford: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 4. Fourth quarter revenues increased 7.6% to $1.4 billion on a reported basis. Organic revenue growth, which excludes acquisitions and currency, accelerated to 6.1%. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA increased 14.4% to $445 million. The increase in EBITDA was driven primarily by the achievement of targeted cost savings. The EBITDA margin was 31.8% which is 190 basis points higher than the fourth quarter of 2009. The fourth quarter of 2010 compared to the third quarter of 2010 reflects the impact of seasonally high volumes in lower margin business lines such as healthcare and card production, the addition of services revenues from Capco and the reimbursement of legal fees in the third quarter of 2010. Slides 5 to 7 provide some additional detail on the operating segments. Financial Solutions revenue increased 11.3% to $504 million in the fourth quarter. This increase was driven by strong demand for professional services, higher outsourcing revenue associated with new client implementations and one month of revenue from Capco's North American operations. Licensees were comparable to prior year. Financial Solutions EBITDA increased 11% to $219 million. The EBITDA margin was 43.6% compared to 43.7% in the prior year quarter as the benefit of cost savings was offset by the higher mix of services revenue in 2010.  As shown on Slide 6, Payment Solutions revenue was $628 million which is relatively flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2009 as growth in electronic payments was offset by declines in check verification and item processing revenue. Additionally, consolidation of the merchant processing platforms resulted in the net method of accounting for merchant interchange fees. Excluding these items, Payment Solutions' organic revenue increased 3.8% compared to the prior year quarter. Payment Solutions EBITDA increased 9.5% to $240 million and the margin improved 340 basis points to 38.2% compared to 38.8% in the fourth quarter of '09, driven primarily by the realization of synergy cost savings. Turning to Slide 7. International revenue increased 25% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009, driven by the growth in Brazil card operations, higher professional services and license revenue and one monthly revenue from Capco's international operations. International EBITDA increased 25.3% to $81 million in the fourth quarter. The international margin was 30.3% and consistent with the fourth quarter of 2009, reflecting the seasonally higher mix of software and license revenue which is consistent with prior years. The fourth quarter's international margin is significantly higher than the first three quarters and higher than the full year average. Please turn to Slide 8 for a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings. Fourth quarter adjusted net earnings from continuing operations totaled $197 million or $0.64 per share compared to $169 million or $0.45 per share in the fourth quarter of '09. The after tax adjustments to GAAP earning in the quarter include the following: merger and integration costs of $34 million including a write down of an investment acquired in the Metavante transaction; the deferred revenue adjustment of $1 million which is also related to the Metavante acquisition; a debt extinguishment gain of $4 million for the remaining notes payable to the Brazilian joint venture; and the purchase price amortization of intangibles of $44 million. Average shares outstanding declined to 305.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to 377 million in the prior year quarter as the result of the recapitalization completed in August 2010.  As shown on Slide 9, we generated free cash flow of $222 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to $237 million in the fourth quarter of '09. Capital expenditures totaled $87 million compared to $67 million in the prior year quarter. This increase is due primarily to the timing of CapEx throughout 2010 and includes the integration capital. The full year 2010 financial results are summarized on Slide 10. Revenue increased 4.2% to $5.2 billion and grew 3.2% organically. EBITDA increased 13.9% to $1.628 billion and the EBITDA margin expanded by 270 basis points to 31.3%. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations totaled $711 million or $2.02 per share for the year. These earnings reflect the full year tax rate of 35% which includes the passage of tax legislation late in December. This full year rate was also slightly below our expectation due to the utilization of foreign tax credits and some ongoing tax planning strategies. Average shares outstanding totaled 352 million in 2010 compared to 239 million in 2009. This higher share count is based on the timing of Metavante acquisition in 2009 and partially offset by the leverage recapitalization in 2010. Free cash flow of $791 million also exceeded our expectation primarily due to the timing differences and lower than anticipated cash taxes. Capital expenditures came in at $314 million or approximately 6% of revenue for the full year.  Debt outstanding was $5.2 billion as of December 31, 2010, and then weighted average interest rate was approximately 5.1% at quarter-end. Additional detail on our debt is provided in the appendix. The Capco acquisition which closed on December 2 was funded with the combination of overseas cash and the revolving credit facility. The estimated purchase price is approximately $300 million plus an earn out based on the performance of the business over the next five years.  We are very pleased with the progress on the FIS Metavante integrations. Gary and his team has done a great job of pulling the businesses together and driving cost savings. The teams have focused on the integration and cost savings. These synergy cost savings include avoidance of costs, elimination of overlapping products, reduction of capital expenditures and expense take out. To date these synergy cost savings have exceeded $300 million, resulting in attainment of the planned $212 million out of the $260 million EBITDA reduction.  As you will recall, we laid out a plan to attain a $260 million EBIT savings at our 2009 Investor Day, including $62 million that was realized in 2009 and an incremental $150 million of savings expected in 2010. We have achieved the first two benchmarks and have $48 million to go, which is embedded in our 2011 guidance. Now if you will turn to Slide 11, I'll provide a few comments on our full year 2011 outlook. We are reiterating the guidance that we viewed at our December 6 Analyst Day. We expect reported revenue to increase 9% to 11% and organic revenue to increase 4% to 6%. The definition of organic revenue growth, we have provided on Slide 17. We anticipate 7% to 9% growth in EBITDA.  As discussed at the Analyst Day, we are projecting EBITDA margin to decline by 50 to 100 basis points in 2011 due primarily to two factors. First, with the addition of Capco, we are adding a higher proportion of services revenue. Second, as we discussed at Analyst Day, we are no longer excluding integration costs from our reported numbers. These costs, which are expected to total between $10 million to $20 million in 2011, will be more heavily weighted in the first half of the year, including approximately $10 million to $15 million in the first quarter.  We have included a chart on Slide 12 that illustrates the quarterly revenue trends for the past years and the expected trajectory for 2011. As you can see there is a seasonal decline in revenue and EBITDA between the fourth quarter and the first quarter of each year and then higher growth in the second half of the year. We feel this is the typical trajectory for our organization. Also, as we shared at Investor Day, we are projecting adjusted net earnings from continuing operations of $2.24 to $2.34 per share for the full year 2011. Our guidance assumes a tax rate of 35% to 36% and approximately 310 million average shares outstanding. Just as a reminder, adjusted net earnings in 2011 will exclude only the purchase price amortization of intangibles, which is a change from how we reported adjusted net earnings in the past. As we shared at Investor Day, this impact is approximately $0.02 to $0.04 off our 2011 guidance for integration costs and additional $0.03 to $0.04 for Capco purchase accounting. Free cash flow is approximate net adjusted net earnings in 2011. Our priorities for cash deployment are consistent with the prior years and include funding of internal growth initiatives, servicing our debt obligations and shareholder dividends. We also plan to maintain some level of flexibility to allow potential M&A activity. In addition, we have 13.6 million shares remaining under the purchase program authorized by our board in early 2010. And as always, we will consider making opportunistic share purchases based on market conditions to offset any dilution from stock options. In closing, I'd like to leave you with the following takeaways. First of all, we are very pleased with the 2010 financial results and the very strong fourth quarter finish. While we don't want to understate the remaining projects related to the Metavante integration, which Gary talked about, we are going to include those as part of our normal business plan in 2011 and we're very confident that we'll achieve the remaining targeted savings by the end of 2011. As Gary mentioned, we believe market conditions could fuel increased bank consolidation in 2011 which could have a more negative impact on the business than it did in 2010.  We continue to anticipate a challenging environment for the Payments business due to the continued decline in check volumes and the impact that regulatory uncertainty is having on our clients investment decisions. Aside from these potential headwinds, we expect banks to continue investing in new technology and believe we are well positioned to capitalize as the overall market conditions continue to recover. And lastly, our primary focus in 2011 will be to continue driving higher organic revenue growth and continue the sales momentum we achieved in 2010.  This concludes my prepared comments. Thank you for your time this morning. And operator, you may open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] For our first question, we go to the line of Dave Koning from Baird.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I guess, first of all, just international, I mean the growth has gone much, much better and I know a lot of that is the conversion of the card platforms. But I guess I'm wondering, is the kind of growth you saw in Q4, is that sustainable over the next few quarters given some of these, or are there even additional projects that are coming on that could accelerate that? Or maybe you could just talk through this, it looks like 20% or so of organic growth probably in that line?
Michael Hayford: David, fourth quarter is very strong and you hit the kind of key points. As you remember last year in '09, we had a very strong fourth quarter in our international business, particularly in services and sales or services and software license. And we saw that same phenomena fourth quarter of 2010. And then the other major activity was the Brazilian card business and as we've talked about in the past. With the conversion in October, we had a very strong fourth quarter. That is obviously going to carry into 2011, so we expect international to have a solid 2011. So I think that will be the accelerator to the growth in '11 versus '10. And then again, we would expect the calendarization of international be similar where it's going to ramp up throughout the year and we expect fourth quarter to be very solid in the international business just like the last two years.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then I guess the one other thing, in financial, I mean, the back half was so much stronger. I think the back half grew about 10% relative to low single digits in the first half. I'm wondering just again if you could talk to us, is that mostly environment? Is that easy comps against last year? I guess, is that sustainable? And as we get to the back half of '11, I mean we hit those tough comps, so maybe it feels like the first half of '11 is still stronger at financial, but then it tails off a little in the back half. Maybe just talk through some of the points around how financial got so good so quickly.
Gary Norcross: Well, Dave, this is Gary. Certainly, what we're seeing on the financial side is on the second half of the year, we saw a stronger growth in our Professional Services business. We started seeing more of our customers engaging in that segment on projects that, frankly, they had on hold during the economic crisis. We also saw a number of our key clients do some significant acquisitions in the space and obviously we benefit that from Professional services. We think that what we look forward is that trend is are going continue in the near term. We also have had a lot of success in our sales engine, bringing on new core clients. And as we discussed in the past on these calls, that takes typically 12 to 18 months to really get those customers on board and generating revenue for us. So we're starting to see some benefits from those conversions and implementations as well.
Michael Hayford: David, I do think you hit the key points. Gary talked about and we talked about in the past calls, our strong sales starting in the fourth quarter of '09 right after the combination of two companies. And then with the six to nine months lag we started to see that come on the second half of 2010. We had talked about that, we expected the growth to come in the second half, we saw the growth. Your point on year-over-year comparisons, obviously, when you look at second half of '10 versus the second half of '09, that showed up as very strong growth. We won't anticipate those kind of double-digit growth numbers for FSG going forward, but we still expect to have pretty good growth in FSG. And Dave, I think what we're most pleased about is, with all the synergy activity going on, we were able to continue the sales momentum through that whole process.
Operator: Our next question, we go to the line of Glenn Greene from Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: I guess the first question, both Mike and Gary sort of talked about sort of the consolidation impacts, maybe just give us a little bit more color? I mean, is that sort of things that you sort of know about just sort of being a little bit cautionary? And also embedded within the 4% to 6% organic, have you reflected a certain amount of headwind within there for consolidation activity?
Michael Hayford: First of all, what we're trying to do is highlight, and Gary talked about the three of the deals that we've seen happen in the market and we're trying to differentiate and highlight that. 2011, going in 2011 versus the impacts we had in '10, we had very little impact from consolidation in '10. Even though there were a lot of institutions that were taken over or shut down by the FDIC, there were generally smaller organizations. And as we discussed on other calls, we actually feel we came out neutral maybe even slightly ahead last year because our customers were picking up a lot of those account volumes and that helped our growth. Heading into '11, we've seen some consolidation in the mid-tier market and some of the larger organizations like M&I. And obviously those customers, there's a little bit more uncertainty as to what ends up as an ongoing relationship and how much that revenue you preserve. At this time, we don't know those numbers and we're working, as Gary said, we have relationships with all the institutions involved, we're working with them. And so at some point we'll figure out pluses and minuses. We'd expect in some cases to come out ahead and in some cases we'd expect to come out behind as it relates to ongoing revenue. We have looked at in anticipation of level of consolidation in the marketplace as we look at our guidance of 4% to 6%, so yes, that is anticipated. But that is something we're watching to see whether it accelerates or whether it stays at a consistent level to what we saw the last portion of 2010.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And then just it sounds like the sales activity, some of the organic growth in payments or pickup in payments in the back half with some of the sales activity in the back half, latter part of '09 into the early part of '10, which is sort of a comment on the sales activity, it sounds like the tone and decision making is improving, but maybe, Gary, a little bit more color on what you saw in the back half in terms of deal closures.
Gary Norcross: Yes, we saw very nice momentum in our sales channel. We talked about it in prior calls. We started seeing it pickup in the first half of the year and in our sales activity, not only in our pipeline but our deal closing strengthened in the back half of the year. We had a very, very strong third quarter and had a very nice fourth quarter as well. So we feel very good about our sales engine. We've seen certain markets, Glenn, actually return slower than others. When I look at Europe, for example, we continue to see that market is actually returning a little slower for us than some of our other markets. But all in all, we're very pleased with our sales performance. And we're very pleased with where our pipeline is and the deal flow activity.
Operator: Our next question, will go to the line of William Maina from Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: This is actually Ashwin Shirvaikar. My question is on the regulatory uncertainty that you have. I mean, what are you assuming with regards to the quantification of that regulatory uncertainty, obviously on the payment side there is a specific date beyond which some of that uncertainty hopefully eases?
Frank Martire: I think the key thing there is as we talked about in the past, we don't make money on interchange. So we've passed some interchange through on behalf of the clients that we issued cards for. So the interchange itself is not a direct impact to us, at least not a major impact. We have a small portion in our Healthcare business. But based on the preliminary outline of the regulatory change, as Gary mentioned, a little more onerous than people had anticipated. So what we're waiting for a little bit is what is the downstream consequences. So if the debit interchange remains as low as has been proposed and I'd say that we think there will be some changes before actually gets codified, but if it remains that low, what does that mean to debit programs that institutions have, how many cards are they going to continue to issue? We've seen just some of the uncertainty between when the law got inked and bewtween when actually the rules get put out around. As people are waiting on debit programs, I think even prepaid which we expect to potentially have a benefit, I think are people waiting to see what to do with prepaid, credit card which is not impacted by the current rules, but there's noise, loyalty programs are impacted. So there's just a lot of kind of waiting to see how this rolls out. We think the roll out, if it rollw out the way it is defined today, there's pluses and minuses. I'd say we're a little bit less optimistic, we think some parts of our business we'll see some pick up. But again, if it comes out this onerous relative to financial institutions and the amount that they could take from interchange. We expected recent changes and we don't know the extent of that yet, we don't know what that means relative to numbers for us and in our businesses.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: What I also wanted to ask you if you could maybe size the total impact of everything you do with paper checks, including processing verification and all of those different things. Is it roughly 15% to 17% of revenues?
Michael Hayford: We actually have it in the slide deck, Slide 6, we defined that the check-related businesses were $135 million in the fourth quarter of '09 and $121.8 million in the fourth quarter of '10 relative to give the magnitude of what the revenues are.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: But does that include all of the check-related stuff, including verification and all those things? I'd assume some of...
Michael Hayford: Yes, we put two businesses in there, the check verification and check guarantee business that we run and also the item processing which are both check volume dependent.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: Capco and GIFTS that you announced yesterday, it seems as though you sort of broadening out your portfolio of what you can offer your clients, especially with GIFTS seems to be going a little bit more towards, I'd say, wholesale banking and universal banking and those kinds of commercial banking type of things. Is that sort of a trend we should expect with regards to use of cash going forward?
Gary Norcross: Well, I think, Ashwin, the thing you should expect from us is we're going to continue to look for ways to broaden our portfolio and further penetrate our clients and drive value for them. And really, Capco, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, Capco really drives a much more strategic relationship at the top levels of very large U.S. and global financial institutions. When you look at GIFT, GIFT really translates to a true product need and product gap. And like we typically do in a lot of these smaller acquisitions, we'll do a partnership first, see if there's applicability in our base. And if we see that, we tend to have a bias to want to take the ownership of these types of products and solutions to further penetrate. So GIFT brings us a lot of wire transfer capabilities, international commercial treasury capabilities, which I wouldn't say it's a swing of focus, it's more of just continuing to identify things that our clients need to broaden our solutions within that base and further penetrate.
Operator: Our next question, we'll go to the line of David Togut from Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc.: It looks like adjusted free cash flow was down $15 million year-over-year primarily due to higher CapEx. Can you drill down into what some of the increasing uses were for CapEx and what is your expectation for capital spending in 2011?
Michael Hayford: Well, again, I wouldn't read too much into the fourth quarter year-over-year. CapEx, as you probably know, is somewhat lumpy depending on when we actually put equipment or when we spend money to buy software products from outside the organization. So I think if you look at the fourth quarter year-over-year increase, which as you pointed out, is what's driving some of the change in cash flow, it's really just timing. It's the fact that we, in the end of '10 versus end of '09, put some more CapEx to work, whether it's on building product or whether it's buying equipment or buying software to operate. Part of that is the reflection on the growth of the business. Our expectations going forward for '11, we spend about 6% of our revenue for CapEx.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc.: And just finally, on Durbin, are you seeing any impact on your prepaid business, as financial institutions perhaps look to expand in prepaid since that's the exempt from Durbin?
Gary Norcross: David, this is Gary. We're certainly seeing a lot more activity. We announced recently about our EFA account, electronic funding account, that's all based around reloadable prepaid offering. And we're certainly having more and more conversations around that. I think in general, our clients continue to look to FIS on ways to help solve pending regulatory change. Given the fact that Durbin is not going to be finalized until April and then implemented in July, we're still in the commentary period. And frankly, there's a fairly strong argument that what that amendment was hoping to accomplish is actually going to do the inverse and actually hurt consumers instead of benefit them. So a lot of our customers -- but the answer to your question is yes, we're seeing more activity around not only our prepaid solutions, but some of our other capabilities to help drive revenue and profits for our financial institutions.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc.: So is the primary question really around what will happen with the final rules or is it just the negative anticipated impact on debit or both?
Gary Norcross: Yes, I think right now, everybody is trying to figure out exactly where it's going to end up and what the final rules are going to be and how it's going to be implemented. A lot of people are taking positions. I think no matter where the amendment ends up being finalized, we're going to see a shift in solution and banking practices away from some of these other channels. But I do believe FIS will be the benefactor of that. As you've seen, we've got very, very strong scale in prepaid, the EFA accounts are very powerful offering in the market and how it can drive benefit to the financial institutions and consumers. But we really need to wait and see what the final outcome of that amendment is going to be. There's a little bit of uncertainty on the wait-and-see attitude out there.
Operator: Our next question, we go to the line of Brett Huff from Stephens.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Can you give us the credit and debit transactions for the quarter year-over-year and then give us your thoughts on per Durbin? Have you had conversations such that you think that banks will do what they can to drive things to credit or pin debit? Can you give us your sense, or prepaid I mean a little bit of a follow-up to the last question?
Gary Norcross: Well, Brett, we don't typically disclose our transaction volumes. But we did see nice growth in both debit and credit in Q4. We've actually been a little bit surprised by the resurgence of some of our credit volumes, which is very positive, and we have a lot of reasons why we think that's occurring. I think when it comes to Durbin, to my point with David earlier, really, what we're seeing and it depends on the financial institution we're dealing with, but all of our financial institutions are looking for alternative ways to drive electronic payments, transactions that obviously benefit them and their end customers. And so we are having a lot of conversations around prepaid today. We're still having quite a bit of conversations as well around debit. Some of our network things we're doing, some of our P2P-type payments. So we're seeing a lot of activity in the whole payments space. And I think a lot of that is being spurred around Durbin. One thing I keep pointing out, we're seeing a lot of conversations. I do think to Frank's earlier point, there's a wait-and-see attitude, so we're not going to see lot of signings here in the very short term until we figure out exactly how the regulatory change is going to shake out.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: And then on bill pay, how is that cross sale activity going now? I know cross sales were a big part of 2010 in that 6% organic growth number you guys put up this quarter. But can you give us a sense of how bill pay played into that?
Gary Norcross: Yes, we actually had very, very strong bill payment sales. We were very successful selling in the large financial institutions in 2010 and saw a good penetration there. We actually saw over 100 bill payment sales for the year, so we're very pleased with our cross sales on that product and very pleased with the ongoing activity we're seeing around that product as well. We feel we got a very strong competitive product in the market and that's evidenced by our signings. And evidenced by a number of our large financial institutions who recently signed one of which, most financial institutions don't like us mentioning their name obviously, but Harris Bank in Chicago who is owned by Bank of Montreal signed up for our bill payment capabilities at the end of the year. So we're very excited about the activity we're seeing there.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: And then on license, I think from '08 to '09, license was down 40%. Obviously, license was up last year from '09 to '10, but do you have a sense of what that percentage was up versus '09 so we kind of know? Are we back to normal yet or back to precrisis levels or can we still have some room to go on just back to normal levels of license?
Frank Martire: Well, I don't know what normal is right now. We saw License rebound somewhat in '10, I think we had a pretty good year in the international market. I think in the domestic market, in some of the license marketplaces, as we see the shifts particularly in payments, with check image and then what's going on with the check capture. We've seen some shifts there. We've seen some trends on the software side there. I'm not sure if it's a market economy or a cyclical trend, I think it might be a long term systemic trend relative to just the change in checks. So we've seen that decline in checks. We talked about it as an overall decline. It is processing but it also hits software. So I think in some of the domestic markets on software, we're trying to look and see what is the normal that comes back. I think we've talked in the past, we still think some of the large scale transformative deals are out there to be had yet. We think there's domestic banks as well as we've seen a lot of activity in international banks who are looking at updating their channels and integrating their channel strategies and also making the transition on the core side. So we do expect that to continue to pick up in the near future.
Operator: Our next question, we go to the line of David Parker from Lazard Capital.
David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: You have a very highly diversified customer base, but you did mention some of these M&A activity that you're seeing. Are any of the three deals that you talked about, are they significant customers, say, 1% to 2% of revenue?
Frank Martire: As we've shared in the past, M&I has been a large client in the past. I think we've talked about it being around 2% of our total revenues historically. So that's one that's of size and scale and as Gary referenced, Harris Bank is a very large client of ours, a very good client of ours, pretty large client of ours in the U.S., Bank of Montreal is also a client of ours in Canada. So we've got relationships with all three of those institutions. We do not know what the outcome is going to be, we don't know the timing and we don't know, quite frankly where we end up in terms of growth of revenue related to that or any contraction of revenue related to that combination. So as we learn more, and if it's material we'll certainly share that. But that is the only one that has a size and scale that we ever talked about.
David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: In a typical transaction like this, I mean when you're combining volumes from two different banks and they potentially had a different threshold, what type of pricing pressure do you normally see in this type of experience?
Frank Martire: Normally, it's kind of hard to predict, right, in terms of if you look at different portfolios of products that each institution might be using and sometimes you combine two institutions that are customers and you end up with the same revenue or sometimes you can end up a little more because you can upsell some products. I'd say we generally look at it and say if there's two customers using our products and they combine, the two customers combined, they're going to expect some leverage out of the relationship, so that revenue stream's going to go down. And then the magnitude of which it goes down really depends on the deal.
David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: And then just moving on to a different subject, just looking at mobile payments and mobile banking in general, what are you guys doing in terms of your strategy in that area and what are you hearing from your clients in terms of demand?
Gary Norcross: Well, David, this is Gary again. We've certainly seen a lot of activity around both mobile banking and mobile payments. We have chosen at this point in time to partner. We've got two very strong partnerships in the market but we're also seeing a lot of cross sales around that, around both of those offerings to our clients. The question is going to be when will the adoption reach a point that we can generate real revenues. So we're seeing a lot of activity. I would share with you, it has not translated yet into a lot of revenue, and I think that's just the general state of those typical offerings in the industry today. But the quick answer is a lot of conversations, a lot of people signing up for it. As we see intelligent handsets continue to be broadly adopted, then obviously we continue to see increased demands for that. But we're waiting for the adoption to reach an inflection point where we actually start seeing some real revenues come up.
Frank Martire: But David, we're well positioned when it does come. We did the product investment to make sure we're positioned for it.
Operator: Our next question, we go to the line of John Kraft from D.A. Davidson.
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Just a couple on last year and just some clarifications, I'm not sure if you mentioned these. Gary suggested that GIFTS was a smaller acquisition. Can you give us a revenue run rate or growth rate? And then second was, did you mention the termination fees in the quarter, were there anything material?
Michael Hayford: Termination fees, no. Obviously, what we've tried to do is if there is something of magnitude, we've called those out. We don't have anything in magnitude in the fourth quarter. GIFTS we don't have the number. We didn't disclose the size of the business, but to Gary's point, it's a small niche business. It's an extension of what we've done. We've had a partnership which has been integrated with our eBanking product because clients when they go to eBanking platform, they want to be able to transact these type of functions so in this case wire is something that is very important to eBanking platform. It was just a nice fit that we saw an opportunity and went out and did it. It's a relatively small company, it's a small transaction but we think a nice fit to cross sell to our client base.
Gary Norcross: And we've seen a lot of demand. I mentioned in our prepared comments, we've seen a lot of demand from our client base for this functionality. So it was a classic, could we go buy something or do we go build it? And it was clear that buying it at this point in time made more sense, we've got to speak to the market. And once again, benefited our clients to meet a need.
Michael Hayford: What we did, if you look at the deck out there, we gave a little accounting for how we view organic growth. So all the deals that we do, we've excluded their revenue and you can kind of see the magnitude of all the deals we've done in 2010 and the impact of revenue in the fourth quarter. So you get a sense that, altogether, it's not a lot of material revenue.
Operator: Your next question, we go to the line of Bryan Keane from Credit Suisse.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: It sounds like there has been a little bit of a pickup in core deals, so I guess if you could talk a little bit about, is that just a change in environment? And then what does the pipeline look like for core?
Gary Norcross: Well, Brian, Gary. We actually have talked about on a number of calls, we actually saw a very nice increase in our core activity throughout the year. And yes, I would suggest it has accelerated in the third and fourth quarter. We've also seen some very nice mid-tier institutions, so financial institutions greater than, say, $2 billion to $3 billion in asset size. We've seen a very nice increase in decisions in that space and we've been the benefactor of those decisions. So when we look forward, we continue to see a lot of activity and I think as we shared on prior calls, this was one area that kind of surprised us coming out of the economic issues. We didn't expect this area to rebound quite as rapidly. But once again, I think that the issue is, a number of our financial institutions really struggled with their technologies to get through this economic collapse and they are at a point where they want to fix all their foundational elements, so in the event they have to go through this process again, they are on a much more stable platform. So we saw great growth throughout the year as our sales team, led by Jim Susoreny did a great job domestically. We're starting to see those activities return through in our international markets as well. I would say the core activity returned a little slower in the international markets than in the U.S. But we're looking forward when we see looking at our pipeline activity in first, second and beyond. We're still seeing good strong opportunity out there.
Frank Martire: Yes, Brian, we're very pleased with the core sales results. Keep in mind, Gary made the point earlier that it takes 12 to 18 months to get those converted, to get the impact revenue.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: Just want to ask about pricing, what's the pricing environment like? I think Mike called out a little bit of pricing pressure inside of payments, so I'd just like to get the color there.
Michael Hayford: Yes, we didn't talk a lot at this call. I think we've talked on prior calls about pricing and pricing pressures. There's always the question how is it today versus last quarter, a year ago or five years ago or 10 years ago. And I would tell you, we continue to monitor it. It's always a challenge, it's part of our business that as we get larger, as we get more scale, our customers expect us to pass those benefits on to them. They expect our competitors to pass them on. So we think the market continues to be competitive. We don't see it or sense it as any different today as it had been in the past. Every once in a while, you get a particular area that has -- you'd be able to put more competitive pressure, but I think that we would view pricing pressure and the marketplace as a normal part of the business. I think we look at that in conjunction with consolidation and consolidation is something that is little bit harder to predict and a little harder to manage, that's the part that we watch more closely for the trends.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: But nothing unusual inside of payments or anything else?
Michael Hayford: No.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: Just corporate expense, sequentially, looked like it increased a little more than we expected. Was there anything in there that caused the big increase sequentially? And then lastly, Capco, I might have missed it, but do we know how much Capco contributed revenue in the quarter?
Michael Hayford: Yes, on the corporate numbers, quarter-over-quarter, I mean it didn't really increase the bottom line is we had a big benefit in the third quarter, which we called out on the last call, the settlement on a legal dispute with a former client. And so $10 million benefit in the third quarter which did not recur. We had called it out. We did not expect it. So corporate expenses are higher, but costs are really not any higher, but we don't have that benefit. What's the other part of the question?
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: It's Capco.
Michael Hayford: Capco, if you go to that some sale slide, which we carve out all the acquired revenues, if you will, into our organic growth, calculation is on Page 15. So you can look at our total for current period acquisitions, the revenue in the fourth quarter of '10 was $17.9 million. So that includes Capco and the number of these other smaller deals we've done throughout the year. So you can assume that that's a big of chunk of that is Capco, in December it's just one month.
Operator: Our next question, we go to the line of Andrew Jeffrey from SunTrust.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Appreciate the detail on acquired revenue contribution, just to drill down a little bit more on Brian's question, can you talk about how much of the Capco revenue was in your international segment versus domestic?
Frank Martire: Yes, there about half and half. Capco, it's EMEA-based to Europe-based and the U.S., so it's about split 50-50.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Is there any difference in the growth rates of the profitability of the domestic versus the international operations?
Frank Martire: No. Again, we're two months into the transaction. The company, as Gary talked, kind of the conversations and dialogue and what we had strategically expected out of the deal we're seeing all the right signs early on. But in terms of type of businesses they're doing, the type of customers, it's a service-based company, it's consulting, it's project, it's time and material, the margins are very similar in both regions.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: And then from a high level, some of the comments that you're making contrast a little bit with those that Pfizer have made last week regarding core demand. It sounds like maybe you're a little more optimistic than they. Do you think that's a function of share or customer mix? Or I'm sure you're probably heard what Jeff had to say. How would you compare and contrast your view of the market?
Frank Martire: I don't want to compare and contrast I just want to deal with historically and reality of what we're seeing. Gary mentioned it very well, we've been very successful on core deals, and we've seen that over the last 12, 18 months and we've been very pleased and to some degree a little bit surprised as to how well we're doing. So that's the reason why you hear the comments. Will it continue? We hope so. Do we know that for a fact? No. But we've done well. So that's what we're saying. That's the point we're making. We would prefer not to compare or contrast it.
Gary Norcross: And the pipeline continues to be stronger.
Frank Martire: And the pipeline is still there for us. And hopefully we'll continue to close deals and win more than our share.
Operator: And due to the time, our last question today will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On the Capco side, any surprises in terms of client or employee retention? And also, I've been getting this question, how much of the work that they do on the project side is in the areas of reg compliance? I asked because obviously they could see a list in project work related to that. I don't know if that was a specific carved out practice for Capco?
Frank Martire: I think I'll answer the first part of it and then Mike or Gary will answer the rest. As it relates to the employees and the clients and prospects, we've been quite pleased. The employees are staying. Rob has done a great job as CEO of retaining the staff. We've been very engaged, very engaged at all level of both organizations because we see tremendous opportunity there. As far as the client reaction, I got to tell you, we're talking to the FIS clients in particular and now to some other of the Capco clients, where in many cases, are the same, very positive reaction, very positive and they see a lot of opportunity there. Now we have to make that opportunity all real, but we feel good about it.
Michael Hayford: On the question on the practice areas, they do some compliance work. They have a practice area around risk and compliance which actually aligns nicely with what we have at FIS. I would say that the greater opportunities for them in the compliance arena, some of the things we're talking about on payments, they do a lot of more transformational strategy work, consulting work of how a financial institution might address some of the changes, the regulatory compliance changes are driving in payments. And those are much bigger projects and much more impactful, and that's really where the sweet spot is, helping institutions, how do you change your business model, how do you make sure you're driving the fee income, how do you make sure you're managing cost effectively. So I think that's where they have seen a lot of dialogue and uptick.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then just real quick on Brazil. I know there's been a lot of good volume news down there, you gave some updates before, but just in terms of the direction of the pipeline from non-bank entities and maybe some new entrants on the client and on the company side, have you seen any real movement there in the last three months because it seems like it's getting a little bit more complex down in Brazil and you're well positioned there? So has that opened up, would you say, in the last three months? And as a follow-on to that, would you consider now moving more into the merchant processing side as opposed to just the card processing?
Gary Norcross: A couple of questions there, let's go with the first one are we seeing a change in the pipeline activity in Brazil in recent months? The answer is yes. I think it's not related, for us, we're not seeing new incumbents, is what's changing it. We're seeing the success of our large convergence throughout 2010, driving activity of other products FIS has to offer in that market. So we're actually excited about some of the conversations we're having. From a true card processing standpoint, we continue to see very nice growth in our pipeline regarding doing these types of services for other large issuers in Brazil, whether that's a high-end retail with a private label portfolio or someone with branded Visa and MasterCard, so we're very pleased with that. We're not saying -- we've always seen challenges with people trying to break into the country and we've always competed against those, we think, very effectively. So we're pleased with the activities going on in Brazil.
Mary Waggoner: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Please give us a call if you have further questions. The operator will now provide you with the replay instructions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:30 a.m. Eastern Time today through midnight, February 22nd. You may access the replay service by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 187769. International participants may dial (320)365-3844 and enter the same access code, 187769. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for using AT&T Executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Gary Norcross - Chief Operating Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President Frank Martire - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mary Waggoner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Michael Hayford - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brett Huff - Stephens Inc. Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams, Inc. Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets LLC David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated John Williams Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to the conference over to our host, Mary Waggoner. Please go ahead.
Mary Waggoner: Thank you, Brea, and thank you for joining us today this morning. For those who have not already done so, I would like to remind you to register for our annual Investor Day, which is scheduled on Monday, December 6, at the New York Stock Exchange. Now we will proceed with the third quarter earnings report. Today's release and supplemental slide presentation have been posted to our website at www.fisglobal.com. A webcast replay of the audio portion of this call will also be available on the website shortly after the call. Joining us this morning are Frank Martire, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gary Norcross, Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Hayford, Chief Financial Officer. Frank will lead today's discussion with the third quarter highlights and an overview of the recently announced Capco acquisition. Gary will follow with the operations review. And Mike will conclude with the detailed financial report. Please refer to the Safe Harbor language on Page 2 of the presentation. Today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. As always, our discussion will pertain to results from continuing operations. In addition, today's comments will also include references to non-GAAP results in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release. Unless otherwise stated, reference on this call to revenue and EBITDA growth rates will be on a pro forma basis to include results from Metavante in all periods. The presentation will begin with Slide 4. I will now turn the call over to Frank Martire.
Frank Martire: Thanks, Mary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. October 1 marked the one-year anniversary of the merger between FIS and Metavante. By all measures, the combination has exceeded my expectation. The team has done an outstanding job of staying focused on serving our clients while delivering on our commitment to create value for shareholders. We are very proud of the manner which our employees have come together as one company. It has been impressive to say the least and speaks to the high quality of our management and employees. I'll begin today's business review with a summary of financial results, followed by key developments during the quarter and an overview of the pending Capco acquisition. Third quarter revenue increased 3.3% to $1.3 billion, driven by excellent results in Financial Solutions, which grew 10.5% compared to the third quarter of 2009. The strong performance was driven primarily by high discretionary spending, strong demand for integration services and growth in existing base. This is our fourth consecutive quarter of top line growth, and we are very encouraged by the increase in momentum and renewed confidence in buying decisions. The EBITDA margin expanded 320 basis points to 33.1% in the quarter, and adjusted earnings came in at $0.52 per share. Free The cash flow was again strong at $220 million. The integration is progressing on schedule, and we are confident that we will achieve the targeted cost savings. There were a number of key developments in the third quarter. Each of which will drive long-term benefits for our company. In early August, we completed the $2.5 billion leverage recapitalization and share repurchase plan. We also announced the signing of our Memorandum of Understanding with Banco Bradesco to continue the joint venture in Brazil. Most importantly, I am pleased to report that we successfully converted Bradesco's $14 million bank card portfolio to our platform in early October. Our respective teams did an outstanding job bringing the project to completion. And we are now providing card processing and backlog support for Bradesco's credit card portfolios. We are very excited about the growth prospects for the joint venture and the opportunity to further expand our card processing operations. Separately, as noted in this morning's press release, we are reviewing strategic alternatives for the Proservvi business in Brazil, which FIS acquired in 2006. Gary will talk more about this business later in the call. And last, we announced the definitive agreement to acquire Capco, a global business and technology consulting company. Capco, which focuses solely on the financial service industry, will significantly strengthen our consulting service capabilities and provide a strategic extension of our core and payment processing solution. Capco has relationships with many of the largest banks in the world and is highly respected as far as thought leadership, deep domain expertise and client-centric approach. The transaction supports our domestic and international growth strategy and position us to further expand our foot print across large U.S. and global financial institutions. Capco, with its strong brand and industry expertise, is an excellent addition to FIS's portfolio of services, and we are very excited to welcome the entire team of Capco professionals to FIS. Rob Heyvaert, the company's Founder and Chief Executive Officer, has more than 25 years of industry knowledge and experience in building and managing consulting companies. All in all, it has been a very good year for FIS. We continue to make significant progress towards completing the integration project and are on track to achieve the targeted cost savings. We are very pleased with our solid financial results for the first nine months of the year and the improved sales performance. And as always, we remain focused on our client relationships, growing the business and further expanding our market leadership. Now I'll turn it over to Gary for the business report. Gary?
Gary Norcross: Thank you, Frank, and thanks to everybody on the call. I'm pleased to be joining me today to provide an overview of the third quarter operating highlights. I'll begin my remarks with an update on the Metavante integration, followed by an overview of the current sales environment and key business initiatives. The response from the market has been overwhelmingly positive since we announced the combination of FIS and Metavante. Our combined strength and product capabilities are beginning to drive tangible benefits for our clients. And as Frank mentioned, the integration project is going very well, and we are on track to deliver our committed financial targets. Many of the data center and strategic command center moves have been completed. As I'm sure you can appreciate, this is of highly complex, large-scale effort, and our employees are doing a phenomenal job. Our dedicated integration team and client support staff are to be commended for their success in executing the project, while maintaining production quality and high standard of service to our clients. Sales activity remains solid in the third quarter as new contract value increased sequentially and also relative to third quarter 2009. Even as our clients navigate their way through the myriad of regulatory changes that have occurred in 2010, we see them pursuing more buying decisions, and the emphasis is shifting towards growth and expansion compared to 2009, when many banks are focused primarily on managing expenses and survival. Demand for core system replacements continued into the second half of the year. Lake City Bank, a longtime client of a competitor, recently selected the FIS core processing platform and will also convert to our eBanking, bill payment and debit cards solutions, as well as the NYCE payments network. We also continue to see pull-through sales from our existing client base. In fact, more than half of our core clients in North America have purchased additional services from us in 2010, as evidenced by accelerated growth in Financial Solutions, which grew more than 10% in third quarter and 5.6% year-to-date. Many banks are also leveraging the current environment to grow through acquisition, which is driving increased demand from implementation and integration services and driving additional cross-sell opportunities for all our products. We recently announced plans to provide outsource application management services to ING Direct in France, a user of our Profile core processing solution. We are very pleased to expand our decade-long relationship with ING Direct, which is viewed by many in the industry as the best-in-class model for retail banking. Also in early October, we completed the installation of our Profile core processing system for the Bank of Pakistan [National Bank of Pakistan], which is largest bank in Pakistan and one of the largest banks in Asia. Sales of our Payment Solutions also increased in the third quarter. Suncoast Schools Federal Credit Union, the seventh largest credit union in the country, will soon convert its debit card portfolio to the FIS platform and will also begin utilizing the NYCE payments network. Suncoast has been a longtime credit card client, and we are very excited to broaden our relationships. We continue to make progress in leveraging our payment products into our international growth strategy. I am pleased to report that two clients in South America, including the Bank of Venezuela and ReadyCARD, a well-known third-party processor, have selected our ATM switching services. We also recently expanded our outsourced ATM management relationship with the Bank of India, one of the top banks in that country. As Frank mentioned, we successfully converted Bradesco's remaining card portfolio the weekend of October 2. We are now processing Bradesco's private label, MasterCard and Visa-branded cards, as well as their complete commercial card portfolio. The conversion went extremely well, and feedback from the bank has been very positive. We remain very enthusiastic about the Brazilian market and the strong growth potential in the region. We are also excited about the expanded capabilities that Capco brings to FIS. Capco is a very strategic investment, which truly sets FIS apart from other providers in the industry. Capco's thought leadership and consulting expertise are strong complements to our existing suite of core and payment products. And their client-centric approach is strongly aligned with our integrated go-to-market strategy. We believe that the transaction will further differentiate FIS in the market and strengthen our value proposition as a provider of transformation solutions to large banks and financial services companies around the world. Now I'll provide some additional color about our Brazilian Item Processing and Remittance business, formerly known as Proservvi, which we acquired in 2006, and it was generating approximately $15 million per quarter. After a comprehensive evaluation, we have concluded that this predominantly paper-based business, which is not part of our Brazilian joint venture, is not a strategic fit for FIS, and we are actively pursuing a buyer or other alternatives. In closing, the main points I'd like to leave you with today are as follows. We're executing the integration plan in delivering the synergy targets, while staying focused on maintaining high client satisfaction levels. We continue to closely monitor the regulatory environment, and generally speaking, change provides opportunities for us to engage even more closely with our clients. We are encouraged by renewed confidence on buying decisions in the market and feel that we are competing very well and winning more than our fair share of deals. And like our clients, we are investing for growth and working hard to aggressively outperform the market. Now I'll turn it over to Mike for the financial report.
Michael Hayford: Thank you, Gary. As a reminder, my comments related to revenue, EBITDA, and year-to-year of our growth rates will be on a pro forma basis to include Metavante results from the prior year. In addition, as outlined in the press release, the Proservvi and ClearPar businesses are included in discontinued operations. I'll begin with Slide 5. Adjusted revenue increased 3.3% to $1.29 billion compared to $1.25 billion in the prior year. The growth was driven by higher license sales, professional services revenue, which in aggregate, increased 23% compared to the third quarter of 2009. Debit and credit transactions also continued to trend favorably. Adjusted EBITDA increased 14.7% to $427 million. The increase was driven by the achievement of targeted cost savings, revenue growth and recovered legal expenses that were incurred in prior quarters. EBITDA margin expanded 320 basis points to 33.1%. Slide 6 provides segment data on FSG. Financial Solutions revenue increased 10.5% to $486 million in the third quarter of 2010 compared to $439 million in the third quarter of 2009. The growth was driven primarily by strong growth in Professional Services and higher license and outsourcing revenue. Financial Solutions EBITDA increased 16.9% to $219 million, and EBITDA margin increased 250 basis points to 45.1% compared to 42.6% in the prior year quarter. On Slide 7, Payment Solutions revenue totaled $601 million, a 1.9% decrease compared to prior year as growth in electronic payments was offset by declines in check verification and item processing revenue. Payment Solutions revenue increased 1.8%, excluding our paper-based check businesses. Payment Solutions EBITDA increased 2.3% to $231 million, and the margin improved 100 basis points to 38.4% compared to 36.9% in quarter three of '09, driven primarily by synergy attainment. Turning to Slide 8. International revenue increased 2.3% compared to the third quarter 2009. The foreign currency benefit added approximately 20 basis points to our reported growth rate. EBITDA was $47 million compared to $49 million in the prior year. International margin was 23.3% compared to 24.9% in '09. As you are aware, quarterly results can vary due to timing of softer sales. Revenue growth results were negatively impacted in the second and third quarters of 2010 by the delay in the Bradesco conversion. Now that Bradesco has converted, we expect our International business to return to double-digit revenue growth beginning in quarter four. Please turn to Slide 9 for a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings. Third quarter adjusted net earnings from continuing operations totaled $177 million or $0.52 per share compared to $89 million or $0.46 per share in the third quarter of 2009. The adjustments to GAAP earnings include the following. First, the $83 million Santander termination fee and the restructuring of the joint venture have been excluded from our adjusted operating results, the net income of $17 million or $0.05 per share. Also included were costs associated with the leverage recapitalization and integration costs totaling $16 million after tax, the deferred revenue adjustment of $2 million, the after-tax amortization of $42 million and again, shares outstanding averaged $339.2 million in the third quarter. As shown on Slide 10, we generated free cash flow of $220 million in the quarter. Capital expenditures totaled $93 million compared to $91 million in the third quarter of 2009. We began the quarter with approximately $3 billion in debt and incurred an additional $2.5 billion related to the leverage recapitalization. We completed the share repurchase in August, acquiring 86.2 million shares at $29 per share. We subsequently repaid approximately $400 million of our debt resulting in $5.1 billion of debt outstanding as of September 30. The debt includes $1.1 billion of senior notes which were issued through a private offering. We expect to begin the registration process for these notes in the near future. Additional detail on our debt is provided in the appendix. The capital transactions, which we announced last week is an all-cash deal with approximately $292 million payable at close. We will use a combination of cash currently held outside the U.S. and draw against revolver for the remainder. The total purchase price will include the an eanout, which will be payable upon achievement of future earnings and EBITDA goals. The acquisition is expected to be accretive to organic revenue growth and slightly accretive earnings in 2011. Now if you turn to Slide 11, I'll provide a few comments about our full year 2010 outlook. Given the positive momentum heading in to the fourth quarter, we expect constant currency revenue growth to be at the upper end of our 1% to 3% guidance range for the full year 2010. We began 2010 expecting a $60 million benefit from foreign currency and are now estimating net benefit to be about half of that. We continue to expect even a margin expansion of approximately 300 basis points for the year. We are reiterating our guidance for adjusted earning from continuing operations of $1.91 to $2.01 per share for the full year 2010 and are tightening the range to $1.95 to $1.99 per share as we head into the fourth quarter. The guidance does assume a 36% tax rate and 353 million shares count for the full year. We are forecasting average shares of 307 million in the fourth quarter. And while we have not completed the planning process for next year, we are anticipating average shares approximately 310 million in 2011. Free cash flow is expected to exceed $700 million in 2010, in line with our previous guidance, which has been adjusted for the increased interest cost. Before we take questions, I'd like to make a few closing comments to summarize our progress to date and key developments in the third quarter. First, we are very pleased with the solid year-to-date performance, particularly the increased sales performance and are confident that we will achieve our financial objectives for the year. We are excited about Banco Bradesco's long-term commitment to the joint venture, and most importantly, the successful conversion of the bank card portfolio. The integration project is proceeding on schedule, and we are on track to achieve a $260 million synergy target, including $150 million of incremental savings over 2009. The addition of Capco supports our domestic and international growth strategy and positions us to further expand our footprint across large U.S. and global financial institutions. We are seeing renewed spending in the market and are increasingly optimistic about the momentum as we head into the fourth quarter and into 2011. And last but not least, we will provide additional detail regarding 2011 outlook, our business strategy and the Capco acquisition at our annual Investor Conference, which is scheduled for December 6 in New York. We look forward to seeing all of you there. Operator, that concludes my prepared comments. If you could please open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is going to come from Dave Koning with Baird.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I guess, first of all, the guidance for the full year now implies kind of 3% to 4% growth at a minimum in Q4. And it sounds like one of the key benefits here is that International is going to pick up the portfolio. But I'm wondering if the core business, even excluding that and with the tough comp in Q4, will continue at same momentum. I guess maybe just walk through how you think in Q4, you get the benefit, obviously, internationally. But is the core business underlying that also continuing to be stable and continuing to improve?
Michael Hayford: David, I think that's a good point. Obviously, International is going to see some growth simply because of the October 2 Bradesco bank card conversion. And as you talked about in the past, that's about -- we had to date about $10 million a quarter based on that. The core business FSG, as we sum third quarter, a very, very strong third quarter. It's been very strong all year, a little strong than we anticipated. We've talked about the strength could be back in the market. And we don't see that changing in the fourth quarter. And as we said, we're excited about the momentum we're building on sales as we head into next year.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: One other question I just wanted to ask. You bought back the 86 million shares. Your guidance for next year and kind of even what we can see the rest of this year implies that the share count will be down about 75 million from the peak in Q2. And I guess I'm just wondering why we wouldn't see more of a decline in the share count relative to where we were at kind of at the peak.
Michael Hayford: Well, the share count, as we've said, we repurchased a total of 86.2 million. It looked like that the paired share as part of the weighted as average was due to the stock option. So some of those 86.2 million shares were already accounted in weighted average share count as part of the option exercise. So I think if you net it all out, it's going to end up being 86.2 million. But as you look at stock share count, I think it was about closer to 79 million going down.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then, finally just the one last thing, I guess, you're excluding now that item processing income. I mean, is it fair to say the guidance might have been a lower if you would have continued to include the item processing operations throughout the full year?
Frank Martire: You're referring the Brazilian BPO?
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Right, that same amount that's now excluded.
Michael Hayford: Yes, I think you got to look at it is what it is relative to when we set our plan last year, and looked at it and where we anticipated that business could be. And I think, we looked on Brazil and we have to spend a lot of time, a lot of management time last year, very focused on the lot joint venture, a lot of time and effort in the Item Processing business. And our conclusion was the time and efforts spent in continuing to invest in the Item Processing business down there, which is very paper-intensive check based, we don't have that kind of skill and leverage that we do in the States in terms of declining check volume and being able to maintain margin and profit. And as we looked at where we're at and what it would take to take that forward, we just concluded we'd be better off finding a different solution with somebody else who can probably better utilize that market. So I don't know that I would say, as you look at where we were and where the numbers worked out, there's an awful lot of puts and takes throughout the calendar year that get it. And we're pretty excited we're still within our range and at the upper range of where we thought we're going to be at the beginning of the year. And some things went positive and some things, we struggled through during the year. I think it's hard to say when you stated the guidance a year ago, what are all the things plus or minus that are going to impact it.
Frank Martire: Yes, we also were counting on the card joint venture Bradesco converting in February in the first quarter as well. So to Mike's point, there's just so many moving pieces here. We're real happy where we are today.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: I just wanted to just get a little bit more color maybe on the sales environment, the activity level. It sounds like your tone's improving a bit. If I heard you right, q-to-q, the contract activity picked up some. Could you just give us a little bit more color where you you're seeing the sales strength, I mean financial revenue look? But I know there's sort of a lag in terms of recognizing revenue related to sales. Payments, I wanted to drill down on that, but it looked a little soft to me. And the broader contracts, what are you sort of thinking about fiscal '11 financial technology spending? And last, getting the context that one of your peers kind of suggested 3% market growth for '11.
Gary Norcross: Glenn, this is Gary. I'll take some of those and then, other can comment. We are pleased where we saw our sales in Q3. We saw a good strong sequential quarter growth. We also saw a strong growth year-over-year. We also continue to see strong growth in FSG in our sales, not only core takeaways but in our Professional Services business. Also, we saw some increased sales in our software license fees. So we're real pleased. While Payments has been a little lighter this year than what we've seen in the past, we saw a very nice growth in our Payments business in Q3, and sales as well. So we highlighted a couple in our prepared remarks with Suncoast Federal. We also had some nice sales internationally on Payments.
Michael Hayford: And Glenn, to stress Gary's point, we are really very pleased. And in touch, a little bit surprised about strong core sales that we've, and that the momentum continues into the fourth quarter.
Gary Norcross: One of the things that's driving our FSG success is this continued demand for Professional Services activity. A lot of our clients are now acquiring other financial institutions. We're benefiting from that because we're helping them work through the integration, the conversion of those financial institutions.
Michael Hayford: Glenn, on the full year question for 2011, we're going to hold off on that until we do our Analyst Day on the 6th. But licensing fee, our original guidance for 2010 was 1% to 3% organic growth rate. And we'd obviously revise until we're going to be in the upper end of that range. So we expect to end '10 fairly close to that 3% level. So as we look into '11, we'll give some more clarity where we expect that to be. But I think we're encouraged by the progress in 2010 and the increased momentum in the buying environment from our customers throughout the year.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Let me just ask one more. On the International side, the margins actually looked pretty favorable in my mind. And I gather from some of your comments here, at some conversion costs in the here, Bradesco's going to add $10 million in the fourth quarter. How should we sort of be thinking about the International margin profile kind of in 4Q, exiting 4Q?
Michael Hayford: Well, again, for the full year, we've talked about it in the mid-20s, in the 20s. And I think last year, we had a pretty decent margin year. Most of conversion costs refer throughout most of 2010 as we were looking on the Bradesco conversion. And again, that delayed from first quarter into the fourth quarter, so that was the cost, a little bit of a drag throughout the year. But International margins are always going to lag a little bit the U.S. margins because we don't have the leverage and scale in any single economy or any single market that we do in the U.S. But we're pleased with the results. Fourth quarter is always generally a good quarter, International, because of a little bit strangled license sales. So we do anticipate that.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: I guess, first question, I'm trying to size the Proservvi business that you're divesting. It seems to be, based on run rate, about $80 million, $85 million revenue business with a full year loss of maybe $8 million or $9 million. Is that about ballpark?
Michael Hayford: As Gary referenced, about $15 million a quarter, so $60 million a year. And the run rate, I don't think I'd put it quite that high. We're a little bit more on the third quarter, which obviously is probably discontinued. But I think it's probably lower than that.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: I thought the $15 million included in payment, that was onetime in nature?
Gary Norcross: No, no, it's about $15 million a quarter.
Michael Hayford: Revenue rates.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: And in FSG, is there any way to break out the -- and maybe you said this, but is there any way to break out the software component?
Michael Hayford: Well, again, I think software, we talked about how -- it's come back a little stronger in 2010. I think we talked about that each quarter, that discretionary spending in '09, particularly on software from Professional Services is where we saw the slowdown. So I think we continue to see in '10 a little bit renewed interest in software, a little bit renewed interest in Professional Services.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: Any early comments, when you speak with clients with regards to the impact of new financial regulation? What they're thinking about what they'll do with regards to the exclusivity and so on and so forth?
Frank Martire: We continue to look at that, Ashwin, and we continue to work with our clients. And as I stated in the prepared remarks, typically, these changes are positive things for FIS. Our clients are looking for us to help them through that process. We think, when you start looking at areas of exclusivity, we'll be the benefactor of that. And we see a lot of indications of that. But the reality is, we're seeing a lot of regulatory change go on. And our clients continue to reach out to us for help. Frankly, we did a very small acquisition in compliance coach, and that's been a very nice tuck-in for us to allow training on these regulatory changes and help our institutions. So the net of it is we're having positive conversations in helping our clients work through these changes.
Operator: And our next question will come from Greg Smith, Duncan-Williams.
Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams, Inc.: Mike, you said Capco would be accretive to organic revenue growth. Does that mean it will just be positive or it will be better than FIS as a whole?
Michael Hayford: Well, I think I should boast those things. As we add approximately a little over $200 million of revenue in 2009, is what we expect at the end of the year -- I'm sorry, 2010. The growth into '11, we expect them to be a pretty strong organic growth engine. And we expect their growth to be higher than the corporate FIS overall growth.
Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams, Inc.: And then what kind of margins are they generating, EBITDA or op income?
Michael Hayford: I think that industry is run 10 to 15. I think they run probably at the lower end of that range. And obviously, our expectations, we bring them onboard. The type of business they do, they're phenomenal industry leadership, business thought leadership, so they're in at the executive suite, helping to formulate strategies helping to make those strategies a reality in terms of execution. And so, that connectivity between the C suite and the business strategies down into execution I think is a great complement. So while their margins are going to be lower obviously, than the overall FIS margin, we do think they pull through some business across the board for us.
Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams, Inc.: And is there any significant seasonality in their business on a quarterly basis?
Michael Hayford: I won't say seasonality, but obviously, we're going to have a little bit more variability. As their business goes up and down. And as they probably go through some cycles, which will be more on a year basis than a quarterly basis. But I don't think there's a seasonality other than normally people might be flushing out budgets at the end of the year.
Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams, Inc.: And then just lastly, can you say what the year-over-year growth in your credit and debit volumes in the U.S. were?
Michael Hayford: We'll try to give an update in December on that. But again, I think we continue to see decent growth, north of 10% of the transaction volumes. And our credit has come back fairly decent again. Our credit card portfolio is retail bank, so you use a card as part of our retail strategy for the customers. So we didn't get as bad as some of the other providers because we're not focused on the card issuers solely, it's the retail institution who issues the card as an adjunct. So credit and debit volumes have held solid for us throughout the year.
Operator: And we'll move on to the next question. It will come from Brett Huff with Stephens.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: First, you guys have had strong sales 4Q, 1Q, 2Q. And I think you mentioned sequential 3Q sales were good contractually. You said in the past I think six to 12 months is kind of the lag time until we see some real juice from those. Is 3Q, did we see some of that? And is that one reason why we can feel confident in 4Q as well as heading into the first half of next year? Can you give us just some color on that?
Gary Norcross: I mean, absolutely. The guidance is sales do ramp on over the first six, 12, 18 month depending on the size of the project. As you're bringing on these sales, a portion of those sales do come in quarter because they could be software components, could be Professional Services components that we're booking the revenue as we deliver it. But you are seeing some benefits this quarter of some of the deals we sold at the end of last year and the start of this year coming online. And we're excited about that. And we're excited about what we're seeing going on in the pipeline and the continuing booking across the board, whether it's Payments, core signings or Professional Services continue to be strong.
Frank Martire: And I think, Brett, as Mike talked about earlier and Gary just mentioned when we talked about 1% to 3%, that will be more towards that 3% number. So it is again reflected their in the actual results.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: And then, just as you look into -- as you saw this quarter and you look into 4Q, you sometimes give us color on sort of the cross sales or synergy revenue, whatever want to call it, between Metavante and FIS. Can you give us an update on that? Is it better or worse, the same as in the past quarters?
Frank Martire: I'll tell you, Brett, what we've done so well on the integration, we really looked at ourselves as just one company now. So we're not really tracking. What we do continue to track our cross sales -- our cross sales continue to be very strong as I highlighted earlier in the call. Over half of our clients have purchased additional software. We highlighted Suncoast in this example. We highlighted the very large -- the core takeaways at Lake City. So we're having good cross sales penetration. They're really coming across the board. We're selling a lot of our bill payment capabilities, which is a former Metavante product solution. We're selling a lot of our other Payments of core solutions as well that were FIS-based. So I guess the message would be, we continue to see very strong cross sales across the board.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: You mentioned ReadyCARD switching, and that sounds like an important deal. Can you size that at all and give us timing when we might start to see revenue from that?
Frank Martire: Yes, we'll see ReadyCARD come on in 2011. Once again, it is a very high-profile, nice third-party switching company. We really can't disclose the dollars on that, but it was a very nice win for us in Latin America.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Credit Suisse.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: I just wanted to ask about the Professional Services and software sales. I think it was up 23% overall for the company. Did you give that number for the Financial segment, how much it was up there?
Michael Hayford: No, I mean, I don't think we'll break out specifically what that is. But you can probably anticipate that we will have a higher growth rate in FSG. A lot of our consulting services do come through the FSG segment because that's where core relationships and that's where higher percent of our Professional Services run. But again, we view that as more of an indication market starting to do discretionary project. If that's the first thing to go, then they tighten their belts. And when they start to spend, it comes back. So good growth year-over-year for us there.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: The number was 10 1/2% was much stronger than we anticipated. Is that something you think carries forward or was there some onetime things in there?
Michael Hayford: Again, there was -- the Professional Services, we are a little more cautious about whether those are onetime or recurring in nature. They do tend to get them quarter-to-quarter but they're not same as the processing. I wouldn't anticipate FSG growth at 10% for the quarter. We're very pleased with the growth. We've been pleased with the growth of FSG throughout the year. Again, Financial Services has come back to itself. A couple of things we talked about in the past. First of all, the impact of consolidation to market has been very minimal on us this year even though there's a lot of institutions that are being closed this year. They're smaller. We tend to actually win some of those. We've had some consulting fees to help and support the immigration of others that even might not have been to our platform. So I think that, coupled with strong license sales, some professional services and then the backlog that Gary's talked about, it's good sales starting with fourth quarter last year starting to come onboard, as all coupled to make it very strong growth and FSG this year.
Frank Martire: The answer is -- and it was a very clean quarter. I mean, there weren't any significant rundowns in there.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: It looked really strong. On the flipped side though, Payments was a little softer. Is that business going to rebound going forward? And what's causing -- I mean, I know the Item Processing and the Check business, but is there something else causing that business not to grow in line to kind of what we've seen historically.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think the big issue there, Bryan, is the paper-based business. and that we continue to see a headwind there. That paper-based business is not about volumes, but the papers converting to electronic very rapidly. We're seeing a huge conversion rate there. And as you would expect, when it converts to electronic, and we're not actually capturing those checks or running them down through the transport, it's going to hit your revenues side. It helps on the EBITDA side. But we continue to see that as a headwind. The base payments business, we're actually seeing some nice growth in most of our electronic payments businesses. And we're really pleased with where that is. But primarily, it's the that check-based business providing that.
Michael Hayford: What I'd suggest though is just like I wouldn't suggest you model FSG as a 10% growth model, I would not model PSG's number of minus 1.8% segment. And again, we'll give some clarity on December 6. But Payments had a challenging third quarter. Payments had some challenges structurally in the paper businesses. We do expect it to do better in the future. And FSG, we'd love have it run at that level. I don't think it's going to run at 10% going forward.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: Just two clarifications. Capco acquisition is supposed to close in the fourth quarter, is that right?
Michael Hayford: Yes, we would anticipate it yet, this year sometime.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: Is there any Capco revenue in the guidance?
Michael Hayford: No.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: And then just last question for me. There was a $10 million legal fee. It's hard to know if that was included in the adjusted $0.52 in earnings or not.
Michael Hayford: Yes, that was included. That was a recapture some higher expenses that we had in legal settlement. And so with those booked in the quarter.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: And that's in an adjusted $0.52 number?
Michael Hayford: That is in the $0.52.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jim Kissane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Frank, can you elaborate on the strategic rationale to acquire Capco? I mean, is this to drive more costing revenue or this a bit of a shift in strategy, focusing more on software?
Frank Martire: Sure, Jim. I don't know about shift in strategy, but support our strategy that we have as a corporation. That's to have deeper penetration, especially internationally with the large financial institutions and even some of the mids we can give it additional services that we have some capabilities but minimal. Capco comes with a tremendous reputation and in the marketplace. Obviously, we do a lot of checkup with clients and talk to them. And they come with tremendous comments about how good they are in the services they do. So we're looking to expand our services, do more for our clients and add more value for our clients. And I think it very much fits in with our growth strategy.
Gary Norcross: I just had a comment there. It's actually direct with our strategy to think over the years. We've always looked for opportunities that expand new solutions or new capabilities in existing markets we serve. And Capco is a perfect fit in that area. They're split between both Europe and the domestic U.S., which is great markets for us. And they break us into a different type of consulting transformation services. And as we disclosed, multiple calls and in last year's Investor Day, we're focused on continuing to grow in expanding large financial institutions. And this is where Capco does most of their work. So they're very strategic acquisition for us, and as Mike mentioned earlier, fits very well to not only help transform these large institutions to work through these large transformational projects, but we believe will actually allow us to sell services and do the -- overtime -- help do some of the intimidation work on these projects.
Michael Hayford: And they have very much of a client-centric approach, which is key to us and a culture that have how many deal and work with their clients and their partners and a though leadership capability that will be a tremendous value added to FIS.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Is most of their business with mega banks? And what's the split international and domestic?
Michael Hayford: I'd say it's primarily -- I know mega banks, but it's the top Banks, the tier 1 banks. And they're 50-50. They're EMEA, primarily Europe and the U.S., split 50-50.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And just one last question, and I'm not asking about F '11 guidance, but there's been a lot of moving parts in the International business. What's a reasonable long-term target for International margins?
Michael Hayford: Well, again, I think we'll probably lay out a little bit more clarity on December 6. But we figured, as we add in some of the Capco, which will run a little bit lower margin than the rest of our business runs. I think we thought historically that in that mid-20s, probably an appropriate range for the International business. Again, it's going to run a little bit behind the domestic business.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And just for modeling purposes, Proservvi showed a $7.3 million loss this quarter in discontinued ops. Where has it been running in terms of EBITDA margins in the past?
Michael Hayford: Proservvi, without getting into all of the specificity around it. We've operated -- that business -- we're obviously not happy with the results of the business that's why we made a decision that we either needed to invest more time, money and management effort in that. And we concluded that we will be better served focus on a joint venture, unless somebody else take and drive that. So you can see operating numbers in the third quarter. Again, quarter-to-quarter, it moves around a little bit. But again, we're just not happy with where that thing is at today and have chosen to take a different path.
Operator: Your next question games comes from David Parker with Lazard.
David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: You announced a number of impressive wins this quarter. I was wondering if you could drill down maybe into the two of them specifically, just City Bank, that competitive takeaway, just some of the reasons why you were able to win that business? And then also with Bank of India, some of the things that you're doing in that market.
Michael Hayford: I'll clarify and Gary can get into the little detail. When we're talking City, I think actually it's first quarter of this year was the license sale. So we don't have a new City sale. It's a bank called Lake City in the Midwest, and it's a core deal that we won against a competitor. Gary, I don't know if you can add a color to...
Gary Norcross: Yes, I know, I mean, it's just one of many significant core wins we've had this year. We've seen a lot of activity in core processing or competitive takeaways as we've mentioned on earlier calls. And this was a good example where they've been with their current provider for a number of years. And not only went with our core processing solution, but went with a number of our key Payment Solutions as well. So it's a very, very nice win for us. When you look at Bank of India, that's more -- that's also a very nice business. But on the payment side, Bank of India, obviously one of the top banks in that country, we continue to broaden our relationships, providing ATM and driving in settlement services for them on their ATM platform.
David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: And then, as part of the recap or shortly afterwards, you've already paid down $400 million in debt. Can you just talk about your plans going forward and just general uses of capital?
Michael Hayford: Yes, when we talk about the recap and the tender offer, we do anticipate to pay down some of the debt. We set a target to get from around $3.5 billion back down to -- it's $2.5 billion. And you saw we made some progress already this quarter. We continue to look at deals. We saw that we went out and are using our cash in hand and obviously, we'll use some of our revolver too do the Capco deal. So where we can find a strategic deal that has a fit, that will continue to drive organic growth aligned with our strategy, we will certainly take that opportunity and expand the cash flow to do that. We're going to maintain the dividend we have. We don't anticipate changing that. And then, as always, you saw that we're not reluctant at all jumping in buyback shares when it's an appropriate thing to do. We still have I think a little over 30 million shares authorized as part of the authorization early this year. So we'll continue to monitor all that. But we do, again, as you saw, anticipate to pay down shares, look for deals and use our cash appropriately.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I just wanted to ask on the Capco side, I'm curious, did you lock in the people and the key producers there? And structurally, how did that work? And I'm curious if there's any customer concentration how and you plan to swat the impact onto the face of the P&L from a modeling standpoint?
Frank Martire: I think we could all share in some of these answers, but I will tell you, business is all about the people and the quality of the people. We sure did lock them in. And I'll say lock them in with a lot of excitement and enthusiasm. They are very, very pleased to be joining FIS team and what we can do together as partners and coming together. So we have a bright future with them. But clearly, to your question, we did lock in the key people.
Gary Norcross: I'll add in on the customer question. While there was some overlap in the client base, what we found, Tien-Tsin, when we worked through the due diligence and talked to their clients is frankly, while we might be serving a common client, we were interfacing to the organization either a, at different labels or b, just around different types of projects and delivery. And so where there was some overlap and there weren't a lot. But there was some overlap, it was very complimentary in nature and really, just extends us further into those client in a bit more meaningful way.
Michael Hayford: Tien-Tsin, on the segment, we're going to defer that so the December 6 meeting, but obviously, that's something that we know we are looking at how this firs from reporting perspective. And I will echo and emphasize what Frank talked about on the people. So it was a cash payment upfront to existing shareholders. And then, the earnout is targeted predominantly at the partners, and the management, and the employees of Capco again because of it's a service-based company, very strong interactual property tied to the people that are driving it. So that earn-out is tied to keeping those people. As Frank said, it's not keeping them here but keeping them excited about the business to grow. It's tied to growth and it's tied to return in earnings. And they get pretty good return the higher the thing goes. I think we've structured that the whole team intact and to make the team excited about being part of the FIS.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I guess on December 6, you've mentioned that we'll got a lot more information there. I'm curious, are we going to get fiscal '11 guidance and I guess long-term guidance at that event?
Michael Hayford: Yes, anticipated -- I think it was last year. Last year, we did a number of things, we were talking about out its combination. We certainly made out our plans for the next year, which we do anticipate we will do this year as well. So I'll give some outlook into 2011. And then, as we did last year, we'll talk about our strategic plan, our outlook where we believe we're positioned to compete in any marketplace, and then what kind of long-term growth we would expect that to drive FIS.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Inc: And I guess on the Item Processing side, you mentioned it's not a strategic fit in Brazil, makes sense. I'm curious, does that a signal a similar view on your paper-based check businesses in the U.S.?
Michael Hayford: I think, again, paper check business is purely a scale play, particularly if the volumes down. And in the U.S., we have a very, very strong footprint. We have a lot of scale, a lot leverage. So as the volumes go down, we can the collapse and maintain margins in the business which has recurring revenue. We did feel in Brazil again that for us, given the scale we had down there, which we had a decent position. But to continue to invest time, effort and management, we just didn't think that was the best use of our capital or our management team.
Frank Martire: Well, and also keep in mind in the U.S. markets, this is these relationships are tied into a much broader relationship with these clients as well. So once again, back to our overall strategy of offering the most complete solution set in the industry in our U.S. markets. The Item Processing business is far more strategic for us in this country as a complement of much broader relationship.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of John T. Williams with Goldman Sachs.
John Williams: Obviously, you guys are very focused on the issue of processing business. And we're just trying to get a sense of how scalable and how movable is that to other markets in your view? And is that something that we can potentially look to being growth area over the next few years for you in markets certainly other than U.S. and Brazil?
Frank Martire: Well, I mean, John, yes, we do have great presence here in the U.S. in that business line. And as I mentioned in the call earlier, that we've signed some nice wins is South America on some of those projects. So our continued strategy in our international expansion is not only to take those products but to take the products that we have in the U.S. that are applicable and to push those into our international markets. And this year, we've seen nice cross sales of those kinds of solutions in both Europe, Asia and in South America. So yes, you'll continue to see us do that.
Michael Hayford: I think to your question, clearly, part of our strategy. We have a strong issuing platform in both debit and credit. We have a great footprint in the U.S. We have a great footprint in Latin America and Brazil. We have a number of great relationships in Europe, although we see potential there. We have great footprint in Australia. So we clearly think that's a product that will travel in other economies.
John Williams: Is it fair to say that when you go in and present that to potential clients while your platform may not offer the most bells and whistles, it's appealing to them because it's the most integrated, potentially with the other products that you're trying to sell them? I mean, do you think that's fair to say?
Gary Norcross: Well, I mean in the domestic U.S., one of the things that we sell all our solutions on are being kind of like best-of-breed but also integrated because of our capabilities across the board. But I would tell you, in the international markets, it is more of a monoline sale. And we would tell you, we are best-of-breed and it does have more bells and whistles as evidenced by we're the largest processor of credit transactions in Brazil now. Mike referenced Australia, which we have huge market shared, doing very well in Europe on these platforms. So they're very, very competitive platforms. When you start getting in the U.S. markets, because of our relationship is so broad with our clients, we also push on the tight integration across our suite as well. And frankly, that will be something that we'll continue to push in the international market because we fundamentally believe that the international markets over time, will start looking to leverage broader relationships with service providers like ourselves as well. So today, we're competing in best-of-breed product. We think in the future, we'll continue to cross-sell and build integration across that international market.
John Williams: We've been talking to a lot of clients about the idea that Durbin in PIN debit exclusivity coming to an end can have a positive impact on you. Certainly, from a revenue and earnings perspective, it's probably not needle-moving just because those transactions typically aren't the highest margin in the world. But what does it take for you to actually have that be a potentially needle-moving impact? Is it that you could potentially go into other clients and sell them the product a little bit more effectively, given that you've got the opportunity that this presents? Or I guess what is it going to take to see that become a bigger impact for you?
Gary Norcross: Well, I think it's just like anything else, John. I mean, at the end of the day, we're looking to sell as much of our capability and solution in the market as we can. And certainly, the Durbin amendment is causing our clients to look and to move to and offer additional networks. And so, we're stacking up against our clients on those issues with our go-to-market strategy, with our account managers in those clients. And we're talking to them about them. So what does it take for it to be needle-moving? Obviously, we're go to continue to focus across the board. Our network, the NYCE network works very well for both large and small institutions. And so, what we're going to do is just execute on as many of those sales as we can. We have highlighted a few this quarter that we had very nice wins. And so, as this continues to evolve, we think we'll get some NYCE penetration with people coming into NYCE and offering it as an alternative.
John Williams: Do you still have parody to Visa and MasterCard close as to it as you possibly can, right, in terms of acceptance?
Gary Norcross: Yes, absolutely.
Michael Hayford: Yes, in debit side, I'd say with one of those names probably better acceptance. But I think to Gary's point, I think there's still some discussion, dialogue around what is the exclusivity cost. I think there's a couple of different avenues where if people interpreted some ways, it's a very strong benefit to FIS in the NYCE network. I think we, again, going out to financial institutions, I mean great focus on our clients and supporting them and maintaining as much interchange, discretion that they can possibly do. I think we've got a great value proposition for our customers.
Operator: And that's all the time we have for questions today. Let me hand the call back over to our speakers for closing comments.
Mary Waggoner: Thank you very much for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing to you on December 6 in New York. Please remain on the lines for further replay instructions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference today. This conference will be made available after 10:30 today running through Tuesday, November 9, at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 173869. And international participants may dial 1 (320) 365-3844. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mary Waggoner – Senior Vice President of Investor Relations  Frank Martire – President, Chief Executive Officer  Mike Hayford – Chief Financial Officer  Gary Norcross – Chief Operating Officer
Analysts:  David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Greg Smith - Duncan Williams Inc. Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.  Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch Tien-Tsin Huang - J. P. Morgan David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets Karl Keirstead - Kaufman Bros. Kartik Mehta – Northcoast Research John Williams – Goldman Sachs Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Brothers  Ashburn Schiviker – Citi Brian King – Credit Suisse 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the FIS Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today’s conference call is being recorded. With that, I’d like to turn the conference over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mary Waggoner. Please go ahead. 
Mary Waggoner :  Thanks to everyone joining us on the line. Today’s Earnings Press Release and Supplemental Slide Presentation have been posted to our website at www.FISGlobal.com, and a webcast replay of the audio portion of this call will also be available on the website shortly afterwards.  Joining us today on today’s call are Frank Martire, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gary Norcross, Chief Operating Officer; and Mike Hayford, Chief Financial Officer.  Frank will lead today’s discussion with an overview of the leveraged recapitalization plan and a summary of second quarter results.  Gary will follow with the operations review and Mike will conclude with the detailed financial reports.  Please refer to the Safe Harbor Language on Page 2 of the Presentation. Today’s discussion will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.  Today’s comments will also include references to non-GAAP results in order to provide a more meaningful comparison between the periods presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release. Unless otherwise stated, references on this call to revenue and EBITDA Growth Rates will be on a proforma basis to include results from Metavante in all periods.  I will now turn the call over to Frank Martire. 
Frank Martire : Thanks Mary. Good afternoon everyone, and thanks for joining us on today’s call.  I’ll begin with a brief summary of our recapitalization and share repurchase plan. On May 25, FIS announced a levity capitalization plan under which the company will repurchase 2.5 billion of common stock at a price between $29.00 and $31.00 per share through a modified Dutch auction.  As previously disclosed, the FIS Board of Directors received a proposal regarding a potential leverage buy out of the Company and appointed an independent special committee to [inaudible] additional alternatives as part of the due diligence process.  After a thorough evaluation, the Board concluded that the recapitalization plan is the best alternative to return value to shareholders today, and to also preserve future upside potential.  We officially launched the offer to purchase on July 6, and expect to complete the share repurchase the week of August 9th. We have completed the financing needed for the tender offer, and we’re very pleased with the increase financial commitment from our existing lenders in the highly-successful marketing effort for the Term-Loan B and the Senior Notes, which closed last Friday.  The new debt structure provides FIS with the capacity to complete the tender offer and manage the business on an ongoing basis. Now, I will continue with the business report.  Overall, we are pleased with the solid second quarter results, which were in line with our expectations. Second quarter revenue increased 2.4% to $1.29 billion compared to $1.26 billion in the prior year, and increased 1.7% in constant currency.  The EBITDA Margin expanded 140 basis points to 29.9%, driven primarily by synergy cost savings. Adjusted earnings came in at $0.46 per share, and free-cash flow totaled $108 million for the quarter.  We continue to make good progress on our integration plan, and we remain on track to achieve the synergy cost savings of $260 million.  Year-to-date sales have been solid, and the pipeline remains strong. We have been especially pleased with the number of new core processing agreements. We have signed 39 competitive core deals in the first six months of 2010, compared to a total of 50 for all of 2009.  We are clearly gaining market share and we continue to expand our presence in the mid-tier market where our product capability and scale provides us with a significant competitive advantage.  In addition, the demand for Professional Services has increased considerably as banks turn to FIS to support their IT efforts, and for assistance with acquisition and consolidation-related activity.  In May, we hosted two very successful user conferences in Milwaukee and Orlando, with more than 2,000 existing and prospective clients in attendance.   The outlook expressed by clients has improved considerably compared to last year. And their discussions with us has shifted towards investing for growth and better competitive positioning in 2010, and away from bank failures and survival of the industry.  Before turning the call over to Gary, I would like to provide an update on our Brazilian Card Operation. I am pleased to report that we have agreed to terms and are working with Banco Bradesco to finalize the definitive agreement.  The strength of our relationship with the Bank became even more apparent to me during my recent visit to Brazil, and we look forward to further expanding our relationship.  Now, I will turn the call over to Gary for additional details on the joint venture, and a review of our Second Quarter Operating Highlights. Gary?   
Gary Norcross : Thank you, Frank. And thanks to everyone on the call. I’m pleased to be joining you today to provide an overview of the Second Quarter Operating Highlights. I’ll begin with a few additional comments about our Brazil Joint Venture, then I’ll briefly discuss our competitive positioning, highlight some of our key client wins and conclude with a few thoughts about the regulatory landscape.  First, I’ll cover the Brazil Joint Venture. As Frank indicated, we have executed a term sheet, and we expect to negotiate and sign definitive agreements in the second half of 2010. We expect that FIS will continue to operate the joint venture in partnership with Bradesco, delivering services to Bradesco as well as other commercial clients. And we are planning and working towards a fourth-quarter conversion of Bradesco’s Visa and Mastercard portfolio.  In April, we reported that we converted over 2 million cards issued by Bradesco through Visa Vale. As a reminder, Visa Vale is the country’s largest payment network for employee meal-voucher programs. We are pleased to report that we converted the remaining 3 million Visa Vale Cards belonging to Banco de Brazil and sent them there in May, approximately four weeks ahead of schedule.  Now, we’ll continue with the business report.  Earlier, Frank mentioned the success we are having in signing new core processing clients. In addition to providing highly-reoccurring revenue streams, these relationships drive significant pull-through revenue. A large portion of the total contract value associated with these new clients will be generated by the ancillary core products and payment services that we’re bundled as part of the sale.  This illustrates the importance of having a broad product suite and the scale and capacity to drive value to our clients.  Yesterday, we announced a new Core Processing Agreement with Sterling Savings Bank, a $10 billion institution based in Spokane, Washington. Sterling, a long-time payments client will migrate to our core processing platform which provides the full suite of integrated technology solutions.  Including Sterling, FIS has completed eight new mid-care processing agreements in 2010. We also continue to expand relationships with Tier 1 Institutions and we will soon begin providing expanded bill-payment services to one of the top four banks in the country. This is our second bill-pay deal for a Top-25 Bank in 2010.  In the community banking space, Rockland Trust Company, a long-time core processing client recently selected our item and image processing solutions, which we will provide on an outsource basis. This is further evidence of the success of our integration efforts as we bring these companies together and leverage our combined products suite.  As Frank mentioned, we are also seeing an increase in interest for services engagements. And we are continuing to add resources to keep pace with this demand, including the build out of our new service center in the Philippines that we discussed last quarter.  On the International front, we continue to see solid sales over last year and continued success in the installation of these systems. An example of this successful launch is VTB24, the largest retail bank in Russia, which recently went live with the Profile Core Banking Suite.  Now, I’d like to share a few thoughts about the recently-passed Financial Reform Act. While it is premature to know who banks will react to the changes, I will provide our views regarding the potential impact to FIS based on our initial analysis.  The new Interchange Regulations, which take effect in the Third Quarter of 2011 are primarily debit-focused and apply only to banks with more than $10 billion in assets.  Since Interchange is primarily a pass through for FIS, there is minimal impact to our bottom line. We expect the Durbin Amendment Provision, which include priority routing and exclusivity limitations to be neutral to FIS overall, as any potential downside related to changes in merchant routing is expected to be offset by increased volume processed on the NICE Network.  The new restrictions on overdraft fees will have minimal impact on FIS. While we provide the technology that enables banks to process consumer overdrafts, we do not receive any portion of the overdraft fees.  Historically, changes that require banks to refresh or upgrade systems to comply with new regulations have created opportunities for FIS to provide new services to clients.  To summarize my remarks, while the market remains very competitive, we feel good about business overall. Our sales team is doing a great job identifying opportunities and closing new deals. And our people in the field are keenly focused on maintaining high client satisfaction levels.  At the same time, our operations team is doing an outstanding job with the Metavante Integration. And as always, we’ll continue to work with our clients to meet their business needs and help them remain successful.  Now, Mike will continue with the financial report. 
Mike Hayford : Thanks, Gary. I’ll begin on Slide 5 in supplemental materials. Just as a reminder, my comments related to year-over-year growth will be on a proforma basis to include Metavante results in the prior year.  On Slide 5, as adjusted revenue increased 2.4% to $1.29 billion compared to $1.26 billion in the prior year. This increase was 1.7% in constant currency.  Growth was driven by higher license sales and special services revenue, which more than offset difficult comparisons in the Second Quarter of ’09.  Adjusted EBITDA increased 7.2%to $386 million, and the EBITDA Margin increased 140 basis points to 29.9%. This growth was driven by Integration Synergy Savings.  As Frank mentioned, we continue to execute on the integration plan for the Metavante merger. We again, met our synergy savings goal, which was $40 million in the Second Quarter. This is our third quarter since the Metavante merger and we continue to be pleased with integration efforts, which met the expected savings as scheduled.  If you turn to Slide 6, it will provide additional detail on our Second Quarter Segment Results. The Financial Solutions Revenue increased 3% to $458 million in the second quarter of 2010 compared to $445 million in the Second Quarter of ’09. The growth was driven primarily by strong growth in professional services and higher license revenue.  Financial Solutions, EBITDA increased 5% to $210 million and the EBITDA margin increased 90 basis points to 43.8.  On Slide 7, Payment Solution Revenue totaled $631 million, which is comparable to the prior year. Payment Solution Revenue increased 4.5% if you exclude our paper-based check businesses. Debit and Credit Transaction Lines continued to trend favorably. Payment Solutions, EBITDA increased 4% to $232 million and the margin improved 140 basis points to 36.8%.  Turning to Slide 8, International Revenue increased 8% on a reported basis and 3.1% in constant currency. International EBITDA increased 1.1%. International Margins declined 130 basis points to 18.1%; compared to the prior year; it declined 40 basis points in constant currency.  International Revenue has been lower than we anticipated coming into the year due to the delay in converting the Bradesco Card Portfolio. As we had previously discussed, the deconversion of Santander and the delay in anticipated conversion of Bradesco have had a negative impact on our International Segments Financial Results in 2010. With a positive momentum around our JV discussion, as Frank and Gary both shared earlier, we are now looking at a potential conversion by the end of the year.  While this is a positive outcome for the business looking forward, Brazil continues to have a negative impact on our 2010 results.  Please turn to Slide 9 for Reconciliation of Adjusted Net Earnings. Second Quarter Adjusted Net Earnings totaled $176.5 million, or $0.46 per share, which was in line with our expectations. These results exclude after-tax purchase amortization of $42 million, and $41 million in after-tax merger integration and recapitalization costs.  The Deferred Revenue Adjustment was $3 million after tax in the Second Quarter. Average Shares Outstanding increased $384.6 million in the Second Quarter.  As shown on Slide 10, Adjusted Pre-Cash Flow totaled $108 million in the second quarter. As discussed on last quarter’s call, Second Quarter Cash Flow was impacted by the timing of Federal Tax Payment.  Capital Expenditures, which included $12 million of Integration Capital, totalled $76 million in the quarter compared to $79 in the Second Quarter of ’09. Page 12 is the summary of our debt after the refinancing activities. As Frank shared, we completed the refinancing on Friday of last week. This includes amending and extending our existing bank loan and revolver. We also raised more than $550 million of additional bank debt. We raised $1.5 billion in Term-Loan B and $1.1 billion in Senior-Unsecured Notes.  With the proceeds, we paid off the Metavante term loan and we used $2.5 billion for share repurchase. The cost of our $5.6 billion of debt using the current rate is approximately 5%. The number of shares we anticipate to repurchase will be between 81 million and 86 million using the $29.00-to-$31.00 range of the Modified Dutch Auction Tender. Although I will not provide 2011 guidance until the end of the year, you should note, as we have indicated in the past, that our Cost of Debt in 2010 prior to recapitalization was an anomaly in that 2011 would have been a rate similar to our current refinanced rate.  Now, I’ll provide a few comments regarding outlook for the remainder of the year. We continue to be cautiously optimistic about 2010. As we have shared in our past on our calls, the ramp up in revenue and earnings in the second half is higher than the first half.  The tailwinds we have heading into the second half are; number one, strong sales in the Fourth Quarter of 2009 and First Quarter of 2010, particularly in FSG; second, strong payment transaction growth; third, strong special services and improved software sales; and fourth, lower consolidation impact in 2010.  Headwinds we face include the Bradesco conversion delay, the pace of the economic recovery, and the uncertainty about bank spending as a result of the Financial Reform Bill.  That being said, we continue to expect Revenue Growth and EBITDA Margins to be in the range we shared at the start of the year; constant currency growth at 1.3%, and EBITDA Margin Expansion greater than 300 basis points.  As indicated on Slide 14, we are now contemplating a currency benefit of $15 million for the full year compared to a $60 million per our original guidance. This is due to the continued weakening of the Euro and British Pound against the Dollar.  This implies a second-half headwind predominately in the fourth quarter due to the currency exchange.  We expect to generate approximately $700 million in pre-cash flow, which includes the impact of our higher interest cost due to the recap. The recap should be $0.01 to $0.02 creation in 2010, predominately in the fourth quarter and will have a meaningful impact in 2011.  At this time, we continue to anticipate a full-year tax rate of 36% as previously guided with the expectation that the tax legislation, including the Irony Credit will be extended retroactive prior to the end of the year. We are assuming a 37% tax rate for Q3.  Average Shares Outstanding show approximately 350 million for the year compared to our previous guidance of 378 million after the recap was taken into account.  We’d like to leave you with the following takeaways from today’s call. First, we are pleased with the First-Half Operating Results which were in line with our expectations. Similar to prior years, the ramp will be steeper in the second half and skewed towards the fourth quarter. We are cautiously optimistic about the remainder of the year, but like all companies, continue to look for signs of a sustainable recovery.  Second, execution on the integration of our merger with Metavante continues on schedule with Second Quarter Synergy Team on plan.  Third, we are pleased with the significant progress made on the Brazil Joint Venture and are excited about the prospect of converting Banco Bradesco’s remaining cards prior to the end of the year.  Fourth, as Gary mentioned, we are focused on helping our clients navigate the changing regulatory landscape, but at this time, do not expect recent changes to have a significant-direct impact on our business in 2010. We will continue to monitor any changes in bank spending due to the Financial Reform Act.  And last, but not least, the Recapitalization and Share Repurchase Plan which we expect to complete in the week of August 9th, should generate $0.01 to $0.02 creation in 2010 and meaning creation in 2011.  This concludes our prepared comments. Thank you for joining us this afternoon. And Operator, you may open the call for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co. :  Thank you. Good afternoon, and congratulations on the results. I was wondering if you could just sort of give us a little bit more color on sort of this spending background on what you’re seeing from the bank market. The commentary definitely seems much more positive than six months or so ago. We don’t really see it yet in the revenue results, is that just the function of conversion cycles? The core business seems like you’re winning a lot of takeaway deals – just some more color regarding sales activities and the commentary regarding those software and professional services increasing in the quarter. 
Gary Norcross:  Yeah, Glenn, this is Gary. We are seeing an increase in spending in the financial marketplace, both not only domestically, but internationally. We’ve got a very full pipeline, we continue, as you highlighted, to find a number of significant takeaways. Our systems do take a number of months to come online. Once you sign the deal, you can model anywhere from, typically on average, 12 months for the revenue to start really flowing through our systems as we go through conversions of these systems and implementations of these systems. 
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co. : Are we close to a point where you think 2011 could be closer to sort of a normal-organic revenue growth environment, or is that too optimistic? 
Mike Hayford:  This is Mike. I think we’ll talk at the end of the year. You know, we’d certainly like to get through 2010. We’d like to see how the economy keeps recovering. We talk about stronger transaction buy-ins, we continue to see that in the Second Quarter. We’d like to see it in the Third and Forth Quarter. We’d like to see, you know, Gary talked about the sales build up and that gives us some highlights into 2011. But we’ll hold off until the end of the year and then we’ll give you our expectations for ’11.
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co. :  And then just finally, on the Bradesco, is there anyway to just sort of contrast at a high level what the relationship may look like going forward relative to what it was before, or your assumption before? 
Gary Norcross:  Well, as we mentioned, we had signed a term sheet and going into the process of negotiating tentative agreements. We will maintain 51% ownership in the joint venture so the joint venture will stay intact, and we will be processing Bradesco’s card volumes through that joint venture. 
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co. : Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead. 
David Koning – Robert W. Baird & Co. : Yeah, hey, guys, good job. First of all, Q3 is a very easy comp in both the Payment and Financial Solution Businesses. Should we expect Q3 to the peak of growth just given how easy the comp is I guess compared to last year? 
Mike Hayford: Hi David. I know it’s a little bit easier comp than Q2 was. You know, we’d expect to see, you know, sequential growth quarter to quarter, and then obviously we’ve got a big ramp up in the fourth quarter. I don’t know if for a model purpose if whether you’d see that as peak. You know, if you look at the plan the way we built it, we’re still looking at a pretty solid fourth quarter. I don’t know if Third or Fourth will be the peak to tell you the truth. 
David Koning – Robert W. Baird & Co. :  Okay, and then secondly, the Payments Business, the growth was very good excluding the check business. I’m just wondering how big in terms of the revenue are all the verification items and all the check business combined? 
Mike Hayford: In some of our decks that we have out there, we kind of show you the magnitude on the high chart. You know, but I think it’s less than 10 percent of our overall revenue stream if you look at it that way. 
David Koning – Robert W. Baird & Co. :  Okay. And getting smaller, I would imagine, obviously. 
Mike Hayford :  Yeah.
David Koning – Robert W. Baird & Co. : And I guess just the last thing, you know, you mention $0.01 to $0.02 from the repurchase in Q4, is it fair just to multiple that by four for next year, or are there some things maybe you could outline what might diverge from just doing that simple math? 
Mike Hayford:  I would not do that. I mean, you have to look at 2010, it’s the weighted-average number shares for the full year that’s going to drive the $0.01 to $0.02. You get the timing of, we raised the financing prior to buying back shares, so it’s a lot more complexity in 2010.  I think I’d have you look at how we look at it, is we look at – we would have been refinancing our debt in 2010 heading into ’11 as we’ve shared in the past because our debt would have come current in 2011. You know, matured in early 2012. So as we look at it, we look at here’s the cost of debt we would have had in 2011, which would have been similar to the rate that we ended up refinancing at. We look at the added $2.5 billion of debt that we put on less the shares that we’re buying back, and you can kind of do the math and come up with a number, but it’s definitely higher than the $0.01 to $0.02 multiplied by four. 
David Koning – Robert W. Baird & Co. :  Yeah, okay. That sounds right. That’s great. Thanks. 
Operator:  Our next question is from Brett Huff with Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead. 
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc. :  Good afternoon and congrats on a nice quarter. First question is, can you talk about the way the conversations are going in the drivers for banks buying, I think you said 39 core systems. It sounds like it’s across both small, medium and large. But what is the driver that folks are pulling the trigger on? 
Frank Martire:  This is Frank. There’s several things they look at. I’ll tell you that the most important to the, the most important is strategically and directionally, they look five years out and they say we have to be competitive. And to be competitive in the marketplace, they need products that will keep them competitive and a service level that will do that for them. So now first and foremost, they want to be competitive and they want to have products that will service their needs of their customers long term.  And then obviously, they do look at price. You have to be competitive on price. They look very much at the integration of products. The fact that we bring our core products together with our payment products, and they’re totally integrated. That’s very, very important to them. Those are some of the drivers they look at.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. And then the second question; I think last quarter you told us that about 30% of sales had been cross-sale related. Do you have a similar directional measure for this quarter?
Gary Norcross:  Yeah, Brett, this is Gary. What we continue to see very strong cross-sales between the two companies in Revenue Synergy is part of the combination coming together. As we discussed on prior calls, 75% of our sales are generated through additional products and services to existing clients. But we continue to see strong pull through between the two companies in Revenue Synergies. It’s very consistently in line with what we saw last quarter.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: And then just on the debt, in the exhibit you gave us, and thanks for that detail, it’s helpful. Is there any swap cost included in there, and have you articulated or are the agreements articulating a certain amount of debt that needs to be swapped?
Gary Norcross:  No, David, this time we didn’t include the swap cost in there. And we continue to look at how much of that debt we would fix. You know, historically, we have fix going forward, you know, try to certainly look forward 18 months to a budget cycle, and fix our interest rates. So you could expect to see us do a little of that.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: That’s what I needed. Thanks for your time.
Gary Norcross:  You’re welcome.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Ashburn Schiviker [ph] with Citi. Please go ahead.
Ashburn Schiviker – Citi:  Hey, guys. Congratulations on the quarter.
Male:  Thank you.
Ashburn Schiviker – Citi: My first question was on Bradesco and just if you could talk about the incremental impact of Banco de Brazil headed into 2011, that would be helpful.
Mike Hayford:  Why don’t we hold off on ’11. We’ll get the end of the year, and then talk about guidance for the whole business. If you remember, in 2010, we talked earlier in the year that when Santander was going away, that left approximately a $40 million revenue hole in our business zone in Brazil. And we said we anticipate with Bradesco converting, that would fill the $40 million. So Bradesco not converting obviously continues to create a $40 million negative impact to revenue in 2010.  As Gary shared, we’re working through the timing of the conversion. If we get them converted, you know, before the end of the year, we’ll pick up some of that $40 million. But as I mentioned, Brazil as a joint venture has been a negative based on where we thought we were going to be heading into the year. But even within that, we’ve always said we could still meet our guidance goals even with that $40 million hit.
Ashburn Schiviker – Citi: I guess the point I wanted to clarify was that the Banco de Brazil piece would be incremental to that $40 million?
Mike Hayford:  Negative –
Ashburn Schiviker – Citi: Well, I’m sorry, the incremental that they had on top that you talked about, the agreement that Banco Bradesco now has with Banco de Brazil, that’s what I want to talk about.
Mike Hayford:  We talked about when we add Bradesco at the end of the year, I mean, you can look at that based on what we shared. And, you know, we anticipate that would have been a $40 million revenue stream in 2010 had it converted on schedule. So, you know, assuming it converts by the end of the year, that will help us with growing in 2011. But we haven’t talked about Banco de Brazil in any of our Brazil discussions.
Ashburn Schiviker – Citi: Okay, last question on free cash flow. I might have missed it, but what was the impact of the Federal Tax payments specifically? And just to clarify, is that sort of a inter-quarter factor that should not effect full year through cash flow?
Gary Norcross:  Definitely correct. It’s a second quarter inter-quarter timing issue that we had the two payments, which happens every year. They have to come in the second quarter. All right, you know, you pay at your normal withholding, and you pay your taxes at quarter. So, you know, that’s what we expect every year to have that double hit in the second quarter. From a full-year basis, it does not change our full-year outlook for free cash flow. 
Ashburn Schiviker – Citi:  Okay, good. Thank you.
Gary Norcross:  You’re welcome.
Operator:  Our next question is from David Parker with Lazard Capital Markets
David Parker – Lazard Capital Markets:  Yes, hi. Good afternoon. Just to follow up on a previous question, you had originally stated that you had anticipated the debt cost to be around 6% to 7%. What, with the blended all-in rate for 2011 given some of these swaps coming off and also with the upfront yield costs, what are you anticipating now?
Mike Hayford:  Well, again, you know, we think approximately 5%. Again we haven’t factored in any swaps at this point, but the refinancing all in the $5.6 billion ended up right around 5%.
David Parker – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. So it’s going to be much higher with this swap cost?
Mike Hayford:  No.
David Parker – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. And then just, have you finalized the settlement with Santander yet? I believe last quarter you put $35 million into escrow, but you didn’t recognize it.
Mike Hayford:  No, we have not. When we get to it, you know, Gary talked about we’ve got a term sheet that we lead to term with Bradesco. When we get to contracting with Bradesco, that’s tied in with the Santander settlement, so we expect that again by the end of the year as well.
David Parker – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay.
Mike Hayford:  And you’re correct. We have, you know, 35 hung up on the balance. We have not booked it into revenue. It’s being held in escrow, and we do expect some additional term fees to come as part of the settlement.
David Parker – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you guys.
Operator:  Our next question is from Greg Smith with Duncan Williams.
Greg Smith – Duncan Williams Inc.:  Yeah, hi guys. How should we think about debt pay down? Should we assume that you’re going to immediately be paying down some of this debt? And if so, which component of debt would that likely be?
Mike Hayford:  I think you’ve seen it. We did this before. We did the combination of Metavante. We had some leverage and then we went and paid that down. You know, our expectations in terms of financial policy, again is that we’ll look at managing the debt. We’ve got mandatory pay down, and then to the extent that we would expect to pay some down. You know, a little bit tied into it, we find some small transactions to do here and there. But our expectation over the next two years is to pay down the debt. And, you know, we pay it down on the Term-Loan A. We probably pay off the Term-Loan B next.
Greg Smith – Duncan Williams Inc.: Okay. And then the joint venture structure with Bradesco, that seems to be a bit of a surprise. I thought last quarter you were saying they wanted to end the joint venture because they were the only partner. Now it sounds like you’re keeping it with the expectation of growing it under that structure. Is that the right interpretation?
Gary Norcross:  Yeah, no, this is Gary. That is the right interpretation. You know, this has been a complex negotiation. We’ve got a great relationship with Bradesco. And the fact of the matter, that relationship continues to get stronger, and Bradesco has continued to look at various alternatives and what made the most sense.  As we shared with you on other calls, in no situation was there ever a scenario discussed where FIS was not a part of an ongoing relationship, whether it was through a joint venture or commercial terms. And at this point and time, as we said, we’ve reached agreement to continue with the joint venture and us to continue with 51% ownership.
Greg Smith – Duncan Williams Inc.: Yeah, okay, at least it simplifies things. And then the card volumes, you’ve quantified that in the past. I was wondering if you could give any numbers or at least how did they kind of progress on a monthly basis. Seems like things may have slowed in June, but did you in fact see that?
Gary Norcross:  We won’t get into the monthly’s, but what we did see is, you know, debit continues to grow strong. Debit transactions, not the 15% growth year to year. And then credit is, we saw a little bit, you know, last quarter, Second Quarter, you know, growth over 5%. So credit is actually doing well versus well. 
Greg Smith – Duncan Williams Inc.: Okay, and then I doubt we can get this, but is there any chance you guys can come up with a bookings number, just kind of a new sales number aggregated altogether, or something like that? Any chance we can get something like that?
Mike Hayford:  Yeah, I mean we haven’t bookings there, but we do contract value. And Gary and his team tracks that very religiously. We intent people as you might expect. We manage to generate future revenue growth. But, you know, we’re not going to share those kind of numbers. It gets a little hard because of all the different businesses. The timing of when the backlog actually gets booked into revenue. You know, the duration of the different contracts. So, you know, we talk about kind of the success of sales year over year versus prior year, but we don’t share the actual backlog number of the total contract value that we’re assigning each quarter.
Greg Smith – Duncan Williams Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from Brian King with Credit Suites
Brian King – Credit Suisse:  Yeah, hi. Good afternoon. Just going back on the Bradesco deal, is there a way to think about the deal is going to look going forward compared to what originally you guys thought before discussions came about, about maybe breaking up the JV? I mean it sounds like it’s back to what the original plans were. And the only major difference here is that instead of starting this year, it will just start next year. Is that fair?
Gary Norcross:  I think that’s fair, Brian. I mean, you know, we’ll be coming with a lot more details when we sign the definitive agreements as we stated several times. We’ll get that done this year.  But all in all, I think, you know, the overall relationship will stay very consistent with where we were in the past. And Bradesco will convert their Mastercard and Visa portfolio onto the platform.
Brian King – Credit Suisse: Okay, and then is it fair to say then the international revenue growth on constant currency is probably going to be a little less than you guys expected originally as a result of this? I guess I’m curious since you reiterated guidance, where is that being made up. It looks like the financial services group has been pretty strong.
Mike Hayford:  That’s a good way to look at it again. International in 2010 has that $40 million hole that, you know, if we get Bradesco converted before the end of the year, we’ll sell a little bit of that. But that’s creating a little bit of drag in the national.  Gary talked about the deals and the success in the market we’re having. But I think that’s the way to look at it.
Brian King – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just two clarifications. Did you guys give the amount of synergies in the quarter for Metavante?
Mike Hayford:  No, we’ve had – we’ve shared as part of the outlook for the year, that Second Quarter we expected to obtain 40 million and so we talked about, you know, we met that goal. We’re not going to give actual numbers each quarter as we go through, but you know, for the full year we expect to end up the year at 212, which is incrementally 150 better than last year. So the 40 goal this quarter, you know, we’re very pleased we’re hitting our numbers, slightly exceeding every quarter.  And then at the end of the year we’ll, you know, we’ll give a recap of where we stand. 
Brian King – Credit Suisse: Okay, then just lastly, there was a $23 million term fee, I think, in a year-ago period. What segment does that show up in the results for comparison purposes? 
Gary Norcross :  That was a large outsourcing deal that a bank had got acquired so we got a large term fee, and that term fee falls where the business was that we lost. So it hit both those segments. 
Brian King – Credit Suisse:  Okay, both the segments. And then the other term fees you’re expecting to get from Santander and Bradesco, will that be in the – will that go just in the guidance for the fourth quarter, or will that be a one-time charge? How do you guys think about that? 
Gary Norcross:  I’ll share that with you. We don’t know actually how it’s going to look yet. We get the pile deal signed, what happens with the equity that was in the JV, it all goes to FIS, how this all works out. That cash is going to come to us, so we’ll get the cash. How we actually end up structuring the balance sheet – I assume we’ll work on that. But we’ll call that out for you and tell you what it is. 
Brian King – Credit Suisse:  Okay, perfect. Congratulations. 
Operator:  Our next question is form the line of Kartik Mehta with Northcoast Research. 
Kartik Mehta – Northcoast Research: Good afternoon. Frank, you talked about Professional Services doing better and I’m wondering, is this the first time that market spending is getting better or is the Professional Services at FIS is just doing better because you’re taking market share? 
Frank Martire:  I mean, there’s some rollout involved. Let me just qualify a little bit. You know, it is getting better, so that’s a qualified optimism there that we have here because there is improvement in the marketplace. We’re just open and cautiously optimistic that it continues.  So clearly getting better and it helps you when you take in core deals, right, because they’re usually associated with some amount of Professional Services. 
Mike Hayford: Yeah, when you look at the breadth, it also displaced an overall product set, and at this point in time, as we’ve all mentioned, we are starting to see banks, financial institutions starting to spend more in recent months. And as part of that, they’re looking for us to add services to our various products that they’re taking through each sale. 
Frank Martire: And all the integrations associated with it. 
Kartik Mehta – Northcoast Research :  And have you seen any attitude change from your customers or perspective customers on outsources versus in-house? Are they still more focused on outsourcing right now? 
Frank Martire:  Well, we talk about this a lot and it all goes back and forth, but the reality is much more of a movement towards outsourcing, clearly. A feeling that they want to be more outsourced, at least either all the core systems, or a particular product. 
Kartik Mehta – Northcoast Research:  And then just on the international business, would you expect margins at business sequentially to continue at least in the Third Quarter and Fourth Quarter of this year, continue to ramp up? 
Gary Norcross:  It’s probably a little lumpier than the rest of our business time, you know, the timing of some large transactions from our software deals, you know, they move and have a bigger impact. But certainly, Third and Fourth Quarter, we expect higher than the rest of the year. 
Kartik Mehta – Northcoast Research:  Thank you very much. 
Gary Norcross:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question is from the line of Jim Kissane with Bank of America. 
James Kissane – B of A/ Merrill Lynch:  Thanks. Congratulations, especially on the Bradesco deal. And just following up, I guess on Ashwin’s question, will you be processing the new ELO card for Bradesco? Is that something separate? 
Gary Norcross:  That would definitely be something separate. Obviously we’ll compete for that business and we hope we get an opportunity to win that. But that would be separate. 
James Kissane – B of A/ Merrill Lynch:  And Gary, just for clarification, I think you said the interchange is a pass through and has no impact on your profitability. But in fact, I didn’t think interchange was in your revenue at all. It was really just your customer’s revenue. 
Gary Norcross: Correct. Most of the interchange is absolutely going to our clients. We have a very, very small amount that interchange does pass through our revenue line, but it’s a very small amount. 
James Kissane – B of A/ Merrill Lynch: Okay, and I guess a question for Frank. You know, given the recap and the additional debt, does it change your appetite for growth acquisitions? 
Frank Martire:  No, we look at it and we look at what makes sense for the company, and what makes sense for our clients and for the shareholders, and the best way to grow our company to add value. So we’ll clearly continue to do that. No change. 
James Kissane – B of A/ Merrill Lynch:  What’s your sense of the environment for M&A and the core processing and payment base? 
Frank Martire:  I don’t know. We look at it, you know, it obviously as more consolidation takes place in the marketplace, there’s less and less available participant opportunities out there. 
James Kissane – B of A/ Merrill Lynch:  Okay, just to be clear, if sounds like demand, or the pipeline of demand for software and professional services is still strong and you have pretty good visibility there? 
Gary Norcross:  Absolutely, we’re seeing strength across most of our products. We’re obviously – I think we highlighted it in the last quarter call that we were a little bit surprised by how quickly FSG has rebounded. We’re seeing a lot of demand on our core processing business. We’re also seeing strong demand on outsourcing throughout the US and even in certain international markets. And then seeing nice demand on our payments business as well. 
James Kissane – B of A/ Merrill Lynch:  Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from the line of John Williams, with Goldman Sacs. 
John Williams – Goldman Sacs:  Good evening, guys. I’m in for Julio. Quickly, we just wanted to get a sense, you’d spoken a little bit earlier about the impact of Durbin and the Financial Reform generally on the business, but some people in looking at the exclusivity for debit have thought that that might present an opportunity to maybe steal some share. What’s your take on that? Do you think NICE can capture a little bit incrementally in terms of actual processing on debit? 
Gary Norcross:  No, yeah, we absolutely do think there’s some upside with our NICE network and you know, frankly, until some of this unfolds a little further it’s hard to gage all that. But we do think there’s some opportunities for outside. 
John Williams – Goldman Sacs:  Okay. A while back you had mentioned the core replacement for Citi. You haven’t really said much about that since. Is there any update that you can provide or maybe some thoughts on what’s going on with that particular deal? 
Gary Norcross:  Well, again, carried a WIN with Citi for a quarter, a core software product, it was a software sale. And you know, we were excited about it for two reasons; one is whenever you get a large name, a large organization as prestigious as Citi that you’re winning the business to, I think that’s important. So we shared that. And secondly, I think it’s an indication as we talked about over the years that for the larger institution they are starting to look at what they need to do to the core systems to renew them for the future.  So that’s why we shared that deal. It’s a software deal, a little bit special services, so while we think it’s a fairly substantial capital project for Citi, you know, it’s a small piece for us. It’s not a material number. So, you know, there’s not much more to it than we got some software sales and special services and it’s a great win for us. 
John Williams – Goldman Sacs: On other question, sort of a housekeeping thing. You had talked a while back about the refinancing of the Term-Loan B. It was about $800 million or so. Is that number – are you going to do that or is that included in the updated number that you provided in the slide deck on Page 12, that $1.5 billion for the Term Loan B? Is that sort of replacing the original? 
Gary Norcross:  The Metavante Term-Loan B that we got through the merger, and we paid that off as part of this refinancing. So the original Term-Loan B, which we had seen, which was from Metavante, that’s gone. We know have the bank debt. We’ve got the new Term-Loan B, which is $1.5 billion, and then we’ve got the bonds. 
John Williams – Goldman Sacs: Renamed differently? 
Gary Norcross:  Correct. 
John Williams – Goldman Sacs: Thanks, guys, appreciate it. 
Operator:  And our next question is from the line of Karl Keirstead with Kaufman Brothers. 
Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Brothers :  Hi. Good afternoon. I may have misheard, but could you confirm that you trimmed your free cash from the full year from $750 to $700? 
Mike Hayford: Originally $750. We know say practically $700; 100% related to the recap. So the recap, the incremental interest costs that we’ll bear between now and the end of the year is the difference. 
Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Brothers:  Okay. 100% of the $50 million difference? 
Mike Hayford: That’s right. 
Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Brothers:  Okay, and the secondly, if we could just return to the EBITDA Margin expansion story. It looks like in the first half of 2010, year over year, your adjusted EBITDA Margin is up a little over 200 basis points. So for the full year, to be up 300, you’re margin expansion story is going to have to improve in the second half. Could you just run through the two or three main levers that you’ll use to get that kind of accelerated margin expansion? Thanks. 
Mike Hayford:  Year over year, Second Quarter, 140. In the second quarter, we talked about this being a very difficult comp in Second Quarter of last year. You know, and the term fee that we had – one-time term fee at Metavante and also there was a legal settlement that Metavante booked. So if you take those two out, we’re actually pretty close to 300 basis points. So the operating business is close to 300 and so second half of the year, we won’t have the difficult comps. We do think that, you know, the margins are going to pop back up and we still think we’ll get the 300 mark by the end of the year. 
Karl Keirstead – Kaufman Brothers:  Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator:  And thank you. Our final question for today will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan. 
Tien Tsin Huang – JP Morgan:  Thanks so much. Just a couple questions. First I want to ask about the expanded bill-pay services. I think you said with the top four bank. I’m curious, can you elaborate? Is that a competitive takeaway on expansion of an existing deal? 
Gary Norcross: It’s an expansion of an existing deal, but taking new volumes off of a competitor. And it’s also an expansion of new products wrapped around that as well, wrapped around those bill-payment services. 
Tien Tsin Huang – JP Morgan:  Okay, got it. So handling more of the routing side of it. Understood. And then just a higher-level question, just given all the Financial Reform and the negative ROE impact for the banks, I’m curious if we look beyond 2010, do you see pricing pressure becoming more problematic here given that the banks are going to look to offset some of that pressure? 
Mike Hayford:  We obviously are going to keep watching that. The fact that some of these regulations obviously have an impact to the banks and that’s who’s writing the checks for us. While we don’t have a direct connection, obviously, we don’t get to participate in those fees that are being reduced, we are going to have to watch whether banks decide to spend less, or to spend differently. You know, the pricing pressure, I think I can probably answer that by, you know, we’re always fighting pricing. I think it’s hard to say that the banks of the future, you know, like you would expect that they are leveraging all the competitors so they can get the best price they can, they’ll do that in the future. Whether they ask us to participate and take some of that out of our pocket, I assume I think they’ll ask. I’m not sure we’ll actually see much difference in discounting based on that, but again, it’s all new. We’ll have to see how it shakes out. We’ll have to see what happens when the regs get written and the banks actually start finding different ways to generate revenue.  
Tien Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Yeah, we’ll all be watching. I appreciate that. Thank you. 
Mary Waggoner:  Thanks again everyone for joining us today. Please remain on the line for the replay information. 
Operator:  And Ladies and Gentlemen, as stated, today’s conference call is being made available for replay starting today, July 20th at 7:00 p.m. in the Eastern Time Zone. It will run for two weeks until August 3rd, 2010. You can access our service by dialing 1-800-475-6701, or outside the US, at 320-365-3844. The access code for today’s conference is 163692. Those numbers once again, 1-800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844. And again, the access code of 163692. That does then conclude our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Waggoner – Senior Vice President of Investor Relations  Frank Martire – President, Chief Executive Officer  Mike Hayford – Chief Financial Officer  Gary Norcross – Chief Operating Officer George Scanlon – Executive Vice President of Finance 
Analysts: David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Greg Smith - Duncan Williams Inc. Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse John Kraft - D. A. Davidson & Co. James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch Tien-Tsin Huang - J. P. Morgan David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Karl Keirstead - Kaufman Bros. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the FIS first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mary Waggoner. Please go ahead.
Mary Waggoner:  Thank you Shannon and thanks to everyone joining us on the line. Today’s earnings press release and supplemental Slide presentation have been posted to our website at fisglobal.com. A webcast replay of the audio portion of the call will also be available on the website later this evening.  Frank Martire, President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide an overview of first quarter results and operational highlights. Mike Hayford, Chief Financial Officer, will follow with the detailed financial report. Joining us for the Q&A portion of the discussion will be Gary Norcross, Chief Operating Officer, and George Scanlon, Executive Vice President of Finance.  Unless otherwise stated, references to revenue and EBITDA growth rates will be on a pro forma basis to include results from Metavante in all periods. Today’s comments will contain references to non-GAAP results in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attached press release.  The discussion will also contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the forward-looking statements including guidance. The presentation will begin with Slide number 4. I will now turn the call over to Frank Martire.
Frank Martire:  Thank you Mary. Good afternoon and thanks to everyone joining us on the call. We are very pleased with the strong first quarter results. Revenue growth and earnings came in better than we had expected, thanks to higher software and professional services, solid transaction growth and prudent cost management. First quarter revenue increased 3.8% to $1.3 billion, then grew 1.8% in constant currency. The EBITDA margin expanded 340 basis points to 28.8%, driven primarily by merger related cost savings and a modest improvement in revenue mix. Adjusted earnings came in at $0.41 per share, and free cash flow was strong at $241 million for the quarter. We are meeting or exceeding all the major integration milestones, and are on track to achieve our targeted cost savings of $260 million. We exceeded our expectations for $43 million in realized savings in the first quarter, and we are confident that we will achieve the targeted incremental savings of $150 million for 2010.  During the quarter we successfully consolidated a number of regional data centers into our strategic command centers in Brown Deer, Wisconsin and Little Rock, Arkansas. And we also completed the disaster recovery in-sourcing project as scheduled by April 18. We are particularly pleased with the progress we have made in integrating our sales teams and executing our unified, go to market strategy. This strong performance demonstrates our ability to integrate and successfully manage all aspects of our business. While we have a full agenda in 2010, our employees are doing a great job staying focused on serving our clients and driving operational excellence. We continue to see evidence of increased confidence among our clients regarding the outlook for bank spending. Sales were strong in the first quarter, particularly for new core processing clients, and the community of banking in mid tier space, such as Cardinal Bank; First Federal Bank of the Midwest; and Boiling Springs Savings Bank of New Jersey. Our success is being driven by the added value that we deliver to our clients including superior feature functionality, product breadth and a reputation for strong client engagement, all of which help our clients improve customer retention rates and compete more effectively. We continue to expand client relationships in the large and regional bank space, including two Top 100 banks that have chosen FIS as their new core processing partner. Also, we announced this morning Cole Taylor Bank, a $4 billion bank based in Chicago, has selected the IVS core processing platform in addition to our e-banking and bill payment solutions.  These examples clearly demonstrate the excellent job that our sales team is doing to identify and close new opportunities. We look forward to sharing more success stories with you in the future. We are also excited about the revenue synergies we have obtained as a result of the combination. Approximately 30% of our new contract done in the quarter was generated by merger related cross sales. The resulting wins span multiple product offerings and include Touchpoint, NICE Network Services, loan origination software, business e-banking and bill payment. I’d like to highlight a couple more of the cross sale wins we were able to attain from the top 50 banks. The first is a long-term systematic user will convert to our bill payment platform in 2011. The second will implement a component of Touchpoint across its bridge network over the next 18 months. On the international front, we remain enthusiastic about our new growth opportunities as we continue to leverage our product capabilities across the globe. As an example, we will begin providing prepaid card processing services for a large client in the Asia-Pacific region in the near future. And we are planning to further extend our product capabilities outside the U.S., including debit processing and non client basing back office support. As a part of our ongoing effort to better serve our growing global client base, we recently established a new service center in the Philippines. This new facility further expands our capacity to provide back office and technology services to meet growing client demand. We expect to eventually house more than 1,000 people at this new location. Turning to Brazil, I am pleased to report that in early April we began processing an additional 2 million cards for Banco Bradesco. These cards are managed to a Visa Vale, which is another one of our commercial clients. We expect to convert an additional 3 million cards for Visa Vale by the end of the second quarter. Now I will provide an update on the joint venture. We received a partial payment from Banco Santander towards the settlement of its exit from the joint venture in January. The remaining payment will be made once all the details have been finalized. We continue to work closely with Banco Bradesco regarding the conversion of its remaining card portfolio. Importantly, all of the scenarios being discussed include FIS continuing as Bradesco’s card technology provider, and we fully expect to maintain our long-term relationship with the Bank. As we previously communicated, revenue will be impacted since the conversion did not occur in the first quarter as expected. However, we still anticipate full year revenue and earnings to fall within our guided range. Although we are not in a position to provide more specific details at this time, I want to assure you that Banco Bradesco and FIS are working diligently towards a resolution. We remain enthusiastic about the growth potential in Brazil and for our international business overall. To summarize the quarter, we’re off to a great start in 2010 and we are very pleased with our progress in executing on our overall plan. Most importantly, our management team and employees around the globe are doing an excellent job maintaining focus on our existing clients and also on developing new client relationships. Now I’ll turn the call over to Mike, who will cover the first quarter results. Mike?
Mike Hayford:  Thanks Frank. And as Mary stated earlier, my comments regarding year-over-year growth will be based on a pro forma basis to include Metavante results in the prior year. I’ll begin with Slide 5. As Frank mentioned, first quarter revenue and earnings came in better than we had anticipated. Adjusted revenue increased 3.8% to $1.26 billion compared to $1.21 billion in the prior year, an increase of 1.8% in constant currency. Higher software sales, professional services, combined with solid transaction growth contributed to strong first quarter results. Adjusted EBITDA increased 17.6%, driven primarily by the realization of targeted synergies. EBITDA margin expanded 340 basis points to 28.8% in the first quarter of 2010 compared to 25.4% in the first quarter of 2009 as we experienced strong year-over-year improvement in FAC and PSE segments, including a favorable revenue mix in addition to the synergies.  On Slide 6, the Financial Solutions segment revenue increased 3.2% to $444 million in the first quarter of 2010 compared to $430 million in the first quarter of 2009. The growth was driven by higher software and professional services revenue. Financial Solutions EBITDA increased 13.9% to $189 million and the EBITDA margin increased 390 basis points to 41.8%. This was driven primarily by synergy benefits and the favorable revenue mix. We are not expecting a similar margin expansion year-over-year in the second quarter due to difficult comparisons from 2009. As shown on Slide 7, Payment Solutions revenue totaled $619 million, which is a 1% increase compared to prior year. If you exclude our paper based check businesses, Payments revenue would have increased 4.2%. The improving transaction trends that we experienced in the fourth quarter of ’09 continued throughout the first quarter of 2010. Debit transactions increased 15.2% compared to the first quarter of 2009, and increased 11% on an organic basis. Credit transactions increased 3.4% compared to prior year. These favorable trends combine the strong growth in our Government and Healthcare business, offset a 10% decline in the paper based item processing and retail check. These paper based check businesses, which generate approximately $120 million in revenue in the first quarter of 2010, will continue to negatively impact our payments growth rate by about 2% to 3% due to the secular decline in check usage. Payment Solutions EBITDA increased 11.1% to $230 million, and the margin improved 340 basis points to 37.1% compared to 33.7% in Q1 of ’09. Realized cost savings and a more favorable revenue mix and improved profitability within retail check drove the strong margin expansion. As with FSG, we expect less robust margin expansion in PSG in the second quarter due to the prior year comparisons. On Slide 8, international revenue increased 14.9% on a reported basis and 0.6% in constant currency. As expected, the international growth rate was impacted by the loss of processing revenue for Santander in late January and the delay in converting Bradesco’s remaining card portfolio in the first quarter.  Software sales declined relative to the first quarter ’09 due to the timing. International EBITDA increased 5% compared to prior year and decreased 2.9% on a constant currency basis. The reported EBITDA margin declined 150 basis points to 16.2% compared to 17.7% in the first quarter 2009, due primarily to currency and lower license revenue. As is typical for the international segment, we expect the international margin to ramp sequentially throughout 2010 and expect the full year margin to be in the low 20s. Now turn to Slide 9 for a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings. These results exclude after tax purchase amortization of $41 million, $13 million in merger related costs and $6 million related to the deferred revenue adjustment. First quarter adjusted net earnings totaled $154 million or $0.41 per share. The improved operating performance and more favorable product mix offset a higher tax rate and higher share count. As shown on Slide 10, adjusted free cash flow totaled $241 million in the first quarter, driven by strong growth in earnings, higher account receivable collection and lower capital expenditures. CapEx totaled $58 million or 4.6% of revenue in the first quarter of 2010 compared to $71 million in the first quarter of 2009. We expect full year CapEx, including integration capital, to be between 5% and 6% of total revenues. Also, second quarter free cash flow is expected to be below first quarter due to the timing of our federal tax payments. As indicated on Exhibit C of the press release schedules, our use of cash in the first quarter included reduction in debt outstanding and the payment of shareholder dividends. In addition we repurchased 1.4 million shares at an average cost of $22.97 per share. In late March, we completed the purchase of a merchant portfolio that we had previously processed on an agent basis. Other cash inflow during the quarter included proceeds from the sale of our [Clear Power] business and a $35 million partial settlement from Santander as Frank had referenced earlier in the call.  Now for a few comments regarding our outlook for the remainder of 2010. First, we are encouraged by the recent activity in Brazil. April 10 Visa Vale converted to Bradesco a portion of its portfolio to the FIS platform as Frank had reported. This past week it was announced that Banco Bradesco will be acquiring Santander’s portfolio of Visa Vale. And then just today, Banco Bradesco and Banco Brasil have announced the signing of a MLU to partially integrate their card operations and launch a new card brand in Brazil. While we still have work to do to formalize the go forward position in Brazil, we view these actions to be positive for FIS. Second, we continue to be pleased with our sales success in the market. This is the second quarter of good sales following the solid results in the fourth quarter of 2009. Just a reminder that these sales typically take six to nine months to translate to revenue, as the conversion process starts when the contract is signed. And as a reminder, we will face difficult comparisons in the second quarter due primarily to a $23 million buyout that was recorded in the second quarter of 2009 at Metavante. That being said, we expect second quarter revenue to be in the low single digits with a margin expansion of approximately 100 basis points. And third, due to the strengthening of the dollar against the euro and the British pound, we now expect a reduced currency benefit of approximately $30 million compared to our December guidance of $60 million for the full year 2010. Assuming exchange rates remain at the current level, reported revenue will likely come in closer to the low end of our recorded guidance range of 2% to 4% growth, with minimal impact on earnings per share. We have included a Slide in the appendix that provides additional information regarding foreign currency exposure together with our original and updated foreign exchange assumptions.  Our full year outlook remains the same at 1% to 3% revenue growth on a constant currency basis, and earnings of $1.91 to $2.01 per share. Operator that concludes our prepared comments.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: First of all, you mentioned segment margins won’t go up quite as much year-over-year in the second quarter, given a little tougher comparisons, but is it fair to say that given seasonality and just the cost savings that continue to ramp, that sequentially all margins should be up pretty nicely in all the segments?
Mike Hayford: Well again, yes, year-over-year the comparison’s going to drop a little bit, but we would expect with the synergies coming on board that we would continue to see margins hold steady. And then, I think as we’ve talked about it in the past, third and fourth quarter we’re expecting a little bit stronger than the first half of the year.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  And then secondly, you mentioned free cash flow not being quite as strong in the second quarter, Q1 it sounds like some accounts receivable collections and a little lower CapEx helped, but is it fair to say that given such a strong start to the year that $750, I know you said greater than $750 is your full year guidance but I mean it seems like it could be quite a bit better than that. 
Mike Hayford: Yes, David, I don’t know if I’d go there yet. I think first quarter we did a pretty good job of pulling in AR. That helped the working capital. And then we had positive timing in terms of payment of incentives year-over-year, and then again second quarter is going to be a drop just because of tax payments. So I think after second quarter we’ll have a little bit more clarity. The first and second quarter have a little lumpiness this year.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  And then finally, just in the first quarter you mentioned a payment from Santander. Was that in revenue and maybe you can give us the amount of revenue in January from that?
Mike Hayford: No. We received a partial payment and as you know we haven’t fully resolved the joint venture down in Brazil with Santander and Banco Bradesco, so it’s held up, it’s in cash, but it’s held in escrow until we resolve and get signature. And then we would figure out, what does that mean? Does it come in as a gain? We have to say we have a lot of the balance sheet down as a joint venture, so we would have to based on the settlement determine the accounting at that point. But it is not in first quarter revenue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co.: I guess the first question I just wanted to drill down on the international margin trends in the quarter. It was a little bit worse than what I was thinking, but maybe it was in line with your expectations. I don’t know how it sort of came in, but just a little bit of color on how you sort of saw the international margins and what’s going to sort of drive the sequential improvement going forward.
Mike Hayford: Well, again we talked a little bit, we had strong margins fourth quarter, and they dropped off in first quarter. You know a lot of that is due to timing. We had a lot of software and professional services cleared in the fourth quarter, which as I think we talked about last call was a really good quarter for us. The currency’s not providing as much lift as we had expected just because of the strengthening of the dollar, but beyond that I’d just look at timing. International has a little bit more timing impact because of a softer professional services. And so I don’t think we would have any concern for the first quarter. It’s probably lower than we would have liked to see, but we expect that to bounce back going forward.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co.:  And then, I don’t know what kind of color you can give us but it sounds like Bradesco, you know there’s a lot of things going on in the Memorandum of Understanding this morning that was announced and you know it sounds like you’ve converted or some part of the portfolio or a new portfolio and another one to come going forward. Could you just give us a little more color on sort of what’s happening with Bradesco? Maybe some sense for the timing, when you’ll get resolution on the JV and just some more overall commentary on your relationship with Bradesco, because I know it’s of concern to a lot of folks.
Gary Norcross:  We continue to have very positive conversations with Bradesco as we move forward. The portfolio that was converted was part of one of our commercial clients, CBSS, also known as Visa Vale. And we converted that portfolio in early April, which we saw as a good sign. The announcement that you saw today where Bradesco and Banco do Brasil are pulling together under CLO and launching possibly a private brand in Brazil, and then further bringing in possibly CBSS and that overall combination we all view as very positive steps. As I said, we continue to have ongoing conversations with Bradesco in every situation. As Frank mentioned FIS is a part of the arrangement, whether they use our software or whether they stay part of the joint venture. We still have to work through those details, but we continue to have very positive conversations.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co.:  So you’re feeling good overall about the relationship?
Gary Norcross:  I think we’re optimistic with what’s going on in Brazil. We like the strategy that Bradesco is pulling together with their overall payments initiatives in the country. You know the payments continue to grow in Brazil with 20% per year or so. We’re optimistic that we’ll have a favorable outcome.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co.:  And just quickly, could you remind us how much of a drag the Santander de-conversion was in the quarter?
Mike Hayford: Yes. Its $40 million a year, so you know Santander de-converted the end of January, so $10 million a quarter. Bradesco as we had originally planned to not come on board, so you could assume it’s a portion of that $10 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Smith - Duncan Williams Inc.
Greg Smith - Duncan Williams Inc.: Just hoping to get some comments on the interest expense. It seems like most of the swaps have now been re-done, but can we still expect a bit of a sequential decline in the interest expense in 2Q?
Mike Hayford: Yes, I think we have provided a little bit of that color but yes, I think we have one more swap that unwinds second Q and then I think we’ll flatten out third and fourth Q. But we’ll continue to give you a little bit of headlights into that.
Greg Smith - Duncan Williams Inc.:  So there still is some benefit to come?
Mike Hayford: I think you guys have that date. We can get that to you, the last swap coming off.
George Scanlon:  I think the swaps have been detailed in the 10-K and we had one expire for $850 million April 11. And so you’re going to see a reduction in interest expense the balance of the year.
Greg Smith - Duncan Williams Inc.:  And then the internal revenue growth in the quarter, should we just take 1.8% the currency adjusted number? Is that essentially what you’re using as the internal revenue growth for the quarter?
Mike Hayford:
 : Yes, for organic revenue I would continue to use constant currency. It’s just a little cleaner and you know we’ll keep you updated on our assumptions on foreign exchange. But the 1.8 for the first quarter is what we experienced.
Greg Smith - Duncan Williams Inc.:  And then on the sort of legacy Metavante side, you guys had a pretty decent tax related payment processing business. Any comments on that? And can you remind me, does the majority of the revenues in that business come in 1Q or 2Q?
Mike Hayford: It’s a little of both. There’s a business that provides prepaid debit cards on tax refunds in the first quarter, and then the other business we have is to provide facilitated electronic tax payments for the IRS, and some municipalities and some states which is somewhat in the first quarter and then it’s pretty heavy in the second quarter. So it actually hits first and second quarter.  
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: Are you guys still actively looking at selling the majority of your check business?
Mike Hayford:
 : No. We concluded that we could not adequately get a return on that and we feel we can operate it and get a good margin. We also believe there’s some technology that we can leverage, such as analytics and project caption across the rest of our payments business. We pulled that back inhouse and are operating it.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  Is there opportunities for incremental cost synergies as a result of doing that that maybe weren’t articulated in the Metavante merger?
Mike Hayford:  I’d look at it as it had been on the blocks for a period of time and now we’re trying to make sure that the volumes, because the volumes are going to go down if there’s a secular decline in checks. We have to make sure we stay ahead of it to keep the margins, but I wouldn’t assume there’s more synergies.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  Is that like a margin that is pretty decent because that’s just a function of the guaranteed portion of the business that’s increasing as a result of the kind of dislocation that we see in the market?
Mike Hayford: Right.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  And then the cost synergies, I think Frank had said you exceeded $43 million estimate. Would you mind telling us what the number was in the quarter or?
Mike Hayford: No, I mean we had talked about $43. We exceeded it. You know we’re on track for the year. We’ve talked about the full year, we expect to end right around $212, so that’s incrementally $150 million. So we’re on track for that. We’re pleased with the start. The synergies are going to move around quarter-to-quarter, so as long as we stay on track I don’t think we want to get too precise there with you.
Frank Martire: And Dan, we’re confident where we’re at at this point in time as we look forward.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  Now the other thing you mentioned was 30%, and I missed the actual color but it sounded like something about 30% of growth in sales came from cross sales this quarter. Or was that? I just missed what you said.
Frank Martire: It was cross sales related to the combination. Gary can probably speak to that.
Gary Norcross:  Yes, Dan, that is what we’re trying to. A lot of people have focused on the Metavante combination from an expense take out standpoint. We wanted to highlight that we’re also seeing some revenue synergies out of the combination, so 30% of our sales in Q1 actually came from former Metavante products being sold into FIS clients, or former FIS products being sold into Metavante clients. So you know we really see that as a good sign. We’ve pulled our sales forces together and we feel we’re executing very well and I think Q1 was a good example of that.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  The CBSS deal with Visa Vale, was that something you guys had been working on for some time or is this something that kind of creeped up as a result of this discussion around the JV?
Gary Norcross:  No, we have an ongoing commercial business in Brazil. You know the joint venture has commercial customers. CBSS is a very large one of those. They were owned by Banco do Bradesco, Banco Santander and Banco do Brasil. As you saw the announcement, Santander is now coming out of Visa Vale. But this was a commercial arms length arrangement we have through the joint venture from our processing arm, and we’re just through the natural course converting the cards onto our system. And so Banco Bradesco did convert in early April.
Mike Hayford: And that was a planned activity.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  And then you said there’s another $3 million to come on. Is that next quarter or is that just in the back half of the year?
Mike Hayford: Correct. We’re actually scheduled in Q2 to bring on those additional cards.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  And then just lastly on the international front you mentioned a large institution was going to launch prepaid in Asia. Is that something also that’s scheduled for second quarter or should we wait for kind of second half to get more details around that?
Frank Martire: Yes, I think you should look more towards the second half of this year as they come on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: One of the questions I was trying to get a handle on, you talked about the sales momentum and I wanted to understand was there a particular geography? I think you said core sales was upside to kind of what you were expecting, or it was accelerating. Was there an equivalent geography focus or was it widely spread?
Gary Norcross:  When you look at our success we had in FSG in the quarter, Brad, it was really across all of our major segments, especially in the U.S. markets. We saw strong wins in our community markets as Frank referenced. We saw some significant wins in the Top 100. So we saw good wins across the board. We also saw a number of key wins in our international market, so overall we had a very good quarter with regards to SFG sales.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.:  On the international, can you give us an idea of what the growth was, X any of the one time Santander stuff or what I kind of look at as one time? Can you give us sort of an underlying growth picture?
Frank Martire: Well, as we mentioned, the Santander partial payment of the settlement is not in the revenue numbers. We’re holding that in escrow until we fully negotiate that termination agreement or that agreement.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.:  The last question I had was in terms of CapEx it sounds like you’re still expecting CapEx to be relatively near where you guys were before. Is this just a timing question or were there particular investments that just got pushed or kind of what was the reason for the seasonality of CapEx?
Mike Hayford: I would say it was timing. You build a budget going into the year and then you try to manage to it, and we just didn’t spend the CapEx as fast in the first part of the year as we will throughout the whole year. So I’d put it in timing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research: One of the things that you said gave you upside this quarter was software sales and I’m wondering that was one of the first things we saw decline as the economy went kind of south. I’m wondering if the increase in software sales is the result of the market getting better or you’re just executing better and as a result taking market share.
Frank Martire: No, I think it’s an improvement. I would say the market improvement helps us and it helps everybody, okay? But the reality is we’re getting the software sales but we’re also getting the outsource sales at the same time. So I think it’s a general improvement. And as Gary talked about, the core processing, the FSG sales has been really good for us. So we get an uptick there in the first quarter that we’re very pleased about. But both on the outsource and the software sales side.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research:  And then when you look at your regional bank and community bank customers, how much worry do you think they have about their commercial real estate portfolio? Is it enough of a worry that it’s causing them pause or are they starting to feel better about the economy and it’s not as much of a concern?
Frank Martire: You know I think you have to ask them the reality. I think they feel more comfortable in their position today than they clearly did a year ago, but it’s on an individual basis. But clearly there’s more confidence growing as each quarter goes on.
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research:  Frank, just on that, do you think any difference in geographic demand as you look at your customers?
Frank Martire: Absolutely not. No. It’s across the country and it’s across all the regions globally.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: I just want to follow up on the software and professional services increase. Can you guys quantify that, how much the increase was?
Mike Hayford: Software we think a little north of 20 and professional services was slightly south of 20, so right on 20%.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  And do you guys expect that to continue to strengthen in 2Q?
Mike Hayford: Software is a little bit timing, right? So it’s a little bit hard to predict the software. Typically first quarter is not a super strong quarter, so I think we had a pretty easy comp last year. It typically builds throughout the year, fourth quarter was strong for us in software. Professional services you would expect to get continuity, so I think we would expect professional services to continue. I think to the general tone that Frank spoke to, we’re pleased to see that we’ve seen a couple of quarters now of buying and that there’s a little bit more confidence in our customer base to buy. But we continue to monitor that, and again software I don’t think we’d map out a trend yet until we see it really snap back.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  The overall Financial Solutions revenue increased 3.2%. That was a little bit better than we had expected. Should we continue to see that kind of strength in that segment?
Mike Hayford: I’d say year-over-year second quarter we’re not expecting that simply because of the comparison to last year. You know we were pleased with the growth. I think we’re still looking at third and fourth quarters as we bring on the sales, how fast we can get them converted and turn them into revenue. So we’ll continue to watch that and see if we can keep that trend going, but that’s a good start to the year for us.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  Two more questions, one on just the international segment. I think you guys were expecting that to be constant currency mid to high single digits. Should we still expect that for the year?
Mike Hayford: Yes, you know again that was our expectation. We still think we can get there. We’ve talked about the Santander hole, with Santander going away and Bradesco not converting so it’s a $40 million hole. We still think we can get that growth out of there and then depending on what happens with Brazil, you know we’ve got the Visa Vale business coming on. So I think we’re still very optimistic long-term on the international front.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  Then finally, just on 2Q guidance I think you said low single digit revenue, about 100 basis points in margin expansion. Do you have an EPS range that you could help us with?
Mike Hayford: I think if you kind of look at the two of those you can kind of get to where we’re at, but I don’t want to get in the habit of Q to Q EPS guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Kraft - D. A. Davidson & Co.
John Kraft - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Just a few clarifications left. Mike, regarding the debit transaction, I’m looking last quarter Q4. You said it was up 13%. Is that comparable to the 15% you saw this quarter or the 11%? Are we seeing acceleration or are we seeing it slip again?
Mike Hayford: We’re seeing it pick up.
John Kraft - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  Going back to the conference call you had when first announced the Metavante acquisition, I think at one point you thought you could get as high as 70% cross sale growth from the Metavante acquisition. Is that still achievable?
Mike Hayford: We would say I think both companies were seeing strong cross sale as a total percent of sales, so I think FIS was 70, 75% I think and at Metavante we were in that same area of 60, 70%. So cross selling into an existing customer is always a better place to get new sales than going greenfield. So I think that’s what the 70 refers to. We talked specifically about firming up our long-term revenue growth guidance by 2 percentage points. So we had said long-term expect growth to be 6 to 9%. And rather than raising that 8 to 11, we said we’re going to stay at 6 to 9 and we think that cross sale lift of the two companies coming together will add and fill in in those ranges. And we estimated 2 percentage points a year.
John Kraft - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  Is that 30% that was seen this quarter, I mean that’s just part of the way towards what you think you can get to.
Mike Hayford: Well, the 30% is specific to synergies where we’re selling a product into the other company’s base. So the cross sale total is much, much higher than that as we sell products across the board.
Frank Martire: Yes, three out of four of our sales or 75% of our sales come from cross sales or add on products into existing clients. What we were highlighting is the fact that we are seeing some now revenue synergies out of the combination, where we’re taking products that the other company did not have and selling those products into their client base. So that’s a real positive trend that we’re seeing and that we saw in Q1.
John Kraft - D. A. Davidson & Co.: And then just lastly on the Citi contract, could you give us an update on the timing of the implementation, the status there?
Mike Hayford: Again, Citi was a transaction. Citi is an inhouse customer. It’s a nice deal, because Citi is obviously a big name. But it’s not a number that’s going to move us. So we’re helping them. They’re starting the project already. We’re helping get it ready, but you’re not going to see anything move the needle in terms of our quarterly results.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Mike, could you break out what the software contribution was in the quarter? I think you had told Bryan it was up 20%, but maybe could you size the contribution?
Mike Hayford: Just a second.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch:  And then since you’re looking, I think Mike you also sized the check business in your comments. Can you size the check and item crossing business combined?
Mike Hayford: That was the combined, that $120 was the combined with the paper based business. And we just gave you a little clarity there because that isn’t a secular decline. Obviously check is going down. 
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch:  What’s the rate of decline there? Is that consistent?
Mike Hayford: We think 8 to 10% a year checks are going.
Frank Martire: Yes, that does have some kind of regional impact, but pretty traditional. You can model around 8 to 10% of decline.
Mike Hayford: So software year-over-year increase of $5 million.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch:  And then any termination fees in the quarter material at all?
Mike Hayford: No, not really. Again that’s why we called it out last year. We had a very significant one of $23 and so this year we just didn’t have anything material to compare.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch:  And just as the FDIC goes in and takes over banks, how are you guys faring relative to the competition?
Mike Hayford: Well as the smaller ones roll up into the middle ones, we have a stronger position we think maybe in the middle mid tier banks, so on top of the other banks up to the very large top 30 banks. And so we pick up more of those accounts from those transactions. I think as we’ve described in the past, if you lose a name, if you lose a customer and even if another customer picks up the account you still come out negative on the revenue. So I think we’ve picked up our share of the accounts and transactions, but this just the general closures are a challenge to all of us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang - J. P. Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J. P. Morgan: I want to ask about the constant currency revenue growth, negative 1.8 this quarter. If I recall you got it to about flat revenue growth from a guidance standpoint this quarter. What’s the delta there? It sounds like software and professional services were some of it. What was the rest of the delta?
Mike Hayford: As we said, we came in a little bit higher than we expected. We had a softer professional services. We had the transaction side and the payment side came in strong as we discussed. So quite literally across the board, PFC, FIC, international wasn’t quite as strong as the other two but we came in higher than we had anticipated.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J. P. Morgan:  And then keeping the full year guidance the same despite the Q1 beat, is that conservatism or are you expecting some weakness in some of the other businesses going forward?
Mike Hayford: No, you know we’ve got a 1 to 3% range out there. We had a little stronger first quarter start. When we talk about the second quarter it can be a little more challenging year-over-year. We’ve talked about Brazil and the headwinds that causes against our plan. So I think we’re trying to give you a realistic expectation as opposed to being either conservative or aggressive.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J. P. Morgan:  Bank spending overall, I mean it sounds like software is coming through. I’m curious, based on your conversations with the banks do you think bank spending has picked up a little bit relative to what you were communicating maybe a quarter ago?
Mike Hayford: Well again, we’ve seen two good quarters of sales. I think we’ve repeatedly said the confidence in the banks, the confidence in the people we work with whether they’re on the technology side or whether they’re on the business side is much stronger today than it was a year ago. And we’re seeing some of that kind of come through as a trend. Again, we’d like to continue to watch and see if banks are turning back, to what level. But we’re encouraged by the last two quarters, at least where we stand today.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J. P. Morgan:  And then on the software in terms of again, do you think you’re taking some share there from a competitive standpoint? Or is it really coming from your install base?
Mike Hayford:
 : I don’t know if we’re taking share. We’re winning our share of the deals. I think we’re doing maybe a better job winning, taking share in the Top 100 banks on outsourcing deals. We seem to be signing a pretty good number. I think on the software side, we’re winning our share. It’s a little bit harder to tell if you’re taking away or not, but I think we’re pleased competitively with how we’ve been doing the last two quarters.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J. P. Morgan: Just on the Brazil side, the number of cards on your systems now, can you update us on the number of cards and maybe the mix? I believe there’s a lot of private label. I just wanted to make sure.
Frank Martire: There is quite a lot of private label on that portfolio. It’s about 25 million cards in general, 23, 25 million in general of processing in the joint venture today. About half of those are Bradesco related at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets.
David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets: Just wondering if you could address pricing in general. Have you seen any change over the last quarter or two, especially just on your renewals and with the mid size clients?
Mike Hayford: I think pricing continues to be a challenge for us. When you renew the core deals, you just have a longer tail. You know you’re going to be challenge price and Gary and his team work hard to make pricing and to up sell new product. But I don’t see that letting up at all. I think on the payment side, we continue to see a lot of pricing challenge, particularly from Visa and MasterCard out there. I think we feel pretty good about our product capability, but that’s a challenge. You don’t compete against Vista and MasterCard. We don’t see pricing pressures slowing down. It’s something we live with and we think we have the scale to compete in the market.
Frank Martire: We’re not sure it’s any worse than it was selling IA back when we expected to stay there.
Gary Norcross:  Just to build on that, you know pricing compression is part of the business. It’s our product portfolio set that allows us to offset that by to Mike’s point bringing in more products into the renewal.
David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets:  If you could address the bill payment product, just what type of growth you’re seeing with the transactions. And also just specifically the competition. We had [Nocha] that released e-bits from a pilot to a commercial product. Do you see that as competition going forward and just the rest of your competitors?
Gary Norcross: We continue to see strong growth in our bill payment channel. I think Frank referenced in the call a very nice sale in the Top 100 space of our bill payment solution. The Nocha release frankly, we’re always going to see new competitions in the payment space. We think we’ve got the scale necessary to compete and we’re rolling out new capabilities all the time as well. So we feel very good about that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: I wanted to go back to some of the questions I think Khartik was asking about, the drivers of growth and how do we think about the health of the end market that you guys are selling into? Maybe approach it a little bit differently. If you guys stepped back today and looked at that client base, what are the priorities for spending and ultimately for the services that you guys have? What are they going to come back to the table with first and say we need a new blank. Is it a core system? Is it an ATM system? Is it a mortgage system? Where are the priorities in terms of spending as you guys talk to your clients? If you could sort of segment that between the large financials and the small ones, that would be really helpful.
Gary Norcross:  I think the first thing you’ve got to do is separate between clients who are still working through economic challenges and struggling with survival, and ones who think they’ve weathered that storm and are now looking to invest in technology. So when you look at those two pockets of clients, the ones who are starting to spend and starting to look at technology improvements really across the board, whether it’s the large financial institution space as Frank mentioned, several to Top 100 wins on core processing, or even the mid tiers and smaller institutions, we are seeing quite a bit of demand on the core processing front. And I think it’s not totally surprising for us, but it is a little more demand on core processing than what we expected. So I think a number of our clients are looking to improve their foundational elements, putting in the next generation of technology to be able to take share in this market. But we also continue to see strong demand across our payment channels as well.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  And so those core wins sound like they were on the large financial side. What about on the small community bank side?
Gary Norcross:  Well, we actually had a number of them and we highlighted two in the Top 100, we highlighted Cole Taylor in the release today, which is a nice mid tier win. We had several in the mid tier. We also had several, we had a lot of competitive take always in the community marketplace as well. So I would tell you across the board, we saw some nice wins there.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  Does it feel to you like at this point, given just the dynamics of technology and what we’re seeing in terms of changes and everything from cloud computing to virtualization, etc., that it is sort of trickling all the way through and perhaps forcing guys to start thinking about if we really want to be effective going forward, we need better legs to stand on which means the core has to be kind of looked at finally, or is this still a little bit too early to start beginning to think that way?
Gary Norcross:  Well, I think to Mike’s point we have two strong quarters of sales. Obviously we want to continue to monitor it and see if these trends continue. But I do think in general financial institutions, after they’ve come through this economic crisis the ones that have come through it are taking a very hard look at their technology and wanting to improve their infrastructure and technology layer so they can compete more effectively in the market.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  And maybe just to kind of go back to the two bucket commentary, is there any way to generally put some parameters around what percentage are in the bucket still challenged versus those that have come through it? 
Gary Norcross:  There’s really not. I mean in fairness we’ve seen two strong quarters of sales, and as I said there’s a lot of speculation on how many institutions are going to be failed by the FDIC. But Frank’s point of you really need to talk to the financial institutions about that. We continue to serve all of our clients. I think we’re stacking up well against our competition and executing well on our sales channels at this point.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Karl Keirstead - Kaufman Bros.
Karl Keirstead - Kaufman Bros.: I just had a question about the bookings [inaudible]. Two quarters of apparently good news, but it doesn’t seem to be having an expected dent in your [inaudible] and have constant currency growth rate, and I’d just like to go back to the question of why. Is it that there are offsets in the second half or are you seeing any kind of change or slow down in the rate at which new sales convert to revenues? 
Frank Martire:
 : No, again I think that we need those sales. We need them in the first quarter, because again we talked about if you looked at our plan for the year, our numbers ran up in the third and fourth quarter. And so we expect that to be as I said six to nine months to bring those sales on board, to start to book revenue. We get a portion of it that we booked in to revenue if its software related and special services, but a lot of the business is a conversion process. So I think it’s going forward as we expect. We obviously have the impacts of consolidation and in this case some of the FDIC actions, and we have the impact of pricing. So as we map that together, we’re right where we want to be. We’d like to see as we’ve said sales continue for some more quarters and get a ramp built up going into next year. So Karl, I think it is reflected in our forecasting in our budget for the third and fourth quarter and so into 2011.
Mary Waggoner: Thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon. Please feel free to give us a call should you have any additional questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay beginning today at 7:00 PM Eastern running through Tuesday, May 11 at midnight Eastern Time. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback service by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 152477. International participants should dial 320-365-3844 with the access code of 152477. Once again those numbers again, participants within the United States please dial 800-475-6701, international participants 320-365-3844, both with the access code of 152477. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Waggoner – SVP IR William Foley – Executive Chairman Frank Matire – President & CEO Michael Hayford – CFO Gary Norcross – Chief Operating Officer George Scanlon – EVP Finance
Analysts: David Koning – Robert W. Baird Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.  Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co.  John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co.  Dan Perlin – RBC Capital  Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan  Greg Smith – Duncan Williams  Analyst for Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs  James Kissane – Bank of America  Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse  Analyst for Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust  
Operator: Welcome to the FIS fourth quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mary Waggoner, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for FIS. Please go ahead. 
Mary Waggoner:  Thank you and thanks to everyone for joining us on the line. Today’s earnings press release and supplemental slide presentation have been posted to our website at www.FISglobal.com. A webcast replay of the audio portion of this call will also be available on the website shortly after the call.  William Foley, Executive Chairman will open today’s discussion. President and CEO, Frank Matire will continue with an overview of the fourth quarter results and operational highlights. Michael Hayford, Chief Financial Officer will follow with the detailed financial report and will provide additional details regarding our outlook for 2010. Joining us for the Q&A portion will be Gary Norcross, Chief Operating Officer and George Scanlon, Executive Vice President of Finance.  Our fourth results include Metavante which FIS acquired on October 1, 2009. Unless otherwise stated, references on this call to revenue and EBITDA growth rates will be on a pro forma basis to include results from Metavante in all periods. On January 1, 2010 we completed the sale of the ClearPar business. ClearPar’s results will be reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. 
 :  I will turn it over to our Executive Chairman, Bill Foley. 
William Foley :  Thanks Mary. 2009 was a very successful year for FIS. In addition to delivering strong operating results in a very challenging environment we successfully completed the most significant acquisition in our company’s history.  The combination positions FIS as the global market leader with unmatched scale, product capability and market breadth. We are extremely pleased with the manner and speed of which the integration is progressing just three months after finalizing the merger. We are off to a great start and we are highly confident we will achieve our synergy targets. Importantly our management team and employees around the globe remain highly focused on serving our clients and contributing to the continued growth and long-term success of FIS.  We remain very enthusiastic about the future and our ability to drive value in the marketplace. The new FIS is stronger, more competitive and better equipped to meet the needs of a changing industry and to take advantage of the resurgence in bank technology spending as market conditions improve throughout the world.  I am also pleased to report our board of directors today approved a three-year stock repurchase program under which FIS may repurchase up to 15 million shares of its common stock. Purchases may be made from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions through January 31, 2013.  Now Frank Matire will continue with an overview of the fourth quarter results. Frank? 
Frank Matire :  Thank you Bill. Good afternoon and thanks to those of you who are joining us on the call. I will keep my remarks brief to allow plenty of time for Mike to cover the financials and also to allow time for your questions.  I would like to begin by saying how pleased I am with all that we have accomplished in the short time since bringing our two companies together. There is a strong sense of pride and enthusiasm among our employees and the response from clients has been equally positive. Overall FIS delivered solid fourth quarter results as shown on slide four. We generated more than $1.3 billion in revenue and achieved 240 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion.  Adjusted earnings came in at $0.44 per share which was at the high end of our guidance and free cash flow was strong at $237 million for the quarter. Although many banks diverted buying decisions during 2009 due to increased credit costs and capital constraints others continued to invest in new technology in anticipation of a return to growth. This is evidenced of increased sales of our core processing solutions throughout the year. While we expect the overall business environment to remain challenging in the near-term we are somewhat encouraged by improving transaction trends and the recent pace of new customer signings.  We had several noteworthy sales in the quarter and I would like to highlight a few of them. First, Citi Bank which currently runs our core banking software in 30 countries around the world has expanded its license and maintenance agreement to include its North American banking operation. You may also have seen Citi’s recent announcement regarding the launch of new electronic tax payment and bill collection services for the State of California using our Pay Direct product.  Second, the Bank of Oklahoma is upgrading its existing branch sales and service platform to TouchPoint and is also implementing our Express Integration platform. Bank of America expanded its existing TouchPoint license agreement. We signed a new, long-term agreement with First National Bank of Omaha to provide [inaudible] trust and wealth management services in a new agreement with Capital One for commercial lending services.  Sales in Europe were also strong in the fourth quarter and included several new core banking licenses for Profile, Core Bank and Express as well as expanded services to existing core and card processing clients. In addition a new client in the middle east will begin using our debit switching service in the near future. We also achieved solid sales results in our North American payments business with over 400 new signings completed in the fourth quarter.  We are optimistic about the current sales pipeline as we head into 2010. The tone and tenor of our meetings with current and prospective clients is much more upbeat relative to what it was a year ago. Many banks we have spoken with believe the worst is behind us and they are looking forward to business growth in the latter half of the year. At FIS we are more focused than ever on helping all of our clients drive greater cost efficiencies, grow revenue and improve their overall operating results.  As Bill mentioned the integration is progressing nicely and we are on track to achieve the targeted cost savings. We have committed a significant amount of time and resources to make sure we get it done properly. However the only way we win in the long run is maintaining our focus on sales and most important client satisfaction. Our employees are rising to the challenge and I am very pleased with our progress to date. We are working to optimize our strategic development efforts in 2010 by directing investment spending and new product development to businesses with the highest growth potential. At the same time, we are working to improve internal processes in order to drive additional cost efficiencies.  Next I would like to provide you with an update on the Brazilian joint venture. As expected, Banco Santander completed the deconversion of its core portfolio in late January . As indicated in our third quarter call, we will continue to provide call center and cardholder support services for the remainder of the year. In addition we recently entered into a separate agreement with the bank to continue providing other back office services in Brazil through 2013.  Turning to Banco Bradesco, when we last spoke to you at the Analyst Day in December we indicated we expected to convert the bank’s remaining cards onto our software by the end of the first quarter. However, due to the recent deconversion of Banco Santander card portfolio in January we are now working to restructure our ongoing relationship with Banco Bradesco as a commercial arrangement.  Based on these negotiations we do not expect to convert the legacy card portfolio in the first quarter as originally planned. But we do expect these cards to be converted onto our software in either a license or an outsourcing environment. We will continue to process the 12 million cards already running on our platform and we will also continue to provide all call center, cardholder support and collection services for both card bases. We will definitely and certainly provide more details as they become available.  Now I will turn the call over to Michael who will cover the fourth quarter results. Mike?
Michael Hayford :  Thanks Frank. As Frank stated my comments related to year-over-year growth will be on a pro forma basis to include Metavante results in the prior year. Looking at slide five in the supplemental deck, fourth quarter adjusted revenue increased 2.7% to $1.316 billion compared to $1.281 billion in the prior year, and increased 0.4% in constant currency. This includes an adjustment of $15 million to reflect the deferred revenue that was eliminated in purchase accounting in order to give you a comparable year-over-year number.  Revenue came in slightly higher than we anticipated and compares favorably to our strong performance in the fourth quarter of 2008. Growth in processing revenues combined with higher software equipment sales offset a decline in professional services revenue and lower termination fees. Adjusted EBITDA increased 11.5% driven primarily by the realization of targeted synergies and improved international performance. Excluding the $5.3 million favorable currency impact we achieved 10.4% growth in EBITDA.  The EBITDA margin expanded 240 basis points to 29.5% in the fourth quarter of 2009 compared to 27.1% in the fourth quarter of 2008 as we experienced strong year-over-year improvement in each of our operating segments. Prudent cost management including the merger related cost initiatives enabled us to achieve higher profitability on modest revenue growth.  If you turn to slide six I will provide additional detail on our fourth quarter segment results. Segment results are presented throughout the material on a pro forma basis as if the Metavante acquisition had been completed on January 1, 2008. The financial solutions revenue declined 1.3% to $453 million in the fourth quarter of 2009 compared to $458 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. Higher software and equipment sales coupled with increased commercial services revenue helped mitigate a $15 million or 20% decline in professional services.  Financial solutions EBITDA was comparable to prior year as cost reductions offset the decline in revenue. EBITDA margins increased 80 basis points to 43.7% compared to 42.9% in the prior-year quarter driven primarily by synergy benefits. As shown on slide seven, payment solutions revenue totaled $630 million which is a 1% decline compared to the prior year. Fourth quarter revenue was comparable to prior year excluding a termination fee.  Debit and credit transaction trends finished strong in the fourth quarter and improved sequentially throughout the year. Debit transactions increased 13.6% compared to the fourth quarter 2008 driven in part by incremental client wins, while credit transactions increased 3.6%. We also experienced improving trends in our loyalty, network solutions, government payments and bill direct product lines in the fourth quarter of 2009. Conversely our item processing and retail check businesses continue to be negatively impacted by declining check usage.  Payment solutions EBITDA increased 23% to $219 million and the margin improved 50 basis points to 34.8% compared to 34.3% in the fourth quarter 2008. Realized cost savings were offset by nonrecurring costs in the quarter and lower termination fees compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. EBITDA margin was also impacted by seasonally higher volumes in our healthcare business which carry a lower margin.  As you can see on slide eight, international generated top line growth of 24% on a reported basis and 8.4% in constant currency. Strong services revenue coupled with organic account and transaction growth across all regions drove 6.4% growth in financial solutions and 9.7% growth in payments in our international business. International EBITDA increased 90.2% compared to prior year and increased 74.3% in constant currency. EBITDA margins [ended] 960 basis points to 27.5% due to higher software sales, seasonably higher volumes and improved operating efficiencies.  We have included a slide in the appendix to provide information about our foreign currency exposure and exchange rate assumptions. Please turn to slide 9 for a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings. Note that the Metavante operations are included in the fourth quarter results while the first nine months include FIS on a pre-merger basis. All in all we are very pleased with the quarter and the strong operating performance.  Fourth quarter adjusted net earnings totaled $167 million or $0.44 per share which was on the high end of the guidance we had given to you on December 7th at Investor Day. As indicated these results exclude after-tax purchase amortization of $42 million, $82 million in merger related costs and $10 million related revenue adjustment and another $88 million in asset impairment charges. The impairment charges resulted primarily from write down of previously acquired trademarks and our global rebranding initiative.  Average shares outstanding increased to 377 million in the fourth quarter due primarily to shares issued in conjunction with the merger. The effective tax rate was 36%.  Slide 10 illustrates free cash flow which excludes merger and integration costs and payments. It was $237 million in the fourth quarter and $608 million for the year. During the quarter we received net proceeds of $18 million from the sale of the remaining receivables from our former Australian check business. Proceeds from the sale are included in cash from investing activities for the fourth quarter of 2009 and not in working capital. Uses of cash included a payment of shareholder dividend and reduction in debt outstanding.  Capital expenditures totaled $67 million in the fourth quarter and $308 million for the year which is $41 million lower than the combined CapEx in 2008. On slide 11 we had $3.3 billion in debt outstanding as of December 31, 2009. Approximately 78% of the debt is swaps at fixed rates. Net interest expense which totaled $35 million in the quarter was favorably impacted by the termination of higher cost, fixed rate swaps. The effective all in interest rate was 3.6% at quarter end including the swaps and related spreads as well as the amortization of debt issuance costs.  We have included a chart to bring more clarity to our interest expense assumptions for 2010. These assumptions are predicated on the current interest rate environment and the use of free cash flow primarily to repay debt. As illustrated on this chart we expect interest expense to decline sequentially from quarter one to quarter two as lower cost forward swaps replace existing swaps and then level off in quarter three and quarter four.  Now for a few additional comments regarding our outlook for 2010. As summarized on slide 12, we are reiterating the guidance we provided on our Analyst Day on December 7th. This guidance includes the information we shared today regarding our Brazilian card operations. We expect reported revenue growth of 2-4% and 1-3% growth in constant currency. We are projected margin expansion of more than 300 basis points for full year 2010 driven primarily by the incremental $150 million we realized in synergies.  As outlined earlier we expect to benefit from lower borrowing costs in 2010 and expect net interest expense to approximate $90-100 million for the year. We are projecting adjusted earnings per share of $1.91 to $2.01 which represents an increase of 17-23% compared to the $1.63 in 2009. Finally we expect to generate more than $750 million adjusted free cash flow which we are assuming will be used primarily to reduce outstanding debt and also to make period share repurchases.  While we do not plan to provide quarterly guidance on a regular basis we do want to assist in level setting the models as you think about the two companies on a newly combined basis. For the first quarter of 2010 we expect reported revenue to increase 1-3% in U.S. dollars and constant currency revenue to be comparable to Q1 of 2009. We expect the EBITDA margin to increased 200-250 basis points compared to the 25.4% in the first quarter of 2009. EBITDA margins are typically at their lowest point in the first quarter and increase sequentially throughout the year.  Year-over-year margin comparisons can vary from quarter-to-quarter primarily due to changes in our revenue mix. Adjusted earnings are expected to approximate $0.37 to $0.40 per diluted share in the first quarter. Looking to the remainder of the year we face difficult revenue and EBITDA comparisons in quarter two due to the $23 million in termination fees realized in the second quarter of 2009 and also in quarter four as we anniversary the impact of favorable exchange rates.  That concludes our prepared comments. Operator you may open the line for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of David Koning – Robert W. Baird. 
David Koning – Robert W. Baird: First of all what was the development in Brazil? Is this a segment you still feel comfortable can grow double digits even if you don’t get that platform conversion this year? 
Gary Norcross :  We do feel very strong on Brazil. We are pleased with the conversations we are having with both Banco Santander and Banco Bradesco and as Frank mentioned we fully expect our relationship with those financial institutions going forward but in general we are very bullish on Brazil and the things that are going on in those markets. We see a lot of opportunities for our products and frankly on an ongoing basis having full ownership of all of our Brazilian operations in the long-term we think will pay big dividends. 
Frank Matire :  The short time I have been involved I have been encouraged that we have a lot of nice opportunities there for growth. 
David Koning – Robert W. Baird: Is it fair to say that you expect similar growth this year in both financial and payments or should there be some diversion between the two? 
Michael Hayford :  I think for 2010 again we expect the beginning of the year to still be a little bit slow. We expect it to ramp up in the second half. I think you will see similar growth rates. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. 
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. : Could you go through the free cash again? In the press release it noted there was some timing issues. Could you just dissect that for us a little bit? 
Michael Hayford :  A couple of things happened. One was the improvement in days outstanding on our AR. We also had some timing related tax payments that hit fourth quarter. Those were the primary two changes that drove the higher cash flow. 
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. : Can you tell us a bit about the margin? The margin was better than I expected in international. I remember that segment had contemplated above 20% margin but I didn’t realize it would get this high. I know there are some fluctuations based on the mix but any commentary on that going forward? 
Michael Hayford :  I think a couple of things. I think the team has been focused on a couple of the businesses and have done a tremendous job of improving the margin in the businesses that were underperforming. I also think the margin in the fourth quarter is higher than you would expect on a full-year basis so we had a very strong year. We also had timing in some sales that took place at the end of the year that drove the margin very strong. We are very pleased with the margin. We don’t expect it to stay that high going into 2010. 
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. : Can you talk a bit about the conversations you are having why the deals closed in 4Q? What is driving banks to make decisions? Maybe comment on that in small, medium or large or however it makes sense? 
Gary Norcross :  What we saw throughout 2009 and I think we shared it in our investor update in December as well, we saw a lot of frozen activity in the early part of the year. There were a number of financial institutions towards the end of the year as they felt like they had weathered the economic storm and they did start to make buying decisions. We are really seeing that across the board. There is really two elements of institutions no matter what size, whether it is community, mid-tier or large institutions. Those that feel they have survived this economic crisis are now really starting to evaluate their long-term strategies and making some buying decisions. We certainly saw that play out across all of our segments whether it was community, mid-tier or large or even our international markets in Q4. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. 
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. : I also want to focus on the bank spending environment. Clearly the activity levels picked up and it sounds like you closed a lot of deals. Is this a reflection of you are going to get a conversion timeline and the revenue picks up in the back half of the year? Related to that, I noticed you did affirm your constant currency revenue growth of 1-3 even in the face of the situation in Brazil. Could you give us a bit of color on how you achieve that or is the revenue loss from the change in the relationship not that significant? 
Michael Hayford :  Let me start with the result question. Obviously as we look at Brazil we don’t have the answers yet in terms of the outcomes as Frank talked through what we are doing. We are excited about where it is going. We are excited about the potential to have a 100% owned business in Brazil we can sell into the rest of that market. We have obviously taken into account we think there is a potential for some negative revenue. It fits in terms of size it fits within that range we had previously given and we still plan to be in that range. As we look forward we are again a little bit of a revenue hit. We think the profitability will remain strong as we transition that to a wholly owned entity. So net/net we are optimistic about that business. 
Gary Norcross :  As you pointed out, we did have very strong sales in Q4. As you would expect with any major software purchases or project deployment there is a period of time for that to come into our revenue stream and typically you do see that in the 6 to 9 to 12 month period of time. So as we are looking towards the back half of 2010 we are counting on stronger revenues. 
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. : To follow-up on that if the activity levels continue to be reasonably healthy pace does it give you increased conviction that the growth levels in 2011, I know it is early and I am not going to pin you down but would it lead you to believe you could get back to say 3-5 constant currency growth? 
Michael Hayford :  We talked at Investor Day about long-term growth objectives which are obviously high single digits. We are not going to predict the 2011 at this stage where we will be. We do think the rest of the products, the industry reach both domestically and internationally that we are positioned when the banks do start to spend at the historical levels that we have seen in years past. 2009 was a challenge as I think everybody knows. 2010 we think is going to be a little better but is still not going to be where we would like it to bed. When we get to the end of 2010 we will factor in some view into the latter part. At this stage we don’t know either. 
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. : Could you tell us what the cost synergies achieved in the quarter were? 
Michael Hayford :  The cost synergies in the fourth quarter was $30 million. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co. 
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co. : I know you are only one quarter into it but because cross selling is such an important piece of this puzzle in this industry nowadays can you talk about specifically the cross selling of the Metavante products into the legacy FIS client base and vice versa and logistically the timing of the sales rep training and so on and the progress? 
Frank Matire :  I will have Gary answer that in a little detail but here is what I will say to you. With all the efforts going on and like you said it is only one quarter on the synergies which we are doing very well on, we have maintained a clear focus with our clients on growing the revenue base and cross-selling to our clients and that has worked very well for us to keep that focus along with the synergies. I think Gary will give you a few examples. 
Gary Norcross :  A couple of things there. One, we are starting to see some very nice cross sales out of the Metavante products. We have mentioned them on a number of our calls. Certainly in the areas of payments in the network, some of our bill payment capabilities. Also some of the things we are seeing even in the wealth management area, trust services and the like. There is a lot of potential for those cross sales and we are starting to see that traction.  One of the things you mentioned was where we are with the sales force and the training of the sales force. Obviously to us we thought that was one of the most key areas we could focus on early on, getting all of our sales force up to speed on the breadth of our products and it is very important to drive that.  I am really proud of the job the team has done under Jim [Susserini’s] leadership. They were able to not only announce and launch our sales force shortly after October 1, the leadership of those various teams but they were able to roll those sales reps across the various territories. Since that time we have been having ongoing weekly education programs on the various products and that culminates next week with a large sales meeting in Orlando where we are bringing our entire sales force together to further educate them on the products and then push into this year.  Early signs of cross-sells are positive. I think that showed in our Q4 signings and we see a lot of opportunity going forward. 
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co. :  You are talking about the decline in check and item volumes. What percent is that now and is it accelerating? 
Michael Hayford :  You mean the annual decline of check items? 
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co. : Exactly. 
Michael Hayford :  I think we are still mid single area. I don’t think it is really accelerating I think we have seen it the last two years and we expect that to continue. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin – RBC Capital. 
Dan Perlin – RBC Capital : Thanks for breaking out all these difficult comps and anniversaries but what I wanted to get to initially was the first quarter. Is the 37-40 more a function of the seasonality historically we might have seen with the business or is it more higher debt in the first half, you are starting off slow on the revenue growth, maybe there is lack of revenue we thought was coming from Bradesco and synergies are maybe more flat throughout the year? Which one is it? 
Michael Hayford :  I think it is much more a reflection the first quarter seasonality. I think typically we start out first quarter we have some business that is a little bit lower margin that is coming out of end of year. I think that is fairly normal the first quarter is going to be lower earnings. 
Dan Perlin – RBC Capital : I am sure you are probably tired of talking about it but what exactly is happening in Bradesco? The conversion was planned. It seems like a problem child. It has been a long for this thing to have been converted and we are still kind of waiting. It was supposed to get converted in the first quarter. Now it is getting pushed. Where is it getting recognized in revenue or I am just a little funky on that one. 
Michael Hayford :  Again, what we are sharing with you is that Bradesco, which we had previously said was going to convert to the JV in the first quarter is not going to convert to JV in the first quarter. The reason for that is the joint venture with Santander Bradesco and ourselves, Santander has as we previously shared has elected to leave the processing. That leaves one party so as we talked through this with Bradesco we are looking at a different structure. At this stage we don’t expect them to convert in the first quarter. When we talk about the range of revenue there are outcomes where we expect to get a fair amount of revenue and stay fairly close to what we had anticipated. There is also outcomes where we would expect Bradesco to continue to have some relationships with us but maybe in a slightly different form and the revenue being lower. Because we don’t have that answer today we can’t give you much clarity. We still have a range of outcomes. We still believe that range is in a range of revenue we had anticipated and as soon as we get some clarity we will definitely share it. 
Dan Perlin – RBC Capital : I think you said this already but just to be clear in your revenue guidance and earnings guidance you have taken into consideration the bracketing of the high end and the low end of that range with Bradesco, is that correct? 
Michael Hayford :  That is correct. 
Dan Perlin – RBC Capital : As we look at the schedule you have for the interest rate swaps rolling off, is it a function…I know we are seeing the swaps roll off, but it is hard to know from this trajectory, are you still comfortable with the $200-300 million reduction in debt or are we moving more towards like $400-500 million of reduction in debt for the full year? 
Michael Hayford :  I think we have modeled $300-400 million reduction in debt. So we have mandatory pay downs and we plan to pay down some additional. Again you saw that we announced today a share repurchase approved by our board. In the second half of the year we will look at what is the appropriate action to take to either pay down debt or to buy shares. We do our budget we have to make an assumption one way or the other. 
Dan Perlin – RBC Capital : You were dead on your cost savings this quarter and you gave us a schedule at the analyst day. Are those numbers still looking to be the same kind of $43 million in the first and $31 million in the fourth of cost savings? Are those still good? 
Michael Hayford :  Yes. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : I want to talk about the Citi North American win. Can you expand upon that? That is a pretty big, core win domestically. What can you share with us like what drove the decision to go with FIS, how capital intensive could it be, how long will the conversion take, etc. ? 
Gary Norcross :  We are very excited about the relationship with Citi Bank and signing that. That is really an expansion of a very global relationship we already have with Citi Bank. Citi Bank today already utilizes our systematics product suite in 30 countries and this is an expansion of the license agreement they already had to use in those countries to now bring that into North America. So it is a very exciting strategic win for us. It shows the capabilities of our systematic solution and abilities in that large financial institution space. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : I am not sure if you can share this but how deep is your general relationship with Citi within North America? I wonder if there is a chance to pick up some other business like bill pay or item processing, etc. 
Gary Norcross :  Absolutely. We do have a broad relationship with Citi today. We have one of our managing directors fully assigned to that account and we are already doing other business with Citi Bank as we speak. They actually run a number of our payment solutions through one of their companies called Citi Share and we see other opportunities of expanding that relationship in the future. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : Mechanically how would the Bradesco…if they choose to move forward with this commercial relationship instead how would their equity interest be converted? Would FIS need to buy out the stake? I am just trying to better understand the mechanics of that. 
Michael Hayford :  Until we get to the end of job I think it is hard for us even to predict different outcomes for you. Obviously where we are focused, as we shared, there is going to be some change but we are optimistic the outcome can be very good for us down in Brazil. It is hard for us to say what the structure would be until we get on the job and get it down on a piece of paper. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Greg Smith – Duncan Williams. 
Greg Smith – Duncan Williams : I think you said you were encouraged by some of the transaction activity during the quarter. Was that on the credit and debit card side? 
Michael Hayford :  Yes, I think we saw throughout 2008 in fourth quarter pretty strong debit and credit transaction volumes increasing. 
Greg Smith – Duncan Williams : Can you give us any insight into what is going on in January so far? We have heard from obviously Visa and MasterCard but I just wanted to kind of corroborate that with you. 
Michael Hayford :  I don’t know we want to give numbers and rates. We have to track them daily and have volumes against our plan on a weekly basis. You can kind of expect when you get the data from Visa and MasterCard what is going through the networks. We are processing on the issuing side and the network side we see those transactions as well. So we would see similar volumes typically that you would hear from the two of them. 
William Foley :  We are encouraged by what happened in the fourth quarter and we are just hoping it maintains itself or even grows more in the first quarter. 
Greg Smith – Duncan Williams :  On the share buybacks it sounds like give your mandatory debt pay down that you are most likely to use those to kind of keep the share count flat. Is that fair or would you get more aggressive depending on the stock price? 
Michael Hayford :  I think it is fair to say we would definitely like to keep the share count flat so you can assume that. Whether we do more repurchase depends on where we want to use our capital. Again, the assumption is mandatory with some pay down and I think we want to keep our flexibility in the second half of the year. 
Greg Smith – Duncan Williams : Outside of Bradesco are there any large deals you are in discussion with that could actually move the dial in 2010 or are you so big and diversified at this point it is going to be hard for any single deal to really move the dial dramatically? 
Frank Matire :  We certainly can’t talk to specific deals but clearly we have enough of them on the table and any combination could move the needle right? We just have to see what comes. Just like the Citicorp deal which was a very nice deal for us. We are excited about the relationship we have with our banks. 
Gary Norcross :  As you have heard we had a very strong Q4 in sales and our pipeline is continuing to grow. We have been able to refresh the sales we had in Q4 and our pipeline and actually grow that so we have a number of opportunities that we are pushing across all of our markets. 
Frank Matire :  As the question was asked before we continue to build our relationships with these clients too and get larger relationships with them which is obviously a benefit to both of us. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Analyst for Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs. 
Analyst for Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs : I was hoping you might be able to provide a bit of color, based on what we have seen throughout the rest of our coverage universe there seems to be a sense that the bill payment types of businesses haven’t necessarily taken off in the way that many acquirers of those businesses essentially thought they would. I was hoping you could give us a bit of an update on what you are seeing with the bill payment business and whether your take on it has changed at all over the last few months seeing it as a combined company? 
Frank Matire :  I don’t know who you are referring to there but from our perspective bill pay has always been a very solid business. It is a still growing business. Transaction volumes are still growing as banks continue to get online banking adoption and also adoption of the bill pay side. I think if you looked at volumes you would see that it is still a very steep curve in terms of new names, new end customers as well as the number of transactions they each do. What you have also seen is all the providers be able to price down the cost curve as we have gotten volumes and have been able to get to scale. So we still think it is a great business. We still think it has potential. I think we would have a slightly different view of that. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs : Are you still seeing some degree of aftershocks? Over the last two years it is pretty basic people probably haven’t been paying bills as often as they were in the past just generally with people defaulting and delinquency rates going up. You are not really seeing any fundamental change in that and your long-term view of the business based on what you have seen in the last 2-3 years? 
Michael Hayford :  No and you have to remember bill pay is a transaction based service. So we get paid per bill whether it is somebody sending a $5 check or a $5,000 payment electronically. We are paid per transaction. The number of transactions continue to grow very strongly. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of James Kissane – Bank of America. 
James Kissane – Bank of America : I hate to beat a dead horse here but could you possibly provide a little more insight into Bradesco’s rationale for taking a different path on the JV? 
Gary Norcross :  Basically what the situation was with the Joint Venture we had two key partners, Banco Santander and Banco Bradesco. When Banco Santander made the strategic decision to take their processing in-house Banco Bradesco approached us to discuss converting their arrangement into a commercial agreement because they didn’t feel it made viable sense to be the only bank as a member of the joint venture. Based on that we have had very positive conversations with both of these partners. The conversations have been upbeat and I think everybody feels we are going to get to a good conclusion at the end of the day. But these conversations continue to go forward. It was less about Bradesco’s desire to not do business with FIS. There is nothing further from that. It was more of a desire not to be the only owner in a joint venture. It made more sense to go on a commercial basis. 
James Kissane – Bank of America : A bigger picture question, your philosophy on doing license deals versus more traditional service bureau deals? 
Gary Norcross :  We have a very high recurring revenue rate and clearly one of the things we have had a philosophy over the years is obviously not to mandate which way our clients take the service. Typically what you find in a lot of our applications is a high propensity to outsource that which is why we have such high recurring revenue and certainly payments is a great example of that but we are also willing to license our products where it makes sense. 
Frank Matire :  We sleep better at night obviously with the high recurring revenue that we have but some of our products gear themselves towards being software license or in-house or the clients running it themselves so we made those available so it works for us. 
James Kissane – Bank of America : As you look at the long-term economics on a present value basis do you find much of a difference? 
Michael Hayford :  License is a high margin business. You do it up front one time and it is gone. You really want a recurring revenue stream. You want to build that relationship not only for that one product you sell but if you have that outsourcing relationship you are going to sell more products. When you look at the whole relationship outsourcing and the deeper relationship is going to have a higher return over time when you look at one transaction [a software] sale. 
Frank Matire :  A good point though is with many of our clients we have both. We have the outsourced relationship and then they may have a product license they have along with it. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse. 
Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse : On Bradesco you said the range of revenue outcome remains the same. Can you just remind us what that range is? 
Michael Hayford :  The total guidance range is 1-3% on constant currency. It is 2-4% as reported. Again, let’s put Brazil and Bradesco in context. Our international revenue stream is approximately 17%. This is 2009 numbers. 17% of our total revenue. Brazil is around 37% of that international. So when you talk about Bradesco and you put it in context it is one relationship out many and obviously as we look at it although you don’t want to lose any customers or any revenue stream it fits in the scheme of what we are doing that we can still hit our plan that we laid out for 2010. 
Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse : The margin implications for going into a commercial agreement, did the margins change from what you thought originally with the JV? 
Michael Hayford :  A couple of things. One is in a commercial relationship we have talked about our expectations we would be 100% owner of the business down there. The business has started to reach scale and start to turn a profit so if you look at it as a 50% owner our margin is always going to be reduced because we are only booking half of the profits so we do expect that margins for FIS are going to improve under the new structure. 
Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse : Turning to Banco Santander just remind us how much revenue it generated in 2009 and now they are off of the books how much further the processing piece is so how much less in 2010 on an annual run rate? 
Michael Hayford :  Banco Santander we had talked about as about $40 million per year. So that is the $40 million U.S. we have anticipated coming off in 2010. 
Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse : But there is some existing business that stays? 
Gary Norcross :  The $40 million number is the net. 
Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse : I couldn’t hear you, how much will be continuing with FIS? 
Gary Norcross :  $70 million. 
Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse : Banco Santander is there a term fee with that relationship breaking up and will there also be a term fee with Bradesco? 
Michael Hayford :  We expect the JV FIS has contributed capital and made investments to get that going. As Banco Santander and Banco Bradesco exit, we would expect to get repaid or get returned on our investments we made. When we get those things done we will announce that and share that but you should expect that we will get our capital contributions repaid in some form. 
Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse :  Was there already a Banco Santander term fee paid and do we know how big that is? 
Michael Hayford :  We haven’t reached agreement with Santander or Bradesco at this time. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Analyst for Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust 
Analyst for Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust : I was just hoping you could provide a little more color to the dynamic between debit and credit. Do you have a sense or can you tell from what you are seeing whether debit is replacing credit or this is just a dynamic where the adoption is higher and experiencing higher growth? 
Michael Hayford :  I think one of the phenomenon we are seeing is debit seems to be a necessity. You use it at the grocery store, pay for gas, etc. Credit tends to be purchasing things. I think with the economy being tighter the debit trends might be a little stronger. I don’t think we would say debit is replacing credit. 
Gary Norcross :  We are seeing different types of transactions and different dollar volumes of transactions due to some of the economic issues but we are not seeing a trend where we feel debit is replacing credit transaction volume and we saw a nice growth in both of those in Q4. 
Frank Matire :  That is why it is so important we have all those products and all those offerings. 
Analyst for Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust : To go back to the bank purchasing decision in your negotiations with them are the cycle times starting to accelerate as well? Is it taking less time to get deals closed? 
Gary Norcross :  I think it is a little too early to say whether cycle times are coming down. Certainly cycle times elongated in the first half of last year and as I said we certainly had a very nice Q4 and we have a very strong pipeline. I would share with you the pace of the activity is certainly picking up in our sales channel.  
Mary Waggoner :  Thank you everyone for joining us today. As a reminder a replay of the webcast will be available on our website shortly after the call. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay beginning today at 7 p.m. ET running through February 18th at midnight ET. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code 141855. International participants should dial 320-365-3844 with the access code of 141855. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mary Waggoner – SVP IR William Foley – Executive Chairman Frank Matire – President & CEO Lee Kennedy – Vice Chairman George Scanlon – EVP Finance Michael Hayford – CFO
Analysts:  David Koning – Robert W. Baird Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co.  Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.  Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan  John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co.  Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs  Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research  Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse   
Operator: Welcome to the Fidelity National Information Services third quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) I’ll now turn the conference over to Mary Waggoner, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Mary Waggoner: Thanks to everyone for joining us today. William Foley, Executive Chairman will open today’s call. Lee Kennedy, Vice Chairman, and George Scanlon, Executive Vice President of Finance will follow with the third quarter business review and detailed financial report for FIS on a standalone basis. Michael Hayford, Chief Financial Officer will continue with an overview of Metavante’s third quarter results and the fourth quarter outlook for the combined company. And Frank Matire, President and Chief Executive Officer will close with a few brief remarks.  Before we get started I’d like to remind everyone of the upcoming Investor Day which is scheduled for Monday afternoon, December 7th in New York. We will distribute additional details including registration information in the next couple of weeks.  Today’s discussion will include a slide presentation to facilitate the discussion of third quarter results. Unless otherwise noted our comments will pertain to FIS on a standalone basis. The presentation and today’s press release are available on our website.  As a reminder, today’s commentary will contain references to non-GAAP results in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release. Today’s discussion will also include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the forward-looking statements including guidance.  In addition to being recorded, today’s call is being webcast and a replay will be available on our website shortly after the call.  Now, I will turn it over to our Chairman, William Foley.
William Foley : Thanks Mary, although revenue growth remains challenging in the current environment FIS again delivered strong margin expansion, double-digit EPS growth, and excellent free cash flow. Our management team continues to do a great job executing to plan.  We are confident in our ability to drive solid organic top line growth and strong operating leverage as the economy recovers. After more than a year of due diligence and preparation we are very pleased to have completed our combination with Metavante on October 1. We believe the added scale, product capability and industry expertise, will enable us to compete more effectively and ultimately build greater value for our shareholders. I’d like to take this opportunity to welcome Frank Matire, Michael Hayford, and all the former Metavante associates to FIS. And finally on behalf of the FIS Board of Directors, management team and employees, I’d like to thank Lee Kennedy for the dedication and leadership he has provided since joining the company three and a half years ago.  Under Lee’s direction FIS has generated excellent financial results and significantly enhanced the competitive as a leading global technology provider. Lee will continue to serve on our Board as Vice Chairman and will act as a Board liaison during the Metavante integration.  I’ll now turn the call over to Lee Kennedy.
Lee Kennedy: Thank you William, good afternoon everyone and thanks for joining us today. If you’ll please turn to slide five, I’ll start with the third quarter business review. We’re pleased with our strong third quarter results, particularly in light of the challenging market conditions that existed throughout the quarter.  FIS once again achieved excellent double-digit growth in earnings and free cash flow. In addition the overall margin grew an impressive 250 basis points over prior year. Adjusted earnings per share increased 12% to $0.46 on a reported basis, and nearly 15% in constant currency.  It was a very clean quarter. We received no material benefit from software sales or termination fees. The strong growth in earnings per share was driven by substantial margin expansion in all of our operating segments.  Free cash flow totaled $133 million which was a 12% increase over prior year. As illustrated on slide six, third quarter constant currency revenue declined 1.9% compared to prior year. Top line growth remained challenging due to weak market conditions and difficult year over year comparisons.  Profitability however remained strong driven by disciplined cost management and the successful implementation of productivity initiatives which generated significant operating efficiencies in systems development, sales, technology, and back office operations.  I’m pleased to report that during the quarter we finalized a five-year debit and credit card processing contract extension with card services for Credit Unions and its 3,500 member credit unions. The year 2009 marks the 20-year anniversary of this very important critical partnership.  Also during the quarter we converted New York Community Bank to our MISER core-processing platform successfully completing one of the largest core processing conversions in recent history. New York Community Bank with $33 billion in assets, is the 24th largest holding company bank in the country.  I’m also pleased to report the successful installation of Profile for Allied Bank during the third quarter. The migration was completed on schedule and on budget in less then nine months. Profile, our next generation core-processing platform, is gaining considerable traction worldwide.  Last weekend one of Thailand’s largest banks with more than 18 million accounts successfully converted to Profile. Five of the six largest banks in Thailand are now currently being processed on FIS core processing platforms.  Two of the top six are running on Profile. Our international business returned to double-digit growth in the third quarter and a 12.7% increase in constant currency. The margin expanded 710 basis points to 21.1% driven by strong growth and improved profitability across all major regions.  Now I’ll turn to Brazil, as discussed last quarter, we’ve processed more than 30 million cards for 14 banks in Brazil and also provide a wide range of call center and back office support services. Bradesco, which added 800,000 new cards in the third quarter now processes more than 11 million cards on our platform.  When we last updated you on the status of Bradesco’s remaining 12 million cards, we expected to complete the conversion by the end of the third quarter. Bradesco has since requested more time to conduct additional testing of various interfaces to ensure a seamless transition.  While the timing represents a challenge, this type of request is not unusual given the size and scope of this project. Both FIS and Bradesco are eager to convert the remaining portfolio as soon as possible and we will update you on the timing as appropriate.  Next as many of you are aware from its recent IPO of its Brazilian operation, Banco Santander has publically stated its long-term goal to consolidate all of its worldwide operations to a single IT platform by the year 2010. Consistent with Santander’s acquisition of Banco Real and the parent company’s goal to consolidate its IT processing, Santander has notified us of its intent to migrate its card transaction processing to its proprietary platform.  As part of this proposal FIS would continue providing call center and cardholder support services at least through the end of 2010 and potentially beyond. Approximately $29 million of revenue from Santander year to date or less than 1% of our pro forma consolidated revenue is tied to transaction processing services.  The remainder is generated by call center and support service offerings. Potential impact on earnings will not be material if they elect to convert. I would like to emphasize that we have not reached an agreement regarding the timing of Santander’s potential de-conversion or the bank’s financial obligation resulting from a change to the existing contract terms. However as is in the case for all of our large customers, our agreement with Santander contained very strong contractual provisions including very substantial early termination penalties to protect the investment and profitability for our company.  We will keep you updated on our progress in Brazil and provide additional information when it becomes available. Importantly we continue to maintain a very strong relationship with Santander and the bank has indicated a strong willingness to continue that relationship and work towards building it into the future.  We remain very optimistic about the future growth potential of the Brazilian marketplace and we believe that our scale, experience and local market expertise positions us very well to take advantage of the opportunities that this market will generate.  Now I’ll turn the call over to George who will provide additional details on our third quarter results. 
George Scanlon : Thank you Lee and good afternoon everybody, I’ll begin with slide eight. Consolidated revenue in the quarter totaled $851 million compared to $884 million in the prior period. A 3.8% decrease in reported revenue included an unfavorable currency impact of $17 million.  Excluding the currency impact revenue decreased 1.9% compared to Q3 2008. We have previously indicated in our second quarter call that third quarter comparisons would be challenging because we had particularly strong software sales in Q3 2008 as well as certain non-recurring revenue in our payment segment.  Consolidated EBITDA totaled $235 million, and increased 5.6% relative to prior year despite the decline in reported revenue and a $4 million unfavorable currency impact. Our EBITDA margins expanded 250 basis points to 27.7%, compared to 25.2% in Q3 2008, and 25.3% in Q2 2009 as we experienced strong year over year and sequential margin improvement in each of our operating segments.  Proactive cost reductions in part associated with the anticipated closure of the Metavante acquisition mitigated the earnings impact of softer revenue. Adjusted earnings totaled $0.46 per share reflecting 12.2% growth and were negatively impacted by $0.01 for currency effects.  All in all we continue to demonstrate the resiliency of our operating model in a challenging revenue environment with very strong bottom line performance. Now if you turn to slide nine, I will provide additional detail on our third quarter segment results.  Financial solutions revenue declined $22 million or 7.3% to $278 million in Q3 2009 compared to $300 million in Q3 of 2008. The decline was due to an $8 million reduction in professional services and a $15 million reduction in software license sales which as we discussed last quarter were exceptionally strong last year.  Despite the shortfall in revenue and a significant change in product mix, financial solutions EBITDA decreased by only $2 million as cost reductions mitigated the decline in high margin software revenue.  The EBITDA margin increased 260 basis points to 45.5% compared to 42.9% in the prior year quarter driven by increased productivity, synergy benefits, and improved resource utilization. As shown on slide 10, payment solutions revenue declined $19 million to $370 million in the quarter or 5% below prior year.  Check services revenue accounted for 90 basis points of the payment segment decline. As we guided last quarter, the year over year comparison was also impacted by interchange adjustments and non-repetitive card marketing revenue totaling $10 million in Q3 2008. Debit transactions actually increased 8.1% compared to the same quarter in the prior year after growing 7.3% in the second quarter and were flat on a sequential basis. Credit card trends also improved as transactions declined one-half of one percent compared to Q3 2008 in contrast with the 5% year over year decline in Q1 and the 3% decline in Q2.  While we have seen improving trends in year over year comparisons, we expect our payments businesses will continue to be negatively impacted by weak consumer sales and lower item processing volumes.  Payment solutions EBITDA increased 2.8% to $108 million versus $105 million in the prior period and the margin improved 220 basis points to 29.3% compared to 27.1% in Q3 2008. Margins expanded as a result of various cost initiatives.  The results from our international operations were particularly strong as indicated on slide 11. Revenue increased 4.1% on a reported basis and returned to double-digit growth of 12.7% in constant currency driven by 14.3% growth in core processing revenue and 11.8% growth in payments revenue.  Strong services revenue and volumes in EMEA, and the Asia Pacific region, coupled with organic account and transaction growth across all regions, contributed to the strong performance. EBITDA increased 57.1% compared to prior year and increased 70.6% in constant currency.  The EBITDA margin expanded by 710 basis points to 21.1% as we experienced improvement across the board in core processing, payments and BPO operations, as well as higher software sales. Slide 12 provides additional insight into our foreign currency exposure.  Compared to the same period in the prior year the euro declined approximately 5% while the Brazilian real and the sterling declined approximately 10% and 13% respectively. Our exposure to each major currency is illustrated in the pie chart at the bottom of the page.  The chart on the right depicts the impact of foreign translation for the past several quarters. As a result of continued recent weakness in the US dollar and improving comparisons to rates in the prior year we expect the recent negative trend to reverse and for currency comparisons to contribute favorably to Q4 reported revenue.  Please turn to slide 13 for a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings, third quarter adjusted net earnings totaled $90 million or $0.46 per diluted share compared to $0.41 in the 2008 quarter. As indicated adjusted net earnings exclude after-tax purchase amortization of $19 million and M&A related costs of $4 million.  The effective tax rate was 34.4% in the third quarter compared to 34.9% in the prior year. Average shares outstanding spiked up a bit this quarter at 194.6 million compared to 191.8 million in Q3 2008 and 192.7 million in Q2 2009. The higher share count is a function of the higher stock price used in the calculation of average diluted shares in the current quarter. As shown on slide 14 free cash flow was $133 million compared to $118 million in Q3 2008. The increase was driven by higher earnings and improved working capital management offset by higher tax payments.  Receivables collections included $18 million related to the former [Certegy] Australia business. We have collected $101 million since the sale of the business in October of last year, which leaves $28 million remaining to be collected at September 30.  We expect to collect the remaining balance through early 2011. Capital expenditures totaled $49 million in the quarter which was comparable to Q3 2008. Our continued focus on cash management led to a stronger balance sheet as we further delevered in advance of the Metavante acquisition. Turning to slide 15 we had $2.1 billion in debt outstanding at quarter end including $1.9 billion on the Term A facility and $201 million drawn against the $900 million revolver. We have paid down $371 million in debt since the beginning of the year. At quarter end, 99% of our debt was swapped at fixed rates with approximately $32 million floating against LIBOR.  The effective interest rate including swaps and amortization of debt issuance costs, was 5.9% at quarter end. On October 1, we assumed a portion of the Metavante debt, expanded the existing FIS credit facility, and entered into a new asset backed receivables facility in conjunction with the acquisition, bringing total debt outstanding to $3.4 billion.  As of today the current fixed to floating ratio is 77%. As discussed last quarter Q4 results will be favorably impacted by the termination and replacement of higher cost fixed rate swaps. Our targeted fixed to floating ratio over time will approximate 70% to 80% and additional details on our capital structure will be provided at the December 7th Analyst Meeting.  Now I will turn the call over to Michael for a discussion about Metavante’s Q3 results, combined company synergies, and the Q4 outlook. 
Michael Hayford : Thanks George, if you turn to slide 16, I’ll start with a short overview of third quarter financial highlights for Metavante. Metavante revenues were $425 million for the quarter, increased slightly basically flat to the third quarter of 2008, in spite of a $10 million decline in termination fees.  Financial solutions revenue increased 2% as higher processing and professional services revenue more then offset lower termination fees and payments solutions revenue declined 1.5% due to lower software license revenue and reduced buyout fees on a year over year basis.  Despite the tough revenue comparison and changing product mix, adjusted EBITDA increased 17.6% and adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 480 basis points to 32.7%. Cash earnings increased 28.6% to $0.45 per share compared to $0.35 per share in Q3 of 2008. Free cash flow for the first nine months totaled $118 million. This is slightly lower then a comparable 2008 period due to the timing associated with movement of funds to the payment business and the increase of capital expenditures based on the timing of events that more then offset the increased earnings.  The EBITDA, cash, EPS, and free cash flow are all adjusted to exclude the transaction costs related to the FIS merger. Now let me shift my focus to the new FIS or the combined Fidelity Metavante organizations beginning with the integration update.  The integration teams have been in place for several months now and are tracking towards our planned synergy target of $260 million. We have achieved approximately $32 million in combined cost savings year to date including $21 million in the third quarter and we expect to attain approximate savings of $60 to $65 million for the full year 2009. We will be providing more detail regarding our expectations for 2010 at the December 7th Analyst Meeting.  Next I’d like to provide a few thoughts on our outlook for the fourth quarter, as has been the case throughout 2009 revenue growth remains challenging as banks continue to preserve capital in order to cope with the credit losses. We experienced lower payment transaction volumes and reduces spending in software and professional services.  And there’s no indication that the environment will show market improvement in the fourth quarter of 2009 or do we expect it to improve in the early 2010. We also have seen that while [FDIC] actions to date have a limited impact on our financial, we do expect more of an impact going forward as recent accelerations in bank failures. Based on our current projections we expect combined fourth quarter for the FIS to be flat compared to the prior year due to the overall weak American environment and difficult year over year comparisons with some strong license and equipment revenue that was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2008.  In addition the prior year fourth quarter include approximately $11 million in termination fees that we do not expect to recur in fourth quarter of 2009. Now I’d like to cover a few housekeeping items before I turn the call over to Frank. First we plan to issue a pro forma financial statement for the combined company to assist you in building your fourth quarter and 2010 models. The periods covered will include the full year and fourth quarter of 2008 and the first three quarters of 2009. We are working to complete the pro forma financials prior to Thanksgiving.  Second, our fourth quarter results will be impacted by several merger related items including purchase accounting adjustments and integration costs. We will break these items out separately to provide you with a better understanding of our underlying operating results.  And finally, we will provide more specific details regarding our outlook for 2010 including a timeline for achieving the remaining cost synergies at our December Analyst day. Now I will turn the call over to Frank Matire for a few closing comments. 
Frank Matire : Thank you Michael, I’d also like to thank everyone for joining on today’s call. I am excited to be speaking to you from Jacksonville, and even more excited about the future of this great company. I’ll keep my remarks very brief today to allow plenty of time for your questions.  I am very pleased how the two organizations have come together as one, as evidenced by the leadership team already fully in place, with a clear focus on our clients. At the same time as we discussed we are confident that we will achieve our synergy targets while we remain focused on growing the revenue of the company.  Thank you again for your time this afternoon. I look forward to seeing you at the investor day in December. We are ready to open the line for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of David Koning – Robert W. Baird 
David Koning – Robert W. Baird: Nice job on the margin expansion, I guess first of all the international margins, you talked about how much better those have gotten and it looked like EBIT almost doubled sequentially and I’m just wondering if that trajectory is expected to continue now to get strong expansion to continue as you layer on more portfolios etc. It just seems like we’ve reached an inflection point the last couple of quarters and maybe you could talk a little more about that. 
George Scanlon : We obviously had an excellent quarter in margin in international and sequentially we’ve improved each quarter this year. If you look at our business, Brazil has been lagging in margin contribution and is starting to more meaningfully contribute.  But honestly across the board virtually all of our operations outside the US had improvements year over year. What I would say is we targeted a 20% margin by the end of the year. We obviously got there earlier. We would expect to maintain this level into the fourth quarter and as we look over the longer term, on an annualized basis I would say a 20% plus margin is attainable.  I would say at the same time that the margin will vary quarter to quarter based on product mix. This quarter as I mentioned in my remarks we had improved software sales year over year in the international segment. That was about $4 million but on a relative basis that can help the reported margins.  So we’re very encouraged by what we see internationally and expect good news to continue. 
Lee Kennedy : I’ll add one thing, the software sales that we had internationally jumped and improved over prior year also so that also contributed to the lift that we saw in this quarter. 
David Koning – Robert W. Baird:  And then I guess one follow-up, just with the margin strong at both companies this quarter and it sounds like a nice savings, $60 million or so this year from synergies, is that pulled out of next year. I know initially when you announced the deal you talked about $195 million of synergies next year, but does that mean that some of those got pulled into 2009 and might not be incremental into next year. Is that a fair way to think about it. 
Michael Hayford : So its $195 on an annual basis. So we had a jump-start. We have $60 million that hit the 2009 numbers but those are going to recur so we do have a jump start but you can’t, so you have to go $60 to the next number next year and we’ll share that on the December 7 number, kind of where we stand looking at 2010.
George Scanlon : What we said was we expected to get about $210 million in the first 18 months and I think at this point despite closing October 1 we both began actions before closing in anticipation of the closing, and therefore didn’t lose any ground and I think we’re still targeting to maintain that target or beat it over the first 18 months. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. 
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. : Maybe a question for both Lee and Frank, but just wanted to get a, some color on the integration progress thus far, any surprises or incremental opportunities you found, or just sort of your observations on the last three, six months. 
Lee Kennedy : I think the good thing is really no surprises. I think the plan that we laid out well over a year ago is holding true. I’ll say that if anything we think there is some upside to the 260, potentially that we talked to the market about. Might take us a little bit longer to get it. But so far, we are, if there’s any one combination that we’ve done and any integration that we ever put in place, I think this one is as advanced and as under control as any combination we’ve ever attempted.  So we’re very, very pleased with the way our management teams are responding and what they’re doing to make sure that we will live up to the commitments that we’ve made to the marketplace.  
Frank Matire : The only thing I would add from Lee’s comments because he covered it all was that how well the teams have worked together and how quickly they have done it. Pleasantly pleased about that. 
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. :  Then just sort of a general comment on the environment, the sense for the pipeline of activity and timing of when discretionary spending may loosen which is probably the $1000 question or whatever. 
Lee Kennedy : I’ll say this, I’ll say we’ve seen certain cases slight improvements to the pipeline. The quality of pipeline activity is up and its as strong as ever but I’m not willing to say at this point in time that we expect a substantial change over what we’ve experienced in the last few quarters.  Its still our thinking that as we move through 2010 and get into the second half potentially of 2010 we’ll see some type of an improvement but I think you should kind of bank on status quo. It is what it is. Its going to remain that way for another few quarters and then hopefully we’ll move upward from there.  The positive signs is international this quarter. We had a very good strong quarter in terms of software license sales and that was not typical relative to the prior quarters that we’ve had, so we’ve seen some improvement there. But its pretty much as is and its going to remain as is for the foreseeable future. 
Frank Matire : You have to have patience and its going to come back to market. Its going to be slow and the declines in the spending, we just have to be prepared when it does and we have the products and we have the capabilities that they need when they’re ready to buy and right now we think there is a slight up tick but clearly a lot more of the same right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. 
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. : Congrats on the margins and congrats on the combination. Just a quick question on a few particular deals that you all have called out in the past and I’m not sure what you can tell us about them at this point, but the American Express prepay deal and then I think you had mentioned that the post office, the eFunds driven post office deal had maybe had been implemented late last quarter, early this quarter. And then is the Scott Trade, do we have any more information on the Scott Trade deal, anything that you can tell us incrementally on those. 
Lee Kennedy : I’ll take the third one first, we can’t really talk about the Scott Trade deal at this point in time other then we’re in really good shape there. I’ll just leave it at that. The other two deals are fully implemented. They’re up and running. They’re generating revenue. If anything the transaction counts and some of the activity lifts that we’ve seen with American Express are ahead of what we had originally thought.  No surprises there and both remain excellent deals for our company and both as I said before we’re driven off of the eFunds acquisition so they’re starting to produce some really good traction. So we’re in good shape there. 
Frank Matire : Actually I got to meet with American Express just a week ago and they were just very pleased with job that was done by FIS. 
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. : And then on the additional detail on the Brazil stuff that you talked about earlier, do we have any sense yet of potential timing or is it is just too early for the bank to figure out exactly when they might want to go live or how—
Lee Kennedy : Its still, I would say too early. We hope to learn more within the next few weeks and get a more definitive timeframe for you. I think the message on Brazil and the good news on Brazil, its only a portion of the total processing. It fits with their strategy. It makes sense for them to do that. We understand that and the bottom line is we expect to maintain and keep a good strong relationship with them going forward and we’ll handle a larger portion of their business going forward. 
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. : And then last question on Brazil, it seems like that Brazil has really helped not just the legacy platform but has the more organic or the non-legacy stuff that you’ve converted grown faster then you expected and will that help that, help offset some of that. 
Lee Kennedy : The non-legacy portion of the business has been the fastest growing business that we have in Brazil. We still have those accounts on file. They’re still contributing very strong growth rates. Bradesco alone grew over 800,000 accounts last quarter in somewhat of a weak economy.  So yes, the accounts on file, and they’re still a lot of potential in addition to that. There’s some other cards portfolios that we’re talking to various institutions about and some of our current customers about. So we’re not discouraged with Brazil. We’re still very positive on Brazil. We think it represents a good strong opportunity for us and we’ll sort this out as we go forward. But we expect to maintain good strong revenue growth and good strong business from that region. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : With the Santander, I thought I heard you say it was a potential of $29 million in terms of the impact, did I get that right. 
Lee Kennedy : It was $29 million through the first three quarters so if you annualize it, look at about $40 million in revenue from the transaction processing side of the business, about less then 1% of our revenue base. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : And then on, but you’re also doing the BPO, is there a risk that they would decide to bring that piece in house as well. 
Lee Kennedy : No, we actually are in good shape with BPO, we’ve actually extended some of our contracts with the current customers so they’re longer term and they’re better in nature for our company so we feel very good about that. In fact, we think there’s opportunity on top of that. Its not only BPO, there’s also some system integration work, there’s core processing, there’s a lot of opportunities that we think we can leverage off of this relationship. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : And how should we think about the margins on that $40 million annualized.  
George Scanlon : What I would say is that margins for that portfolio have been on a relative basis below average because the processing requirements for that portfolio are more intensive and so it requires a higher [mips] utilization so while Lee mentioned the less then 1% impact to revenue, it will even have less of an impact to EBITDA and profitability. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : And then how much was the international license in the quarter, you mentioned a couple of times that it was particularly good. 
George Scanlon : What I said was unlike the domestic segments, software was actually $4 million higher year over year in international. As you know deals are dependent on timing and can happen in one quarter and not another and so overall we’re seeing software down about 40% year over year in the quarter. Down dramatically in the financial services segment and yet despite that we overcame that loss of margin. Down in the payments solutions segment but the international segment was higher. 
Lee Kennedy : And there was no one deal that drove that variance. It was a number of deals that accounted for the difference so that’s good news also. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : And then I missed, you gave the Metavante, the historical Metavante financial segment performance, would you mind repeating that. 
Michael Hayford : Just a quick update, so year over year revenue was basically flat to slightly up in 2009, 2008 is 425, was revenue in 2009. EBITDA was up 17.6% to 139.1, cash EPS was $0.45 versus $0.35 in 2008 so up 28.6%. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : And I’m sorry, the financial segment.
Michael Hayford : Financial segment was up 2% year over year and payment segment was down 1.5%. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan : And then just a bigger picture question, how’s the international core pipeline looking. 
Lee Kennedy : It remains very, very strong. I think as a general statement the quality and depth of all of our pipelines, not only internationally but domestically are as strong as ever so we’re in good shape relative to sales process and as soon as some of the spending loosens up we expect to be able to really capitalize on that so it will look very good for our company. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co. 
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co. : Just a few follow-ups here, just to clarify you said that you expect that Q4 was a combined basis EPS would be flat. 
Michael Hayford : No revenue, revenue relatively flat from 2008 for the combined entity. 
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co. : And then just to follow-up on too the lower item processing volumes, are you seeing an increasing deceleration or is there a client loss there. 
George Scanlon : No, nothing specific other than the general overall market. 
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co. : And then lastly just to follow-up on the Bradesco migration, are those cards, those 12 million that haven’t migrated, are those contractually committed. 
Lee Kennedy : Yes they are. They’re all committed through the agreement that supports the joint venture with some pretty strong penalties so, yes they are committed. 
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co. : Just not on a timeframe. 
Lee Kennedy : No, there’s no timeframe on it that’s associated with this so they’re committed. As soon as Bradesco is ready, we’re hopeful that they’ll get that conversion rolling and we’ll get them on file. A lot of the activity has already converted over as we said in the past, the call centers, the support centers are already operating on our system and driving revenue, so this is in total, a sizable portion of the revenue stream, but certainly not to the degree that one would think.  
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co. : New York Community Bank, how much of that was recognized in Q3 license wise. 
Lee Kennedy : Actually none of it. 
George Scanlon : Actually none, we recognized the license revenue in Q3 last year, the majority of it anyway so year over year it was actually a negative. 
Lee Kennedy : We actually expensed to make the conversion and support them so we really incurred more expense and didn’t pick up the revenue in that quarter. 
John Kraft - D.A. Davidson & Co. :  Well that was a nice implementation anyway. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams
Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams: Have you re-upped all of your swaps then at this point.
George Scanlon : No, obviously in connection with the closing of the deal, we had a billion dollar swap that we terminated. It was in the, it was scheduled for October 11 I think and we’ve managed our fixed to variable ratio down to 77% which is within our targeted range.  We have another $250 million in swaps expiring in early December so we’ll give a lot further clarity on the capital structure and what we see going forward including interest costs but we were able to bring down our average cost of debt through repricing swaps earlier this quarter. 
Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams: I’m just trying to get at ballpark rate on the $3.4 billion, anything you can throw out there that we should be thinking about for 2010.
George Scanlon : You know, I think rather then piecemeal data about 2010, I think it would be better to see it holistically at the December 7 meeting but net, net as you know we incurred higher cost debt in connection with the deal as we had to renegotiate the Metavante facility so that was a bit of a negative. Our objective is to pay down that debt as quickly as possible and at closing we actually incurred about $300 million less in debt then we had originally anticipated.  So our debt balances are coming down. We’ll pay down the high cost debt balances and as we reprice the swaps I think directionally 100 basis points from where we’re at right now is achievable but we’ll give a lot better insight into that in about six weeks or so. 
Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams: But why was the debt $300 million lower, I noticed that. 
George Scanlon : Well we closed later, we generated cash flow, both companies had stronger earnings. We’ve been monitoring our capital spend in anticipation of getting together so it was really that combination and as we’ve said our objective is to pay down debt, get to investment grade, and be in a stronger financial position as we get to the second half of 2010.
Michael Hayford : The April 1 announcement assumed a July 1 close, so we obviously closed a quarter later. 
Greg Smith - Duncan-Williams:  And just using free cash flow in the meanwhile. And then just switching gears slightly, you gave the credit card and debit card volumes year over year, but do you have the percentage change for both just sequentially 3Q versus 2Q. 
George Scanlon : Debit was flat, and I believe credit was up 3% if I’m not mistaken. Which is a pretty big improvement. We’ve seen favorable trends but its not going to materially effect the revenue line for the near future we don’t think. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs : Real quickly on the, would you mind just going through the growth expectations by the old business line, so into the fourth quarter what you’re expecting for financial services and payment of the old FIS and the old MV just so we have those lined up correctly. 
Michael Hayford : When we sit down on December 7 I think we can give more clarity. I think you can expect that payment and [inaudible] continue as you’ve seen here to date, that payment transaction volumes are down. We have a little bit of a mix differential between the two organizations. Legacy Metavante has more license payments, legacy FIS has more license in [inaudible] and license is being impacted a little bit more with the expending down.  But again year over year we’re expecting fourth quarter year over year to be relatively flat to last year, for the full year you can project that forward. We don’t see a lot of growth in the combined entity from 2008 perspective. So I think you can kind of look at payments and financial services group running about the same as they’ve done year to date. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs : And then maybe to get back to a little bit on the revenue growth side, the track record of FIS and other deals on the cost side I think is pretty straightforward and even on the revenue side you have done a pretty good job historically of getting to the revenue growth targets. The environment obviously into the next 12 months is very different then what we had seen in the past so to be very specific if the demand environment stays weak because of the sort of the context that the banks are dealing with, what are the two or three specific things that you are going to focus on to drive growth where possible. 
Michael Hayford : The demand environment obviously has been a challenge with banks very focused on preserving capital and probably cutting back on projects, the software services have been impacted. We also talked about a little bit of headwind with FDIC and some of the actions they’ve taken on banks which year to date hasn’t been felt in our numbers but as we look forward creates a little bit bigger hole to climb out of. I think you also heard a fair amount of optimism around sales and success not only year to date but what most companies have done in recent quarter driving sales. So I think you put it in combination, I think the international side as George pointed out has been driving a fair amount of activity. I think we see opportunities for institutions, we’ve talked about this in the past where when institutions are under stress it opens the doors for dialogue.  It opens the doors for looking at opportunities where FIS given the size of scale can provide some value. Services that maybe the bank had not considered outsourcing in the past and clearly Gary Norcross and his team, they’re going to take every avenue they can to get the word on the street, share the new FIS story and try to support the banks and help them through some difficult times.  And so its not that we’re not going to knock on the doors and push growth and we think sales will continue to be good, we’re looking at a macro environment which just hasn’t given us growth in the last 12 months and so we’re waiting for that to turn around. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs : Any sense on whether large banks versus small banks which you would expect to come back first if one versus the other. 
Michael Hayford : It depends on the institution, some of the large and regional institutions are doing quite well and spending money and others are struggling a little bit more. I think we’ve seen community banks in general up until the last couple of quarters that were doing very well and I think they’ve been hit a little harder with commercial real estate and some of those portfolios.  So I think it depends on the institution and the region of the country and just how well that bank has performed. 
Frank Matire : And notwithstanding a very difficult environment that we’ve been in for quite a while. We do have the opportunity to have several products, a lot of products, for a cross sell standpoint across the entire enterprise that we can make available. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs :  And lastly on the, just to sort of hit too on the legislative front, Interchange we’ve been sort of hearing about and I think we kind of understand where that is and I guess we’re all waiting for that [JAO] study but I guess a couple of days ago we also had the introduction of overdraft. How are you thinking about what that means to the banks as they think about fees and revenue streams and potentially does that impact your business at all on the bank processing side. 
Michael Hayford : On the Interchange we’re primarily fee or transaction based. We probably have a few businesses that are taking a piece of the Interchange that would have an impact. On the fee structure the banks have, its probably a minimal impact to us. Obviously we’re providing technology to banks that help them determine their sequence and their posting sequence for their payments coming in.  I know we’ve had a lot of dialogue with our clients. They’re going to find other ways to get their fee income relative to their [DDA] accounts of their checking accounts so if they have to go back and charge fees on a monthly basis or do some other activities, they’ll have to do that.  I think that helps us if we can of service to them. We can help upgrade the systems and create some more capacity capabilities for them. So I don’t think that’s going to hurt us at all. The Interchange I think is a minor potential impact. We’ll just have to watch that. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs : And what about on the overdraft legislation side. 
Michael Hayford : Well the overdraft, that’s the fees I’m talking about on the check side where the banks may have to change their sequence of posting. We’ve heard various outcomes, the banks may have to find other ways to collect fee revenue or fee income from their clients. So from our perspective we don’t get a slice of that. We provide technology that enables to charge fees whether its overdraft protection or other ways and so its not going to have a negative effect, it may have a positive impact on helping to go in with services or other technology. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research 
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research : What I wanted to ask was how do you anticipate demand impacting revenue once banks decide start spending money and I guess what I was trying to get to is do you think there will be all this pent up demand that you could see some real strong growth for the first couple of quarters as banks come back or do you think this comes back in a more normalized manner.  
Frank Matire : I think you have to be careful there. It’s a good question but its going to be more normalized. I think there is some pent up demand, no question about it because there are some things on the investment side that banks would like to do but don’t expect it to all happen all at once.  It will be over a period of time. And that’s okay but clearly it will come back and it will be the investment spending on the part of banks but I would see it as being gradual not something over night. 
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research : And as you look at 2010 would you anticipate more bank failures or less compared to 2009, at least in terms of your customer base. 
Frank Matire : I got to tell you, what’s happened in, there have been so many projections up and down and more recently we’ve seen quite a few. I don’t know really what to expect. I suggest there will be more bank failures. I think we all know that. To the degree, tough to tell right now. 
Kartik Mehta - Northcoast Research :  I just had one last question on the swaps, I think you mentioned that you thought 100 basis points lower, would that be just for the fourth quarter I’m assuming, not really what could happen in 2010 when you get everything else worked out. 
George Scanlon : Well as I said, we’ll provide a lot more detail so everybody gets grounded from the same starting point, but with the fixed and variable floating we’ve got, I think we’ll pick up at least 80 basis points this quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates: First of all, now with the flat revenue in the fourth quarter for the combined company does that include a benefit from foreign exchange. 
George Scanlon : No that would be a constant currency, so we stripped out the benefit in the fourth quarter. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates: And then for the fourth quarter excluding any cost synergies or the 40 or so that would be expected in the fourth quarter, would we still expect an uptick in margins. 
Michael Hayford : I think we’ve looked at, full year based on where we had both expected to be at the beginning of the year and obviously we feel very strong, very good about where we are year to date, we feel very good about where we’re going to end. We’ve obviously shared that we expect to get a combined synergy number, the two companies together.  I think December 7 we can sit down and share with you what kind of margin expansion we have on the standalone business. Right now we’re running the companies combined so I don’t think we’ve gone back and looked at the individual fourth quarter margin expansion before synergies.  But clearly we’re going to have a strong fourth quarter in terms of earnings obviously because of the expense we’ve taken out year to date and we’re going to get that synergy pop going forward in the fourth quarter. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates: I guess what I’m trying to get to is would you reiterate your guidance for the standalone company for the year. 
Michael Hayford : So on the announcement on April 1 we said $1.62 was the Metavante expectation for the full year and for the old FIS its $1.63 and so as we’ve looked at where we are against that, how much goes to synergy, that’s the measurement that we use. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James & Associates: And then just a question on the synergies, what percentage of the synergies are going to come out of cost of service and what percentage would come out of general and administrative expenses. 
Michael Hayford : Again, when we sit down on the 7th we’ll go back, on the first we talked about what’s coming out of [PSG], what’s out [FSG], what’s out of corporate overhead, what’s out of infrastructure, we’ll sit down and give you some breakout on the 7th. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse 
Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse : I just want to follow-up on the fourth quarter, you talked about revenues being flat on constant currency what about adjusted EPS, should that probably has a positive impact. Can you quantify that for us. 
George Scanlon : You mean from a foreign currency perspective. 
Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse : No just overall company adjusted EPS, I assume the deal is accretive in the fourth quarter. 
George Scanlon : With the shares outstanding I wouldn’t make that assumption at all that it will be accretive in the fourth quarter. We said it would be accretive in the first year and its going to take a while as we take the synergies out to offset the additional share count.  So I would not expect it to be accretive in the first quarter coming out of the gates.  
Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse : I was just wondering because the synergies to date, if you get $60 to $65 million out that might be a little higher then I expected for 2009 so I thought maybe that would be slightly accretive in the fourth. 
George Scanlon : I think relative to the current standalone FIS Q4 expectations, I don’t think so, on an EPS basis. 
Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse : And then just looking at FIS on a standalone basis, it looked like the growth rates deteriorated a little in the third quarter in both financial and payment and got better in international, so just on financial and payment is it safe to say the market deteriorated a little bit or do you think maybe some of the associates were focused on the deal, I’m just trying to understand the market conditions. 
George Scanlon : What I think I would emphasize and Lee will add color but just from a numbers perspective, we were down $22 million in the financial services segment, $15 million of that was software. We had our best quarter in software sales in that segment Q3 of last year. And again what I want to emphasize about software is that $15 million drops to the bottom line so we had to overcome that loss of $15 million in EBITDA as well.  The other piece was professional services with let’s say margins of 25%, 30% so all in while that revenue came up short and honestly that’s the most challenging part in the market right now is that discretionary spending, we overcame the majority of that loss of revenue through the cost actions we took.  On the payment side, we had about $10 million of one-time items last year that we highlighted a year ago in the guidance for the balance of the year mentioned [inaudible] so I think it made the payments comparisons look particularly worse. The check business was also down about 10% which accounted for 90 basis points of the shortfall. But I think as everybody on the call has indicated the revenue environment is challenging. We’re not expecting any material changes in the domestic side of revenue. We do expect continued growth in international and we will benefit from a little tailwind from currency in the fourth quarter. 
Lee Kennedy : And we have been very, very diligent to make sure that our people are not distracted through the combination and are concentrated on sales and executing business on a day-to-day basis. There has not been any drop off whatsoever in that area because of the combination. 
Bryan Keane - Credit-Suisse :  Okay because the financial segment at Metavante was up positive two and I get a lot of questions about what’s the long-term growth rate inside the financial segment so would love to just get your thoughts there. 
Michael Hayford : So, again at the Metavante side, we’ve been very pleased with FSG performance in 2009 and you have to remember those are deals that were sold in 2008, one of them was actually sold in 2007, coming online and impacting positively 2009. [PSG] was down, the same challenge that George’s team has had at FIS, strong comps in third quarter last year.  And the environment is tough. I don’t think our two organizations are alone in having third quarter challenges growing revenue. I just want to add to Lee’s comments on distraction, the teams that support the clients, out selling have not been working on integration until we got the deal done.  So the rest of the team has been working on how to put the company together, products together, the infrastructure but the client facing teams, the sales teams, were not distracted in the third quarter at all by this combination. 
Lee Kennedy : And if you take out the one-time software sales that we had last year which were very, very strong in the third quarter and then compare the core businesses, quarter to quarter year to year, you’ll see it come more in line with what you would have expected and what we would expected so I think there’s a little bit of noise in that because of how strong that third quarter was last year in terms of software license sales. They were very large sales and very big sales. 
George Scanlon : We’ll also provide additional color at the December 7th meeting about revenue growth and potential by segment.  
Mary Waggoner:  Thanks everybody for joining us today and we look forward to seeing you in New York on December 7th.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives:   Mary Waggoner – Senior Vice President Investor Relations Lee A. Kennedy – President, Chief Executive Officer & Director George P. Scanlon – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts :  David J. Koning – Baird Equity Research Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co, Inc. Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc. Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan John Kraft – D. A. Davidson & Co. Greg Smith – Duncan-Williams, Inc. James F. Kissane – Bank of America Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs Roger S. Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton, Inc. Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse Andrew W. Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey  
Operator:  Welcome to the Fidelity National Information Services second quarter earnings call. At this time all lines are in a listen only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’ll now turn the conference over to Mary Waggoner, Senior Vice President Investor Relations.
Mary Waggoner:  With me are President and Chief Executive Officer Lee Kennedy and Chief Financial Officer George Scanlon. We will be using a slide presentation to supplement today’s discussion. The slides as well as the press release are available on our website www.FidelityInfoServices.com. As a reminder, today’s commentary will contain references to non-GAAP results in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release. Today’s discussion will also include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the press release and other filings with the SEC. The company expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the forward-looking statements including guidance. In addition to being recorded, today’s call is being webcast and a replay will be available on our website shortly after the call. A telephone replay will also be available and that replay number is provided in the press release. Now, I will turn it over to our CEO lee Kennedy.
Lee A. Kennedy : If you’ll turn to Slide Four, we’ve included an agenda outlining the topics that we’ll cover on today’s call. I’ll begin with a few comments of our pending acquisition of Metavante followed by a review of our second quarter results. I’ll conclude with an update on our outlook for 2009. George will follow with the financial report and then we’ll open it up for your questions.  First, Metavante; since our initial announcement in early April we’ve made excellent progress in preparing for the combination of FIS and Metavante. As stated in last week’s press release the S4 has been declared effective and the shareholder vote will take place on September 4th. In addition, we continue to work closely with the DOJ to comply with the request for additional information and expect to complete the acquisition in the fourth quarter. The staking of the integration teams is complete and the project plans for combining the two companies will be finalized and in place prior to closing. As outlined in our April investor presentation, the integration of Metavante and FIS will generate approximately $260 million in cost savings through expense reductions and efficiency gains in corporate, technology and business operations. We are confident that we will be able to achieve the cost synergy goal with minimum disruption to our customer base. If you’ll please turn to Slide Five, I will continue with the second quarter business review. We’re very pleased with the strong second quarter results particularly in light of the challenging market conditions which persisted throughout the second quarter. We achieved excellent double digit growth in earnings and free cash flow. In addition, the overall margin grew 250 basis points over prior year. Adjusted earnings per share increased 24% to $0.42 on a reported basis and 27% in constant currency. It was a very clean quarter with no benefit from significant software sales or termination fees. The strong growth in earnings per share was driven by strong margin expansion in all of our operating segments. Free cash flow totaled $125 million which was a 45% increase over prior year. As illustrated on Slide Six, second quarter constant currency revenue was comparable to prior year. Second quarter top line growth remained challenging driven by difficult market conditions which persisted throughout the quarter. However, the steps that we have taken to generate higher efficiencies in development, technology and operations together with quick and decisive actions to reduce costs in the second quarter enable us to drive strong growth in EBITDA and margins. Second quarter EBITDA grew 6.9% and the margin increased 250 basis points to 25.3%. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of 90 plus basis point improvement year-over-year margin improvement which clearly demonstrates our ability to aggressively manage costs and drive strong operating leverage even with lower revenue growth. This is evidenced that the profit improvement plans initially implemented in 2007 are generating excellent long term results for our company. In early 2007 we outlined four strategic initiatives to improve profitability and free cash flow. Our business plan included initiatives to better leverage development; processing and support services across business unit lines and geographies; initiatives to reduce IT infrastructure costs through the consolidation of processing centers; stronger vendor management and better utilization of our mainframe and mid range systems and operating resources; a project planned to lower capital spending by leveraging development resources across business units and geographies, eliminating redundant product development; and finally, the implementation of a plan to improve sales efficiencies and cross selling through the creation of a centralized sales organization. The results to date are measurable and clear. Earnings per share increased more than 20% in 2008 and in the first half of 2009. Free cash flow more than doubled to $358 million in 2008 and we’re on track to exceed our free cash flow guidance for 2009. After peaking at $273 million or 9% of revenue in 2007, 2009 cap ex is expected to be in the low $200s which is approximately 6% of total revenue.  We are making progress in selling our payment products up market and increasing the number of product relationships that we have with anchor core processing customers. We have also significantly reduced debt and interest expense over the last two years which has enabled us to pursue strategic acquisitions and better opportunities that have added new product capability and scale, improved our competitive positions in the US and internationally.  At the same time we have also focused on strengthening and expanding significant customer relationships. In the second quarter we signed multiyear renewals with the Independent Community Bankers of America for debit processing and the Illinois Credit Union League for card processing and loyalty services. We are pleased to continue our long standing relationships with these two important organizations. We also established new core processing relationships with [Post Oak] Bank, the Bank of Virginia and Alliance Bank; each was a competitive take away. In addition, FIS was selected to provide loyalty services for Bank of the West which is the 25th largest bank in the country. Bank of the West is an example of the success that we are having in cross selling payment products to our larger core processing customers.  We’re also seeing increasing interest for outsourced core and card processing services outside the US particularly in the UK and Europe where banks have historically processed in house. I am also pleased to report that all major customer implementations remain on track for 2009. In June, we successfully converted over $98 million prepaid cards for American Express to our new prepaid card platform.  In the second quarter we also converted more than 45,000 point of sale terminals at more than 15,000 US postal service branches across the US to our newly designed and implemented online payment switch. We will expand this service to an additional 17,000 post office locations in 2010. Both of these opportunities were initially generated through the acquisition of eFunds. We remain on track to convert Bradesco’s card portfolio by the end of the third quarter. In addition to Bradesco’s legacy portfolio, we’ll add more than 12 million cards to our platform bringing the total number of cards processed by the JV to more than 44 million. Fidelity Brazil which is the first processor in the country to achieve PCI certification serves a broad customer based consisting of 14 Brazilian banks which in total will generate approximately $250 million in annual revenue. Our BASE2000 platform supports more than 500 different types of plastic cards including credit, private label, prepaid and store value cards. We also provide a wide range of bank office and card holder support services including fraud management, collection, dispute resolution and loyalty programs.  More than seven million consumer calls per month are handled through our 3,000 seat state of the art call center. Brazil is expected to become the third largest card market in the world by 2013 and we believe that our scale, experience, local market expertise positions us very well to take advantage of the significant opportunities that this market will generate.  In summary, it was another good quarter for our company highlighted by excellent growth in earnings, margins and free cash flow. While our outlook for revenue growth is slightly more cautious for the balance of 2009 we are confident that the positive pipeline and market trends will continue to improve driving stronger revenue growth as the economy improves. Based on the strong results of the first half of 2009 and our positive outlook for the remainder of the year, we are raising our guidance to $1.71 to $1.75 per share from $1.60 to $1.66 per share that we previously communicated. We continue to work towards finalizing the acquisition of Metavante and expect it to close in the fourth quarter. We remain very enthusiastic about the enhanced product capability, improved scale and combined management depth of the new company. The new FIS will be stronger, it will be more competitive and it will be uniquely positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in high growth markets that we believe will grow and exist throughout the world.  I’ll now turn the call over to George who will continue with the second quarter financial report.
George P. Scanlon : I’ll begin with Slide Eight, as Lee discussed consolidated revenue in the quarter totaled $835 million compared to $870 million in the prior period. The 4% decrease in reported revenue included an unfavorable currency impact of $31 million. Excluding the currency impact revenue was comparable to Q2 ’08. Termination fees were insignificant and there were no large software sales or major customer implementations that benefitted the current quarter. Consolidated EBITDA totaled $212 million an increased 6.9% relative to prior year despite the decline in reported revenue and the impact of a $6 million unfavorable currency adjustment. As a result, the EBITDA margin expanded by 250 basis points to 25.3% as we experienced strong year-over-year and sequential margin improvement across the board in all of our operating segments. Ongoing spending discipline and proactive cost reductions continue to improve our operating leverage and mitigate the earnings impact of softer revenues. Adjusted earnings totaled $0.42 per share and were negatively impacted by $0.01 for currency effects. All-in-all we demonstrated the resiliency of our operating model with very strong bottom line performance.  Now, if you turn to Slide Nine, I will provide additional detail on our second quarter operating segment results. Financial solutions revenue declined 1.4% to $277 million in Q2 ’09 compared to $281 million in the prior year. Increases in account processing, outsource technology and risk management services were offset by lower professional services revenue and a decline in software sales which tend to be more discretionary purchases. Financial solution’s EBITDA increased by $16 million primarily due to increased productivity and improved resource utilization.  As reported, the margin increased 610 basis points to 43.1% compared to 37% in the prior year quarter. Now, while there was no impact to consolidated margin, there was an anomaly related to the allocation of severance costs between the operating and corporate segments in Q2 ’08 which had the effect of understating prior year margins for the financial solutions and international segments and overstating corporate. Normalizing for this effect, the quarterly improvement in the financial solutions margin was a strong 250 basis points. We have included a chart in the appendix to illustrate the normalized EBITDA and margin expansion for the respective segments. As shown on Slide 10, payment solutions revenue declined $3 million to $380 million in the quarter or .9% below prior year. Payment solutions increased .4% if you exclude retail check services. A slide summarizing the results of our check business is included in the appendix for your reference. Solid growth in debit processing and output solutions offset declines in prepaid, credit card and item processing activity. We saw positive developments this quarter in transaction trends relative to Q1. Debit transactions increased 7.3% year-over-years versus 4.6% growth in the first quarter and improved 9.3% sequentially. Credit card transactions declined 2.8% year-over-year compared to a 5.4% decline in Q1 and increased 9.6% sequentially. Payment solutions EBITDA increased 8.2% to $105 million versus $97 million in the prior period and the margin improved 230 basis points to 27.7% compared to 25.4% in Q2 ’08. Improved operating efficiency across most product lines resulting from strong expense management contributed to the enhanced performance. Turning to international which is detailed on Slide 11, our international revenue increased 1.4% in constant currency which was in line with our expectations and the guidance we communicated last quarter. As previously discussed, the second quarter growth rate was impacted by significant new customer implementation revenue in Brazil, Europe and Asia Pac in Q2 ’08. We anticipate international revenue growth to accelerate in the second half of 2009 driven by new customer implementations including the Bradesco portfolio conversion and organic account growth. International EBITDA increased over 29% compared with prior year and more than 57% in constant currency. The EBITDA margin expanded by 550 basis points on a reported basis and 610 basis points in constant currency. Accounting for the severance adjustment I previously mentioned, international margins expanded by 360 basis points. Our payment solutions products in credit, debit and item processing contributed to the margin growth while financial services was down modestly primarily due to lower software sales.  Slide 12 provides additional insight in to our foreign currency exposure. Compared to the same period in the prior year, the Euro declined approximately 13% while the Brazilian [Real] and the Sterling declined approximately 20%. Our exposure to each major currency is illustrated by the pie chart at the bottom of the page. The chart on the right depicts the negative currency comparisons we have experienced over the past several quarters. We expect the negative currency impact to continue through the third quarter with more normalized comparisons beginning in Q4. Please turn to Slide 13 for a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings. Second quarter adjusted net earnings totaled $80 million or $0.42 per diluted share compared to $0.34 in the 2008 quarter. As I mentioned earlier, currency negatively impacted earnings by about $0.01 in the quarter which offset a comparable non-operating currency transaction adjustment. As indicated, adjusted net earnings include after tax purchase amortization of $19 million and about $1 million of after tax M&A costs. These costs were significantly higher last year as a result of the spinoff of LPS and other related restructurings I previously mentioned. The effective tax rate was 34.5% in Q2 ’09 compared to 32% in the prior year and our average shares outstanding were 192.7 million. As shown on Slide 14, free cash flow improved significantly to $125 million. The increase was driven by higher earnings and improved working capital management and we achieved some onetime benefits in accounts payable through more effective management of vendor payment terms. Receivables collections included $23 million related to the former Certegy Australia business. To date we have collected $83 million since the sale of the business in October of last year and have $41 million remaining to be collected at June 30th. Capital expenditures totaled $51 million in the quarter and were comparable to Q2 ’08. The balance sheet strengthened in the quarter as we further delevered. Uses of cash included $26 million in scheduled payments on the Term A debt and $141 million reduction in the revolver balance. We also paid $10 million in shareholder dividends and cash and cash equivalents totaled $228 million at June 30th.  Turning to Slide 15, we had $2.3 billion in debt outstanding at quarter end including $1.9 billion on the Term A facility and $330 million drawn against the $900 million revolver. Approximately $2.1 billion or 92% of our debt has been swapped at fixed rates with the balance floating against LIBOR. The effective interest rate including swaps and amortization of debt issuance costs was 5.5% at quarter end. We have swaps expiring in the fourth quarter and expect to enter in to new swap agreements after the completion of the deal with Metavante.  We are evaluating various fixed/floating alternatives but do expect a $0.01 benefit in the fourth quarter which we have factored in to our revised guidance which is summarized on Slide 16. On a consolidated basis our outlook assumes revenue growth for the year to be slightly positive in constant currency and down slightly compared to prior year on a reported basis. We have several significant software and professional services deals in progress and if we are able to close these prior to the end of the year we would expect upside to our revised guidance.  However, based on the difficulty in predicting customer decision making around discretionary purchases, we think it’s prudent at this time to maintain a more conservative view for the balance of the year. As a reminder, regarding calendarization of our revised guidance, we face difficult third quarter comparisons in our financial solutions segment due to particularly strong software and professional services sales in Q3 ’08. We also face difficult third quarter comparisons in payment solutions relating to a $6 million interchange adjustment and strong card marketing revenue recognized in Q3 ’08 that is not expected to recur this year.  Consequently, third quarter revenue in our domestic segments will likely decline year-over-year before picking back up in Q4. As I mentioned earlier we expect international revenue growth to accelerate beginning in Q3 and expect full year international growth to be around 10% on a constant currency basis and flat for the year on a reported basis. Our original EBTIDA margin improvement was targeted at 50 to 100 basis points. Despite the flattening of revenue, we now expect revenue improvement to exceed 150 basis points this year.  We will also exceed the upper end of our cash flow guidance of $430 million and expect adjusted earnings per share of $1.71 to $1.75 for the full year 2009 with the upside to prior guidance more heavily skewed to the fourth quarter due to higher operating leverage and lower interest costs. The ongoing and proactive discipline over expense and capital management that we’ve maintained for the past several quarters has enabled us to produce expanding margins and consistently strong profitability in a challenging environment and positions us for even greater success when the markets normalize as they inevitably will. That concludes our prepared remarks for FIS. Operator, we will now open the line for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David J. Koning – Baird Equity Research.
David J. Koning – Baird Equity Research: I guess first of all just on the financial solutions versus payments, you did a great job kind of laying out the headwinds in Q3 and then how they’d get a little better in Q4. I’m just wondering if this year and even as we look in the future do you expect both of those segments to look about the same from a growth profile? Or, maybe you can talk a little bit about the puts and takes?
Lee A. Kennedy : Dave, I would say that as we look forward we would anticipate that the payments part of our business would have faster growth characteristics and the financial solution segment would have a little bit more lumpier story. The software sales this year have been a challenge as you can imagine, we’re down about 30% year-over-year and yet we’ve been able to expand margins despite the loss of that most profitable part of our business. We know from the pipeline that there are deals in the future, it’s just the delays in getting customers to the finish line have compressed revenue growth. But, we know over time that part of our business will come back along with the professional services and so we think we can resume a normalized level of growth. The payment side though I would expect to grow faster on average. 
George P. Scanlon : I think payment will be aided by the strong growth in debit. We had really good growth for the quarter, we expect that to continue on and also the conversion of some of the accounts in Brazil which will add to that on the international side anyways. So, I think those factors will push payment at a faster rate than what you see on the financial services side.
David J. Koning – Baird Equity Research: Just one other question, if that was a challenge, kind of how to adjust numbers after guidance gets raised so meaningfully to the out year and I know you don’t want to comment much on 2010 by any means yet but my one question I guess around that is this year it seems like license was obviously very weak so it seems like the comp gets easier in 2010 and fx gets a little easier too, are those kind of the two main comps that do get a lot easier in 2010 or is there anything else happening this year that you would expect to get a lot easier in to 2010?
Lee A. Kennedy : I think the product lines that are more discretionary get easier going forward. If you look at our software sales year-to-date they’ve been very weak. We don’t expect that to continue in to 2010 so we’re going to get some natural lift just from institutions that have delayed decisions really jumping in the fray and implementing new capabilities so I’d say discretionary nature you’ll see the improvement there.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co, Inc.
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co, Inc.: I guess I just want to get more clarity and color on the order of magnitude of the margin ramp, that seems to be the story of the quarter especially in light of the software sales being as weak as you talked about, I think George said down 30% year-over-year. Did you take sort of extraordinary cost efforts? Were there more layoffs? I’m just trying to get some understanding of how you sort of achieved the margin ramp that you did in the quarter because it was certainly beyond anyone’s expectations I think.
Lee A. Kennedy : Well, in preparation of what we thought would kind of be a weak year, remainder of the year, we took actions earlier in the year to take out expense. So, yes there were cost reductions and headcount reductions but a lot of it is also being driven by the efficiencies that are being generated through the consolidation of various operation organizations. Our development organization is now operating on a combined basis so we’ve eliminated a lot of the duplicate development efforts that we’ve had in that past. We have much more capacity and flow through and efficiency in our call centers as we brought additional volumes from other parts of the company in to those call centers. We’re seeing a significant lift on the technology side of the business. [Rom Charey], you heads up our technology has done a phenomenal job in taking out expense in that piece of the organization not only by better utilization of mainframes and our server environment and also a mid range platform but by more cost effective negotiation of the various maintenance agreements and licenses that we operate under. It’s really been a series of initiatives that started really last year that are producing really good strong results this year aided by some very aggressive cost management starting early at the end of the first quarter through the second quarter to make sure that we actually achieved the financial results that we communicated to the market or better.
George P. Scanlon : I think if you look at it we were preemptive really about a year ago in taking costs out in anticipation of what we thought would be a softer revenue environment which materialized. Coming in to the year we really felt the same way so I’d say it’s really an ongoing effort by everybody to really tighten up spending whether it’s no the expense side or whether it’s on the capital side. We’re seeing the benefits in the cash flow and trying to lower our run rate going forward so that when revenue does come back we’ll get in an even better margin pop.
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co, Inc.: Then Lee if you could just broadly talk about the spending environment by the bank customers, what pipeline activity looks like, any loosening of the purse strings or just a really uncertain environment still?
Lee A. Kennedy : I think it’s still somewhat uncertain and we’re cautious about the environment at least for the remainder of the year. The areas of spending that are being held back all center around software sales and the more discretionary products that they might by from our company including hardware sales or hardware refits that we provide to institutions. I think that will continue on at least through the end of the year. As far as the sales pipeline, it’s as strong and robust as we’ve ever seen it. Without question leading in to next year we’re confident that our number of deals that we currently have under way or that we’re in the process of negotiating will close and produce some really strong benefit next year. There are at least five direct banks that are being organized or launched by financial services companies that we’re right in the middle of.  We hope to expect to close some of those later on in the year and others as we approach next year. So, I think it’s still the same story that we communicated in the first quarter. Cautious, they’re not spending a lot right now, they’re waiting until the financial strength of the bank improves and once that does I think we’re going to be in really good shape going forward.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: A quick just detail a little bit follow up on the last call, can you characterize big versus small or however you want to sort of characterize different size banks in the way the sales conversations are going and I’m not sure who best to answer that?
Lee A. Kennedy : Well, I think the hold back has been more on the end of the larger banks that is looking at acquiring or purchasing professional service work from us or new software licenses. The smaller bank actually the spending is pretty robust, it’s pretty decent, it’s not at great levels but it certainly isn’t at the level of the larger banks. So, more caution I would say at the upper end of the market than the lower end of the market. We’re still cross selling a lot of our payment products in to our core customer base. That hasn’t dropped off significantly, it’s been a little bit of a down tick but not significant so I would say more skewed towards the upper end and the higher end of the mid market range that we service.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: The second question is it sounds like you feel good about international revenue in the second half of the year even on a constant currency basis. It’s a little bit lower than where you guys were before but even looking out in the 2010, do you still have the same amount of confidence saying that’s really going to be the market to grow a lot more quickly even beyond the Brazil deal, maybe core in Europe? Can you talk about anything like that as you look at your pipeline?
George P. Scanlon : I think we remain optimistic about international. Brett, when you think about it we’re covering several continents and multiple countries so there’s lots of opportunities to sell. We’re seeing an increasing propensity to outsource and so we’re engaged in more conversations particularly in Europe. The pipelines for international remains strong. Obviously getting Bradesco fully converted will start to normalize the operations for that joint venture and we should see margin expansion along with that. The European markets seem to be less adversely impacted to date than what we’ve seen domestically. So, we’re encouraged by our outlook longer term for international and we think it will remain the fastest growing part of our business.
Lee A. Kennedy : Without question we think that.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: One last quick question, it sounds like the expenses we’re seeing now are a combination of things started in ’07 that you outlined and then even ’08 and even ’09. Do you see the same kind of layering over the next couple of years or are most of the expense saves that we’re seeing going to kind of taper off or is this continual kind of cost improvement that we should see over the next couple of years as well?
Lee A. Kennedy : I think you’re going to see a continuous improvement, it’s just not going to drop off. There’s still a lot of efficiencies to be gained even if the companies were to operate long term individually, there’s a lot of money that we believe we can take out of the core operations. But, the target and the real effort will be directly towards achieving the $260 million in cost synergies once we combine with Metavante. We’re very comfortable and confident that we’ll be able to achieve that number collectively.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: I wanted to ask about that, in financial solutions George I heard you mention the change in some of the allocation on the severance, can we look at it sequentially because it was a pretty big $11 million sequential step down in expenses within that segment. I just wanted to make sure that was a good base that we can use going forward?
George P. Scanlon : I think that is the base going forward Tien-Tsin. 
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: So nothing else unusual beyond that?
George P. Scanlon : No.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Just the compare from the prior year?
George P. Scanlon : That’s exactly right.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: So the cost reduction, it sounds like it’s pretty consistent with your plans. I guess a question I have, I’m not sure how you answer it but does the reduction in the cost here change at all to where the degree of difficulty and your ability to capture the cost synergies related to the Metavante deal because it does seem like a pretty large nominal improvement.
Lee A. Kennedy : Look, some of the cost take out that we’ve achieved will be directly related to the combination of the two companies that we had an opportunity to take out in advance of the combination. But, there’s also quite a bit of expense that’s directly related to the core operating part of our business also on a standalone basis. We’ll give you a complete reconciliation of it once we get the two companies together and we hold our investor day which hopefully will be sometime in November. So, we’ll give you that accounting but the number you should really focus on is $260 and we’ll achieve that.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Maybe if I can ask one more, just the impact of the new credit card legislation in particularly obviously for your card processing business, what kind of implications could that have in the near term and the long term? I suppose there could be some systems updates that need to be done to meet those deadlines?
Lee A. Kennedy : Well, we do have some system work which we started to work through. It’s not going to be material in nature and I think we have our arms around that. Some of the system work that we have to put in place will be shared with other customers that operate our software so the net expense to FIS will be a little bit lower than what we initially thought. The good news is that with the base that we service in the US is they’re primarily community institutions. They’re not exotic in the way they administer their card programs so in some cases there’s not as much risk associated with the changes because they really don’t go overboard they’re pretty benevolent in nature. So, we’ll keep you updated on it but it shouldn’t be something that our investor base should be concerned with. We’ll be able to complete that development work and will not have a material impact on the growth of the business or the expense base of the business in general.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Kraft – D. A. Davidson & Co.
John Kraft – D. A. Davidson & Co.: I wanted to just touch base on the change in your revenue portion of the guidance, that change in sentiment there. Is that simply those deals George that you talked about that were in the pipeline still but you didn’t expect them to sign, is that the difference there?
George P. Scanlon : I think that’s the principle difference John. We’ve got deals and the markets remain volatile and to get them finished and signed is just taking longer and so as I said, we see some potential upside really more in the fourth quarter if we can get these deals closed. We did see improving trends on the card side this quarter really both in debit and credit. I think the credit side remains negative but less so. One quarter is not an indication necessarily of a trend but it is encouraging to see the negative trends reverse so there’s some possible upside there as well. But, I’d say it’s principally related to our ability to get additional software sales and professional services deals done.
John Kraft – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Then just on that last point the credit, Q1 was down 5.4% and I thought you said Q2 was up 2.8%?
George P. Scanlon : No, it was actually down I think 2.8% but up 9.6% sequentially. So, we saw the negative year-over-year comparisons get less negative and the sequential comparison get much more favorable.
John Kraft – D. A. Davidson & Co.: How did those trends change month-to-month in Q2 for both debit and credit?
George P. Scanlon : We saw increasing improvement. June was the strongest month of the quarter and again, three months doesn’t make a trend but I think we’re more positive about the trend today than we were 90 days ago and hopefully we’ll feel that way 90 days from now. I would say John the consumer remains under pressure and unemployment continues to rise so we think realistically we’ve got a ways to work through the consumer spending part of the cycle and it will probably lag the decision making that the banks do on the software and professional services side.
John Kraft – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Just to clarify, the other income line the $5.5 million, what was that related to?
George P. Scanlon : That relates to dollar denominated notes we’ve got in Brazil and the fx effect in converting them so what I said was basically that pick up was offset by the loss of about $0.01 on the conversion of our international operations EBITDA so net/net it kind of washes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Greg Smith – Duncan-Williams, Inc.
Greg Smith – Duncan-Williams, Inc.: I’m just wondering if you can at all talk about any insight you may have in to why the Department of Justice did the second request and what they’re looking at and where they may be getting hung up?
Lee A. Kennedy : I don’t think they’re getting hung up I think Greg it has become more of a standard process that they’ve implemented with the change of the administration. They want to be very careful and prudent in what they do. We don’t expect any issues with it, we’re complying with it, we’re on schedule, we still expect to close the transaction in the fourth quarter. But, I think it’s become pretty much a standard or will be a standard in to the future especially with companies that center around banking in general. So, there’s nothing that we’ve seen that gives us any concern. We still feel very confident about it and hopefully in the fourth quarter we’ll be a combined company.
Greg Smith – Duncan-Williams, Inc.: Then in the past you guys have given some specific kind of revenues around the potential impact from bank failures that have been announced, we’ve certainly got some more since the last time you guys gave us any numbers, has anything changed significantly on that front?
Lee A. Kennedy : You know Greg it hasn’t, we still have less than 1% of our revenue base at risk and I think most of the accounts with banks that have failed are still processing with us, are still paying their bills so it’s insignificant so far so we’ll keep our fingers crossed but no material change.
Greg Smith – Duncan-Williams, Inc.: Then George you mentioned that it sounds like the swaps rolling off for you guys doing something with those swaps in the fourth quarter this year is going to add $0.01 but that kind of begs the question about 2010 you getting potentially quite a large benefit depending on what you do there. Any clarity you can provide because I don’t think that $0.01 implies annual run rate of $0.04 as far as how that could benefit you.
George P. Scanlon : That’s exactly right Greg, we’ll see more significant benefit in 2010. Essentially, we’ve got $1 billion of swaps expiring in October and $250 million expiring in December. As I said, we’re looking at the combined company’s debt position and the fixed variable mix we want to maintain. Obviously, there’s a bias towards going more variable today because of the yield curve and we’re weighing different swap lengths and we will see benefit in 2010.  Obviously as part of the guidance we provide you on the combined company we will give clarity in to our capital structure and the benefit we see next year. But, I would say it’s $1,250,000 that’s being repriced this year and then I think there’s another $850,000 that comes due in April. So effectively all that debt gets repriced and we’ll be picking up as you know additional debt in the Metavante transaction. They are 100% swapped right now on a fixed basis so it’s a bit of trying to manage through our outlook and the advisors that we’re talking with.
Greg Smith – Duncan-Williams, Inc.: When did their swaps expire?
George P. Scanlon : They actually go out I think until 2014. They’re longer term. They’ve got some that come due next year and so we’re trying to not preemptively make decisions until we get more certainly on the timing of the deal closing but when you add it altogether Greg your point is on that we will benefit 2010 by having a lower average interest costs. As we’ve talked about, the objective of the combined companies is to pay down debt so that should become a lower part of our cost structure.
Lee A. Kennedy : We’ll get you the number Greg once we get the negotiations done but it’s well north of $0.04.
Greg Smith – Duncan-Williams, Inc.: Then just one last one, if I can sneak it in, I think George you may have already mentioned this but what was the sequential percentage increase in your credit card and debit card volumes?
George P. Scanlon : It was 9.6 in credit card and 9.3 in debit.
Operator:  Your next question comes from James F. Kissane – Bank of America.
James F. Kissane – Bank of America: If you look at the international business that the revenue growth reaccelerates in the back half of the year will you continue to drive margins higher there? And also, kind of related will there be a step up in margins post Bradesco conversion?
George P. Scanlon : Jim, we achieved good margin growth this quarter, I would expect margin expansion to continue in Q3 and Q4. Clearly, we’ve got to get the Bradesco conversion completed and it will realistically take 90 to 120 days post conversion to stabilize the platform, the [mips] utilization which has a cost to it. So, as we look in to next year I would expect margins to continue to expand in 2010 in international and exceed what we did in 2009. We targeted I think coming in to the year getting in to the high teens in international, that remains our target and I think that’s achievable. 
Lee A. Kennedy : We should hit that target for sure in the fourth quarter. There is some seasonality involved and that gives you more leverage so we’ll hit that goal Jim.
James F. Kissane – Bank of America: Just on the $260 target with Metavante, have you eaten in to some of that or will that all be incremental?
Lee A. Kennedy : Some of the expense that we took out this quarter you can attribute or should attribute to synergy expense take out that we took out in preparation for the combination of the two companies. Again, we’ll give you a complete reconciliation of that but by no means was it a substantial portion or the majority portion of the leverage and the expense take out that we had in the business in the second quarter. 
George P. Scanlon : You may recall Jim that we announced the deal on April 1st and we had made an assumption of a July 1st close and obviously with the second request it extended it probably a quarter or so. I think both companies have been working together on organizational design and trying to get as much ahead of this as we can and obviously that’s the story we’ll tell post combination.
James F. Kissane – Bank of America: Just one last question, a detail question, billed payment growth George in the quarter did you give that?
George P. Scanlon : If you can just give me a second.
James F. Kissane – Bank of America: Lee, while you’re doing that, it sounds like some of the revenue compression in the back half is related to software and timing so it sounds like the impact on the bottom line could be disproportional if they do come through. 
Lee A. Kennedy : We’ve looked at that and we’re comfortable with what we’re going to have in terms of additional expense take out and leverage for the remain quarters so you shouldn’t view that as material or significantly impacting the profitability of the business. We missed software sales this quarter also that we had in prior quarters so it’s not something that just ramps up and starts.
George P. Scanlon : Jim bill payment growth was about 7% in the quarter. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Just one point of clarification, the 9.6 and 9.3 for credit and debit were those quarter-to-quarter or year-over-year numbers?
George P. Scanlon : That was sequential.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: And what are the annual comparisons on that?
George P. Scanlon : The year-over-year you mean?
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Yes.
George P. Scanlon : Credit was -2.8 and debit was 7.3.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Then just to go back to the commentary on the revenues and I apologize I had to switch over but I caught the tail end of what you were talking about on large banks versus small banks. Can you just rehash that because I think I heard you say that the big banks were holding back but the small banks were doing okay and I guess I’m just trying to understand what okay means for the small banks in terms of spend.
Lee A. Kennedy : I think most of the software purchases that we have with our customer base are driven through the large banks. The smaller banks generally don’t buy software from us, they outsource their processing to us. It’s a requirement really to operate the banks so you don’t see a lot of variability in the revenue stream that we generate from that segment. So really the vulnerability or the weakness is at the upper end of the market traditionally with larger institutions that would purchase software or programming services from us that are discretionary that they can push back and not materially affect the operation of the bank. That’s really the difference. Most of your products and services that a community bank offers as you know are outsourced to a third party and there’s not a lot of variability with that group and how they buy their services or whether they can just push services or delay them, they just can’t.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: So then you’re just kind of tied more to the sort of annual kind of volume trends depending on what they are right?
Lee A. Kennedy : That’s correct.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Looking ahead one of the bigger sort of topics here especially in the small or medium sized banks has been this kind of roll over from the consumer to the commercial side as we look at the exposure on commercial real estate, commercial credit etc., are you guys seeing any signs that that could add another level of constraint potentially with some of your smaller or medium sized banks that they decide this is something that they can’t afford to really deal with and therefore there’s not as much spending? Is that a part of what’s embedded sort of in the costs in the back half of the year here?
Lee A. Kennedy : No, it’s not. We don’t expect a material change from the first half to the second half with community banks so not that’s not factored in. We don’t think that will be a significant problem. Yes, there will be some banks that will be affected, community banks, but all-in-all by in large community banks are still doing relatively well and they’re still spending at a reasonably strong clip.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Roger S. Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton, Inc.
Roger S. Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton, Inc.: I guess I want to go back to the operating efficiency here again and make sure I understand this and I think you kind of just touched on this a little bit Lee but when you talk about the software and professional sales, when they come back in is there any difference in the operating or EBTIDA margins there compared to what we have on the recurring revenue basis or will that really just continue to improve?
Lee A. Kennedy : When the software purchases are made and they come back in they come on at very high margins so there’s going to be improvement in profitability and margins as those sales start to strengthen. So yes, you’ll get more leverage once they do come back on board.
Roger S. Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton, Inc.: So when they come back we should have even more increase in the margin expansion? 
Lee A. Kennedy : I think depending on the period that you look at. Keep in mind that software sales were traditionally lumpy so you might not see it on a consistent basis but when you do sign major accounts they’re going to come on strong. Last year we had a phenomenal year in terms of software sales, we sold close to 11 banks that had assets over $50 billion worldwide. We didn’t get that benefit this year but by no means are we saying that the demand isn’t there. It is there, they’re just pushing back and that will come back as the market improves.
Roger S. Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton, Inc.: That I guess is the second point I sort of want to understand, when we talk about the market improving and how long that might be because by the banks not doing this really I’m assuming that they end up being in a less competitive position because their product or what they’re doing just isn’t as good. Who ends up seeing that and like how would we as consumers of a bank notice that and how do we know that the banks can’t just sort of push this off for a longer period of time and try and make it work with that they have now?
Lee A. Kennedy : If their goal and objective is to cut costs and get rid of expense and become more efficient so they’re more profitable there are very few ways that they can accomplish that short of number one, raising prices to the consumer which obviously doesn’t work or putting in better technology so they can operate more efficiently. So yes, they can push it off for a period of time but many of the things that they’re pushing off directly impact the consumer if they’re not put in place. The ability to not offer new product capabilities and compete with the bank across the street, the ability of not being able to offer a competitive price on their products because their cost structure is too high, there is just a whole [inaudible] of things that will eventually catch up to the bank. I think you can look at it this way, it’s not that the banks – the banks have just cut their spending and they’re not going to be able to do that and survive on an ongoing basis. They have to improve their risk management systems to get profitability increases, they’ve got to improve their technology capabilities and they’ve got to be able to serve their customer and if they don’t do any of those three they’re going to deteriorate and they’re not going to grow going forward. Everything that we’ve seen and our conversations with our top tier banks is that sometime towards the end of the year as we roll in to next year we’ll see an improvement. That’s with the traditional larger tier bank. There’s a segment of banks that are going to purchase regardless of the economy and those are the new direct banks that are being formed by financial service companies and there is a number of those that we have under way that we’ll start to see drop towards the end of the year and in to next year. So, we still feel pretty good about it. They’re not going to be able to push this off forever without directly affecting the quality and health of the bank.
Roger S. Smith – Fox-Pitt Kelton, Inc.: I guess the last question just on the international and when I look at the margins there on a constant currency basis, the look like they were 17.1% in the quarter versus 16.5%. I guess what I want to know is when you talked about the guidance and the constant currency numbers being less impactful in 2010, would we then necessarily see an increase in that operating margin by 50 to 70 basis points, somewhere in that range from just a smoothing of the currency?
Lee A. Kennedy : I think what you’ll see Roger next year is maybe more of a normalization of the international margins as it gains more maturity particularly in Brazil. So, I think the margins should sequentially grow from the 17.1% that you referenced in your comment for the balance of the year and then I think as we get in to next year while there is some seasonality quarter-to-quarter I think we’ll see stronger margins in 2010 than we saw in 2009. So, we will see margin expansion overall.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse:  I got on the call a little bit late so just a couple of clarifications, how much George of the $260 million of the cost savings or synergies were realized this quarter?
George P. Scanlon : We’re not in a position to quantify that at this point Bryan. What we said earlier was that both companies have been working together in anticipation of the deal closing. The deal got delayed because of the Justice Department’s second request. We’re continuing to work on integration planning together and our anticipation at this point assuming we close reasonably early in the fourth quarter will be to host an analyst meeting in November and obviously give all of you a lot better insight in to our path to get the $260 accomplished.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: But some of that $260 will also be in the third quarter, this quarter upcoming?
George P. Scanlon : Some of it will be.
Lee A. Kennedy : Some of it will be and we’ll give you a complete bridge to what we took out that is synergy related to the $260 target.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: Then just on the revenues, the international constant currency revenue was flat and that’s been averaging double digit, I just wasn’t sure why it fell back to flat?
George P. Scanlon : Well, we had talked about this on the last quarter, we had several software deals and implementations in Asia Pac and Europe and then we had the ABN conversion that occurred down in Brazil so we had a disproportionately strong quarter last year that we said coming in to this quarter would be a tough grow over. I also said that I anticipated that double digit growth to resume in the third quarter.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: Then software sales I think were down 30%, did you say what professional services were down? Then maybe a total percent of revenue for software and professional services now?
George P. Scanlon : Well, professional services were down about 20% and that’s been consistent really both for the quarter and year-to-date so if you think about those two parts of our business, historically software has been about 4% of revenue so round numbers $120 to $130 million and professional services has been about 8% so you just double that. Those are the two parts of our business that are more discretionary and the parts where while the pipelines are there our conversion ability just hasn’t been there because of customers’ delays in making decisions. I said that’s where there maybe some potential upside in the fourth quarter if we’re able to get those deals across the finish line. I think what’s notable is that we achieved this margin expansion in the face of losing an amount of software revenue that contributes almost 100% incremental margin for each dollar of revenue. So, as we look forward and we get back to a more typical market, we think there’s a lot of margin opportunity when we start to get those deals done and still have the cost structure in place that we have.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: I’ll just ask Lee, any idea of when that more typical market might be? Fourth quarter, first quarter or is it just too early to call?
Lee A. Kennedy : You know what, we keep on seeming to move it back every six months but hopefully as we approach midyear next year, get in to the second quarter of next year I think we’re going to see some more material improvement. However, we will sign some of the larger deals we think again, in the fourth quarter and as we approach the first quarter of next year. So, they haven’t dried up completely we just haven’t gotten back to the normal rate of growth that we’ve experienced and enjoyed for the previous three years but we’ll get there.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Andrew W. Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Andrew W. Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: When you look at Metavante and some of the expense success that you’ve had can you talk about cost integration expenses? So you’ve referenced having taken out potentially some costs, has there been any incremental spend either expense or capitalized aimed at putting the two companies together? And, how would that kind of trend over the next few quarters is it a net decline or are you going to be able to parse that for us?
Lee A. Kennedy : Andrew I would say that there hasn’t been any meaningful incremental integration spending by FIS certainly, I can’t speak for Metavante, I don’t believe they’ve got it. We’ve both incurred transaction related fees which have been principally professional services based. We’ve incurred some severance in the quarter, we picked up north of $4 million of severance that we absorbed as part of the cost actions we took which is about $0.01 per share and they may have some of that as well but you’ve got to ask them about it. But, I think you’ll see more of that as the companies come together and we can more formally complete the integration that we’ve been talking about for some time now.
Andrew W. Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So would you envision having explicit integration expenses or does it all kind of get absorbed?
Lee A. Kennedy : There will be integration expense that we’ll separate from the core business and identify it so you can get your arms around it. We’ll be able to provide that sometime hopefully in October but there will definitely be integration expense and that points to severance and a number of different things, relocation some work on systems. We’ll have a lot of things that we’ll do on branding and things like that so we’ll get that bucketed and it will hopefully be short in duration and will not stretch out over a significant number of years. In most cases with major acquisitions we get through that within the first six to 12 months and we don’t expect anything different here so we’ll get that identified for you Andrew.
Andrew W. Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: As far as the long term growth trajectory of the business when we see a normalized spending environment, do you still think about the combined companies as being a 6% to 9% organic revenue growth business with operating leverage?
Lee A. Kennedy : I think we haven’t backed off from the 6% to 9%. Up until a significant down turn in the economy we were exceeding that. In fact, if you look at the last four years and look at the first three or so we beat it every year. We expect our competitive position to strengthen once we put the two companies together, that’s why we’re doing this. So yes, we think that’s achievable once we get back to a normalized environment because quite frankly Metavante and FIS have done that year in and year out so we don’t think anything will be different there.
Mary Waggoner :  Thanks everyone for joining us today. We’ll look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay after 8pm tonight through midnight Tuesday, August 11th. You may access the AT&T Executive playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 106703. International callers dial 320-365-3844 using the same access code 106703. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Mary Waggoner – Senior Vice President Investor Relations William P. Foley, II – Executive Chairman of the Board Lee A. Kennedy – President, Chief Executive Officer & Vice President George P. Scanlon – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan James Kissane - BAS-ML John Kraft - D. A. Davidson & Co. Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Wayne Johnson - Raymond James Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Fidelity National Information Services first quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to turn the conference over to our host, Mary Waggoner, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Waggoner:  Thank you, [Alex]. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.  With me are Executive Chairman Bill Foley, President and CEO Lee Kennedy, and Chief Financial Officer George Scanlon. The first quarter earnings release and supplemental slide presentation are available on our website, FidelityInfoServices.com.  As a reminder, our discussion will contain references to non-GAAP results in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachments to the press release. Today's discussion will also include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in today's press release and other filings with the SEC. The company expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the forward-looking statements, including guidance.  In addition to being recorded, today's call is being webcast and a replay will be available on our website shortly after the call. Telephone replay will also be available. The dial-in information is included in the press release and will also be provided at the end of this call. Now I will turn it over to our Executive Chairman, Bill Foley.
William P. Foley, II : Thanks, Mary.  FIS posted a solid first quarter result, with 19% growth in earnings per share, a 100 basis point improvement in margin, and strong free cash flow of $119 million. These results are particularly impressive in light of the persistent economic challenges.  As we discussed last quarter, we continue to monitor markets and our customers closely. Our management team is executing very well in the current environment and we believe that FIS will be well positioned to grow revenue and earnings as the economy regains strength.  Now I'd like to spend a few minutes to discuss our pending acquisition of Metavante. On April 1 we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Metavante in an all-stock transaction. The proposed combination is the result of a comprehensive analysis of the continued evolution of the financial services industry. As Lee discussed at the investor meeting, we believe that strong product capability, scale and broad market and geographic reach will become increasingly important in the future.  We have been very pleased with the favorable response from customers, shareholders and employees. The management team, which is comprised of executives from both companies, has strong depth, broad if industry experience, and a proven track record of achieving revenue and cost synergies from acquisitions.  The combination is subject to customary regulatory approval and approval by FIS and Metavante shareholders. We have completed the initial Hart-Scott-Rodino filing and expect to filed the preliminary proxy statement in early May. We expect to finalize the transaction early in the third quarter.  I will now turn the call over to Lee Kennedy, who will cover our first quarter results.
Lee A. Kennedy: Thanks very much, Bill, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. If you'll turn to Slide 4, we've included an agenda outlining the topics that we'll cover in today's call. I'll begin with a few additional comments regarding the Metavante acquisition, followed by a review of our first quarter results. I will conclude with an update of our outlook for 2009. George will follow with the financial report, then we'll open it up for your questions. As Bill mentioned, Metavante is a great strategic fit for our company which will generate significant value for shareholders, customers and employees. The combination will add critical scale and improved payment and core processing capabilities. In addition, it will create strong cross-sell opportunities in bill payment, network services, loyalty, software and professional services through the addition of 800 new leveragable core processing customers. Perhaps most importantly, the transaction will become accretive within a short period of time. We expect to generate approximately $260 million in cost savings through the elimination of duplicate corporate functions and the consolidation of technology, operating and sales organizations. Metavante and FIS have an excellent long-term track record of meeting or exceeding acquisition synergy targets and we are confident that we will achieve our $260 million goal. If you'll please turn to Slide 5, I'll cover first quarter operating results.  Our strong focus on improving operating efficiencies and disciplined cost management enabled FIS to achieve excellent double-digit earnings growth and free cash flow in the first quarter despite very difficult market conditions.  Adjusted earnings per share grew an impressive 19% to $0.31 on a reported basis, and increased 23% in constant currency.  First quarter free cash flow was $119 million, which was a significant improvement over the $5 million posted last year. Higher earnings, improved working capital management and a 42% reduction in CapEx contributed to the strong turnaround.  As illustrated on Slide 6, first quarter constant currency revenue was comparable to prior year. Excluding our check retail business, constant currency revenue increased approximately 2% [break in audio] to prior year.  Our International businesses generated strong double-digit earnings growth, offsetting a modest decline in Financial Solutions which was driven primarily by reduced software and professional service revenue. As we discussed on prior calls, the timing of software and professional service sales is difficult to predict, which can cause variability in quarterly revenue growth. In spite of lower software and professional service revenue, our pipeline remains full and we believe this segment will strengthen as we move throughout 2009. The decrease in Payment Solutions revenue was driven primarily by a $10 million decline in our check risk management business. Card transaction volumes were consistent with the trends reported in the fourth quarter. Debit transactions increased 4.5% compared to the first quarter of 2008, while credit transactions declined 5.4%, consistent with the fourth quarter. Overall, card transaction volumes increased 4%.  Bill payment services continued to generate strong double-digit growth.  As previously discussed, over the last 18 months we've investigated several strategic alternatives for our check risk management business. Although year-over-year declines in check usage have resulted in declining revenue for this business, this business still generates reasonable margins and good profitability. While we have received several offers for this business, none has been high enough to justify its divestiture. Until current market conditions improve and an acceptable offer is received we will continue to operate this business and concentrate on improving its financial performance. We will break out check on a stand-alone basis so that you can better understand the performance of our underlying core businesses. Turning to EBITDA, we have made significant progress in improving margins. The first quarter EBITDA margin increased to 22.7%, which is a 100 basis point improvement over prior year. This clearly demonstrates our ability to generate strong leverage with lower revenue growth. This marks the third consecutive quarter of 90 basis point plus improvement in year-over-year margins.  Although we expect challenging market conditions to persist throughout 2009, we are encouraged with April's new business sales and the increased level of sales pipeline activity.  Financial institutions are increasingly turning to third-party service providers to help them add product capability, reduce costs or improve customer service. Last week we finalized a new Profile core processing and Internet banking agreement with Scott Trade, a leading online brokerage firm. This is the sixth competitive profile win over the past 12 months. Earlier this month we announced that Alior Bank, which is the largest start-up bank in Poland's history, completed its installation of our Profile core banking platform in more than 100 branches across Poland. Profile's quickly becoming the system of choice for large direct and regional international banks throughout the world.  In summary, it was a solid quarter highlighted by strong growth in earnings, margins and free cash flow. Our management team and associates continue to do an excellent job in managing through a very difficult environment and we remain confident in our ability to achieve our original earnings growth and free cash flow objectives. We expect revenue growth to accelerate in the second half of the year, driven by increased software and professional services sales. George will provide more detail later in the call, but we expect overall growth rate for the year to come in at the lower end of our guidance range.  As we work towards finalizing the acquisition of Metavante, we remain excited about the enhanced product capability, scale and management depth that Metavante will add to our company. The new FIS will be a stronger, more competitive organization, better equipped to serve customers and to take advantage of the resurgence in bank technology spending as market conditions improve throughout the world. We look forward to updating you on our progress as we work through the regulatory integration and shareholder approval processes.  I'll now turn the call over to George, who will continue with our first quarter financial report.  George?
George P. Scanlon: Thank you, Lee, and good morning, everybody. I'll begin with Slide 8. As we discussed, consolidated revenue in the quarter totaled $798 million compared to $830 million in the prior period. The 3.9% decrease included unfavorable currency adjustments of $35 million. Revenue was slightly ahead of Q1 '08 when you exclude the impact of currency.  Consolidated EBITDA totaled $181 million, which included an unfavorable currency impact of $5 million, and held up relative to prior year despite the decline in reported revenue. As a result, the EBITDA margin actually expanded by 100 basis points to 22.7% driven by ongoing stringent cost control and improved operating efficiency.  Adjusted earnings totaled $0.31 per share and were negatively affected by about $0.01 for currency effects. Now if you turn to Slide 9, I will provide additional detail on our first quarter operating segment results.  As we described last quarter, our new reporting structure consists of three operating segments - Financial Solutions, Payment Solutions and International. Historical information recasting our 2008 results by quarter in this new format was previously provided in an 8-K filed on March 19th. As shown in the center column, Financial Solutions constituted 34% of reported revenue and 46% of EBITDA in Q-1 2009, Payment Solutions constituted 46% of reported revenue and 43% of EBITDA, and International constituted approximately 20% of reported revenue and 11% of EBITDA in the quarter.  Turning to Slide 10, Financial Solutions revenue totaled $271 million in Q1 2009 compared to $280 million in the prior year. Increased demand for risk management and technology outsourcing services was offset by lower software license and professional services revenue, as Lee referenced. Financial Solutions EBITDA declined by $3 million, but we held our margin percentage flat despite the change in product mix resulting from an $8 million reduction in high margin software license sales.  As shown on Slide 11, Payment Solutions revenue declined $9 million to $365 million in the quarter or 2.3% below prior year. The decrease was driven primarily by a $10 million or 15% decline in check services revenue as well as lower professional services and equipment sales. In addition, growth in debit processing, cardholder support services, and output solutions was offset by declines in prepaid, merchant and item processing activity.  Debit transactions increased approximately 5% compared to the prior quarter and this growth was reasonably balanced during the quarter. Credit card transactions declined by about 5% for the quarter, but we saw trends improve somewhat in March, although it is not apparent that the trend is sustainable or an indication of a reversal.  Payment Solutions EBITDA increased 11.5% to $95 million compared to $85 million in the prior period and the margin significantly improved by 320 basis points to 26.1% compared to [22.9%] in Q1 2008, indicating the leverage we have in this business. Increases in margin occurred in most of our payment product lines as a result of effective execution of cost control and improve operating efficiency.  Slide 12 summarizes the results of our check business and is once again provided to improve your understanding of our segment growth rates and overall company performance. Declining trends in check usage and weak retail sales resulted in a 15% reduction in retail check services revenue, although on a positive note we were able to keep margins flat through cost management actions. Excluding checks from both periods, payment service revenue was comparable to Q1 2008 and total company revenue on a constant currency basis grew 1.6%.  Turning to International, which is detailed on Slide 13, International revenue increased 11.5% in constant currency, excluding the $35 million unfavorable currency impact described earlier. New customer implementations and continued solid growth in the Brazil joint venture contributed to the increase. Approximately 1.3 million new cards were added to the JV during the quarter. We expect to complete the Bradesco conversion, which will add more than 10 million cards to our platform, in the third quarter. As of March 31st we are processing over 31 million cards in Brazil, including 24 million cards from our JV partners.  International EBITDA declined 8.6% to $23 million in the first quarter, including a $5 million unfavorable currency adjustment. EBITDA margin declined 10 basis points to 14.4% and was comparable to Q1 '08 on a constant currency basis. High margin new customer implementation revenue in Q1 '08 also impacted year-over-year growth rate and margin comparisons. Slide 14 provides additional insight into our foreign currency exposure. As you can see from the chart, the euro declined approximately 13% compared to the first quarter of 2008 while the Brazilian [pia] and the sterling declined more than 25% against the U.S. dollar. The pie chart at the bottom of the page depicts our exposure to each major currency. As you can see from the chart on the right, based on current FX rates the negative currency comparisons will continue through the third quarter of 2009 and then somewhat normalize in Q4.  In addition to currency, the second quarter comparisons will be difficult due to $8 million in high margin license revenue from customers in Thailand and Germany recognized in Q2 2008. As a result we expect our Q2 growth in the International segment to be low to mid single digit on a constant currency basis and then to resume double-digit growth in the second half of the year. Our overall guidance of 10% to 12% for the International segment remains intact.  Please turn to Slide 15 for a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings. First quarter adjusted net earnings totaled $59 million or $0.31 per diluted share compared to $0.26 in the 2008 quarter. As I mentioned earlier, currency negatively impacted earnings by $0.01 in the quarter. As indicated, adjusted net earnings excludes after-tax purchase amortization of $20 million and $5 million of after-tax M&A costs principally related to the Metavante transaction.  The effective tax rate was 34.5% in Q1 2009 compared to 33.1% in the 2008 quarter.  Average shares outstanding were 191.6 million.  As shown on Slide 16, free cash flow, which is defined as operating cash flow minus capital expenditures, improved significantly to $119 million. The increase was driven by higher earnings, continued focus on receivables collections and a $33 million reduction in capital expenditures. Cash flow also benefited from a $27 million reduction in other receivables related to the former Certegy Australia business. We have collected $60 million since the sale of that business in October of last year and have $56 million remaining to be collected at March 31st. Uses of cash in the quarter included $26 million in scheduled payments on the Term A facility and a $28 million reduction in the revolver balance. We also paid $10 million in shareholder dividends.  As of March 31st, the balance sheet strengthened as cash and cash equivalents totaled $272 million, an increase of $51 million since year end.  Turning to Slide 17, we had $2.5 billion in debt outstanding at quarter end, including just under $2 billion on the Term A facility and $471 million against the $900 million revolver. Approximately $2.1 billion or 86% of our debt has been swapped at fixed rates, with the balance floating against LIBOR. The effective interest rate, including swaps and amortization of debt issuance costs, was 5.2% at quarter end.  As we indicated in the press release, the overall earnings guidance for 2009 for FIS on a stand-alone basis remains unchanged at $1.60 to $1.66 per share. In addition, we continue to anticipate margin expansion of 50 to 100 basis points. We are on track to achieve our cash flow guidance of $410 to $430 million. The revenue environment will remain challenging and uneven, especially in the near term and our progress toward our revenue growth objectives will be biased toward the second half of the year, but we believe that the continued execution on our cost containment initiatives will help drive solid growth in margins and profitability. We will update fiscal 2009 guidance to include the acquisition of Metavante following the completion of the transaction. That concludes our prepared remarks for FIS. Alex, we will now open the line for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co..
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co.: I guess the first quarter, Lee, if you could just give a little bit more color on the environment and what you're seeing and sort of a little bit of more color on why the software and professional services were so weak and what you're seeing in terms of the pipeline opportunities going forward?
Lee A. Kennedy: I think to answer that question let's go back and take a look at what we actually saw last year. Last year, in spite of a very difficult economy, software sales actually increased 5% year-over-year and professional service revenue increased in the 6% to 7% range. And a lot of those sales took place towards the latter part of the year, which I think everyone will pretty much agree that the environment really weakened a little bit as we moved throughout the year. When you look at the shortfall that we had in the first quarter, it was on or around the $25 million range. And let me break it down for you so you see clearly where it came from.  About $5 to $7 million of that shortfall came from our check business, with more erosion and lower usage than what we actually anticipated when we put the plan together; $15 million came from lower professional services, and about $10 million came from software being lower than what we expected or what we had actually planned for. So if you add those two up, about $25 million were driven by fewer discretionary dollars being spent on software projects, not only domestically but also throughout the world. It's a very volatile segment of our business. It doesn’t come on evenly.  And I'll say this, that as we look at the quarter itself it strengthened somewhat as we moved towards the very end of the quarter and strengthened a little bit as we moved into April. So still the same type of volatility that we've seen in the past, all related to the spending that is more discretionary than not or discretionary in nature. So the environment really hasn't improved.  I can also add this comment, that our ability to sell software into the market is really governed to a large extent by the banks and how they feel in any given point in time. And I think what we've seen in the first quarter is it's remained very volatile. Spending has been driven by the news of the day or the event of the day. We're still not at the point in time that I would consider the market stable and secure and predictable. I think that will continue on through the year. I think there will be pressure on discretionary spending, but I think we'll look towards some improvement as we move into the second half.  Our pipelines are very, very strong. We had a number of deals that unfortunately we had planned on securing in the first quarter that did not come in that are large in nature, and it's our hope that we'll be able to sign those and secure those by the end of the year. So I think the same news as we've seen for the last few quarters, it remains and it's fairly weak around discretionary items.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co.:  And different direction, just sort of an update on what you've seen from the big bank consolidation. I know you guys have done a risk-weighted analysis the last couple of quarters suggesting it's sort of 0.5% and I've been actually a little bit surprised at how rapidly some of the big banks are making decisions to either consolidate, convert platforms, whatnot. I'm wondering if you could give us an update on what you're seeing there in terms of what may impact your business?
Lee A. Kennedy: I'd be glad to. As you know, we track there very carefully and very closely, and if you look at the incremental failures that have taken place this year, which were about 25 in number, our exposure is somewhere in the neighborhood of about $1.5 million in revenue so so far, either through failure or combination, we've kind of escaped any fallout or major fallout. And we're still in the $20 million range, $21 million range in terms of total exposure and that's if everything goes wrong. And we believe that won't be the case and we'll actually have some pick up with that, so we think we're pretty neutral. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc..
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Can you talk just a little bit about the layout of the thing that you're expecting to come on specifically as it relates - just a little more detail - on the card stuff, if you could update us a little bit more on that.  And then, Lee, you had mentioned that some deals had been pushed from 1Q out. Can you give us also whatever expectations you have that are built into the guidance on that?
Lee A. Kennedy: We have roughly three or four major deals that we're currently working on. A couple of them are very similar to the Scott Trade deal that we secured in the first quarter. We have one International large software license that's also pending. And it remains to be seen when they'll be finalized, but we're projecting somewhere in the second half of the year. So we haven't really seen a slowdown, again, in the pipeline. The activity levels are still very high. It's anyone's guess right now on when the timing is going to be precisely, but we do expect that these deals will come onboard in the latter part and they'll help the growth in the latter part of the year.
George P. Scanlon: Brett, on the International side, the Bradesco card conversion, which, as we said, will happen in the third quarter, will add incremental revenue this year along with some additional services. So we've got reasonable visibility. I think where the challenge is is trying to predict the timing of closing some of these software deals. It's just in this environment it's very challenging with any precision to predict those and we saw some of those slip in Q1 and our sales guys are saying there's more deliberation on the customer side in coming around to making the decision. So that will continue to add some quarter to quarter variability.  As we look at the pipeline, we saw some strengthening and firming up in April, but having said that, it's still trying to get across the finish line that remains a challenge.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc..
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: If you could break out at all kind of the old segmentation, kind of what IFS did and what enterprise did or maybe just directionally kind of how the big banks trended relative to the smaller banks. 
George P. Scanlon: Yes, David, as you know, we changed our reporting and no longer track our business along those older segments because honestly we don't manage it that way.
Lee A. Kennedy: I think if you want to look at big banks versus small banks, they were pretty consistent with the core processing services that we provide. The volatility really came with the larger institutions in terms of software purchases and that's where the variability's been. But there hasn't really been a big change or a significant change in the trend rates or the parity between the two types of customer bases. They're still very solid.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  And I guess secondly, you talked about in the second quarter International having a little bit of a tough comp and the expectation of low to mid single digit organic constant currency growth. To me it looks like that would still mean up about $10 to $15 million sequentially and I'm wondering, given Bradesco doesn't come on until Q3, what gives you the confidence of the sequential growth in International?
Lee A. Kennedy: I think it's continued expansion in our Brazilian business principally. And the European businesses remain very solid; it's just we had a couple of deals last year that are going to make the trends difficult. So what I want to make sure you guys don't do is misinterpret a reported growth rate as being a larger issue than it is, because it's not. As we look to the second half of the year, our pipelines in Europe, our activity down in Brazil, we feel very good about that. It's just you're going to see some unevenness in Q2 and I'm trying to give you a heads up not to be surprised by that.  But it's more a reflection of the tougher comp year-over-year. You know, when you have $8 million of software deals that go straight to the bottom line, it makes it challenging to overcome. So that's how I think we're going to end up.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  In Payments it was about flat year-over-year ex check and you did a nice job outlining the puts and takes. I'm wondering when do you expect that to return to growth mode, kind of as your anniversary some of this stuff or as trends, maybe you've seen some things get a little better? Just wondering what quarter we might start seeing growth again?
Lee A. Kennedy: Well, part of that depends on whether the environment further deteriorates. As I said, on the credit card side we actually saw improvement in March but it kind of regressed a little in April, so I'm reluctant to say that the worst is behind us. Clearly we started to see the slowdown in Q4, so I think by then we'll certainly have more favorability in our comps.  Some of the businesses that detracted from growth in the Payments, for example, our item processing business was down 15% year-over-year. And that's a business that will be a low-growth business for us, but it tends to overshadow some of the progress we made in debit, for example, where we had a pretty good quarter. So we're working through the pipeline, seeing if we can get some item processing deals closed. It on average is a lower margin business so it depresses the overall payments margins, but it's still a very good business. It's just we found that there's been some softening in that one in particular. Credit card actually on an aggregate basis was up in revenue year-over-year despite the 5% reduction in transactions. So there are a lot of good things happening. It's just the consumer environment remains difficult. Unemployment is going to increase. So we're not anticipating any significant change over the next couple of quarters, but by Q4 I think the comps do get a little better. 
George P. Scanlon: Yes, I think it's just safe to say the big driver of that decline, our weakness, was really item processing or check processing, which is consumer oriented or consumer related, so that's the one that really pulled us down.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Now that we have the three segments and we know that the International revenues are expected to be 10 to 12 in constant currency for 2009, I was hoping to get some color on the constant currency guidance for the Financial and Payment segments this year. 
George P. Scanlon: You mean within the International segment?
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  No, no, I'm sorry, just the separate segments.
George P. Scanlon: I think what we've said at the onset of the year was for those two segments was low single digit. And I think based on the guidance Lee gave it's going to be a flattish year in those segments. Part of it is overcoming, obviously, the Q1 results. So as we look at the balance of the year, we're expecting strengthening Q on Q through the end of the year, but I think overall you're going to see flattish to modest growth in each of those segments.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  I would have thought the Payment segment would grow faster than the financial, but that's not going to be the case?
George P. Scanlon: Well, I say, Bryan, it's all relative, you know? What I'm saying is if you're talking about a couple percent on one and 1% on the other, that's twice as fast. We just came into this year in the aggregated businesses that are in our Payments business that we didn't anticipate significant growth.  Now if we decompose that a bit and we look at the check business specifically - because I think you have to carve that out and my discussion about low single digit and flattish included check - you know, we saw a 15% decline in Q1, we saw a 17% decline in Q4. I think in the 10% plus range is probably directionally for the balance of the year what I would expect. It's a market decline and it's sensitive to the retail spending environment.  So if we take that out - and I think we reported modest growth in Payments this quarter - I would still say low, low single digit growth based on the environment. 
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  And then on the Financial Solutions segment, where the software and professional services revenues, I think that's mostly some of the shortfall that you guys described, what percentage of revenue is software and then separately professional services? And then do you guys have some expectations for growth this year? I know they both grew actually pretty impressively last year, so what are you expecting for those segments on growth this year?
George P. Scanlon: I'd say that if you look in totality, Bryan, across the company software represents roughly 4% of revenue - call it $120 - $130 million - and professional services is about 8%. And those are the discretionary items that are in our product portfolio and they tend to be more weighted toward the Financial segment and the International segment.  I mentioned that we were down $8 million in the Financial Solutions segment this quarter, which is significant on a percentage basis. We don't break out software by individual segment. But that $8 million also drops to the bottom line, which is why I wanted to make the point that the EBITDA margins held up pretty well considering we effectively lost $8 million of EBITDA as well. So the cost efficiency on the Financial Solutions side isn't as apparent in the numbers as it was on the Payment side because we were able to overcome that shortfall in software.  I think that's the most volatile and difficult part of our business to predict. We've got, as Lee said, large deals in the pipeline. The challenge is twofold - keeping them large and getting them done. And what we find is customers are looking at phasing projects, so they're not willing to commit to projects maybe in the tens of millions, but they're looking at an initial breakdown of maybe between $5 and $10 million is what they're committing to. So it's just a difficult software environment and if we could get to what we did last year, that would be, I think, a good year.
Lee A. Kennedy: The deals that we currently have in the pipeline range anywhere from a minimum of $5 million up to as high as $50 million, so one large deal shores up the gap completely. It'll remain volatile, Bryan, until we move throughout the year. 
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  Okay, and then to hit the low end of the revenue guidance that you guys are suggesting, the software and professional services need to be flat, slightly up or how do we think about that?
George P. Scanlon: Well, I would say to get to that low end they could be down a little year-on-year but not down at the percentage that we saw in Q1. I mean, it's just a meaningful part of our business and a meaningful earnings contributor, and our expectation is that it does improve throughout the year, not necessarily because of the market environment getting better, because we're not assuming that it will. It's more based on where the deals are in our pipeline and our expectations based on feedback from customers of when we think we can close them.  But again, I'll reiterate caution in that side because it's hard to get customer to pull the trigger and we saw some evidence of that in Q1. 
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse:  Okay, and then just finally from me, the EBITDA expansion, I guess I was under the impression that the growth would come from International segment. This quarter it came from the Payments segment. Could you give us a little bit of color on did that reverse or should we see kind of a similar EBITDA expansion in this segment that we saw going forward?
George P. Scanlon: What I would say, Bryan, is the International EBITDA margins will expand sequentially. And I don't think you'll see the dramatic improvement in Payment that we saw this quarter, but our expectation is for all the segments that we'll see margin expansion because of the cost actions that we took last quarter; we continue to focus on cost this year. We know that's the one part of our business we have full control over, along with capital spending, and so we're doing what we can to control our destiny. And as a result the 50 to 100 basis point margin expansion is something we remain very committed to despite the revenue environment that we're in. So I think we'll see it coming through.  On a relative basis International should contribute the most because we should get from the 14.5% range up to the higher teen range as we get into the third and fourth quarter. And we've got some, I think, more favorable comparisons in Q3 in some of our businesses as well. So Q2 will be challenging on the revenue side but I think will be better on the margin side in International, and then I think you'll see margin progression in Q3 and Q4 driven principally from Brazil.
Lee A. Kennedy: But the point is that margin expansion will take place in both businesses, both domestic and international. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: This is a follow up, I guess, on International. I think last quarter you mentioned that the backlog was about $80 million or so in local currency. Where does that stand today?
Lee A. Kennedy: Well, it's still in that range, Tien-Tsin, with Bradesco being a meaningful part of that, HPOS and we've got some Barclay's as well. So no real change to that outlook right now.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan:  And you still feel good about that closing, I guess, this year, converting this year, in particular, I guess, Bradesco?
Lee A. Kennedy: Both are on target, on schedule, and we still anticipate the conversion to remain on schedule. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan:  You mentioned item processing and gave detail there that was good to hear, the detail. I guess prepaid and merchant, I think I wrote that down as also being a little bit weaker. Can you describe that some more for us?
Lee A. Kennedy: Yes, it's really all consumer driven. That's what it is. It's very consistent with what MasterCard and Visa reported on the merchant side and it's very consistent with other providers on the prepaid card side. It's all discretionary in nature and consumers pulled back in the first quarter in making purchases. So we'll see how that tracks going forward; hopefully it improves throughout the remainder of the year. But the first quarter was particularly weak following a pretty bad Christmas season. And I think consumer sentiment in the first quarter wasn't strong. We think it's improved somewhat, so we're hopeful that will turnaround as we move forward. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan:  Okay, purely cyclical, wasn't related to client conversions or anything?
Lee A. Kennedy: Oh, no. No. No, not at all. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan:  Last one just on pricing, I guess. Are we still in this 1% to 2% pricing pressure?
Lee A. Kennedy: We're still in that range. It's concentrated with core. Debit card, as we said in the past, has always had a pretty significant or material price compression. That continues on. Nothing has really changed outside of those two trends that we cited, so 1% to 2% overall is still reasonable.
Operator:  Your next question comes from James Kissane - BAS-ML.
James Kissane - BAS-ML: Not to beat a dead horse but, if you look at the Payments business, what portion would you consider kind of long term growth businesses and what portion is more stable, low growth, maybe no growth, like item processing? 
Lee A. Kennedy: Jim, I think when you look at Payments - I think that's pretty much item processing - for the time being will be low growth, no growth unless we're able to convince larger institutions to outsource their check processing. And as volumes go down, there's more and more of an inclination of the larger bank to look at third-party alternatives. So I guess for the foreseeable future, weak, but certainly with a lot of potential as banks start to shed costs that are not costs that they consider to be strategically placed.  So when you look at the card processing business, the prepaid business, the debit card business, the loyalty business, and the bill payment business, all of them still have good strong runways and all of them have traditionally over the last several years exhibited pretty strong growth. I think the downturn in growth is going to be short in duration. It's going to consumer related and directly linked to the economic conditions that we're facing. Once we're through that I see no reason why debit card and the other products that I just cited won't continue to grow. To kind of look at the upside, even in spite of the downturn some of our Payment products are growing very, very well. Our bill payment product, the revenue stream grew 15% this quarter and that's likely not to stop and we hope to accelerate that going forward. So I think it's isolated to check. For the time being. check item processing and check processing - risk management are the two, Jim. 
James Kissane - BAS-ML:  And Lee, just following up on that, given the strong growth in bill payment, is that share gain, just organic growth from existing customers?
Lee A. Kennedy: It's a combination of both because our community banks are under penetrated and they're still adding clients and that's upping the core base revenue, but it's also being driven by some pretty significant share gain. We're doing very well in the community bank space. We're up close to 1,000 institutions on our bill payment systems currently. And if you look back over the last three to four years since we really entered that business and completed the development of our bill payment capabilities, we have been double-digit growth ever since we launched it, so we think that will continue. So it's both. 
James Kissane - BAS-ML:  And just, George, your outlook for CapEx? Given the Metavante deal, are you scaling back on your original CapEx plan?
George P. Scanlon: Well, you know, Jim, what I'd say is we had guided 5% to 7% as our target, you know, in the $210 million range. Our objective, setting aside the Metavante acquisition, would be to beat that number. As you saw in the first quarter, there's some timing involved but we had a strong first quarter in CapEx.  As we get into the integration planning with Metavante I think we're going to see opportunities on both sides to spend capital a little differently. We obviously haven't provided specific guidance in that area but I would anticipate that, if you took what we do and what they do that on a going forward basis, we'll be able to reduce that number. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Kraft - D. A. Davidson & Co..
John Kraft - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Just one question left and that is just a clarification, really, on the progression or the trend throughout the quarter in the Payments business. You did mention the debit, but on credit and bill pay and some of the other areas, can you clarify kind of the progression you saw throughout the quarter? The reason I'm asking is Metavante was pretty clear they saw an acceleration throughout the quarter with their Payments businesses.
Lee A. Kennedy: Yes, I think as I recall from the Metavante call they said that January was a disaster, but they saw strength return in February and March. Just to clarify, on the debit side we saw pretty consistent 5%-ish growth year-over-year month to month, so there was no real variability. On the credit card side, we saw weakness in the first couple of months. I'd say on a relative basis, a very, very strong March. The early April trends aren't indicating to be like March, which was close to flat year-over-year. And so, as I said, until we get a few more months under our belt, it's premature to say that there's any reversal in trend coming. I think it's going to remain difficult. And the timing for March could be related to Easter year-over-year. I really don't know.
John Kraft - D. A. Davidson & Co.:  And how about bill pay?
Lee A. Kennedy: Bill pay has been pretty consistent for the whole quarter. There wasn't any one point in time that it improved. It was pretty level.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Real quickly, if we look at the back half of the year, if you could just help us lay out in terms of cost levers what you guys are expecting to still sort of see as benefits to protect the margins assuming that the environment really doesn't improve from here. I heard you touch on a couple of things and I was just wondering if you wouldn't mind fleshing those out a little bit?
Lee A. Kennedy: Well, you know, I say that, Julio, we've got the benefit coming into this year from the cost takeouts last year, some residual [inaudible] benefit which we provided in our guidance earlier in the year. We're continuing to focus on our cost structure. We've had selective headcount reductions in 2009 based on trying to match our infrastructure with the revenue environment, and we're continuing to prune where we have to - a tough process to go through but, in the absence of a positive revenue environment, we know those are the things we have to do to deliver our earnings commitments. I would say nothing specific in the back half of the year. Clearly, assuming the Metavante transaction closes in the July, early August timeframe, we're going to together do things in combining the organizations that modify our respective cost structures. But obviously that hasn’t closed and so the things we're doing today are in contemplation of being a stand-alone company. 
George P. Scanlon: A number of the improvements, Julio, center around upgrades and changes in the way we deploy technology. There's a lot of cost takeout that remains to be had in getting more efficient in the way we utilize mainframes and the way we utilize shared midrange systems throughout the country, specifically on our check business. We're going to work towards getting that cost down by consolidating some of the processing into some of our regional hubs.  And there's other projects that center around that, too, so technology deployment is one. Development resources, we're still continuing to consolidate our technology organizations and work more efficiently in how we develop products. There's sales force reorganizations that are currently under way that are going to give us some lift. So there's really a wide range of cost takeout measures or efficiency improvement measures that we have ongoing that will start to take hold in the second half of the year. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  And then I think I heard outstanding say that you were expecting some improvement in the back half of the year, but it sounded like most of that was tied to the Bradesco revenue that was supposed to come on in the third quarter. Is that correct or was there something else that you were expecting to contribute to revenues?
George P. Scanlon: Well, I think it's just not as simple as Bradesco. There's organic growth in the Brazilian market that we're anticipating, so as it relates to Brazil specifically. As I said, we added 1 million cards this quarter so, despite the global economic conditions, the card business is growing down there very solidly. And the Bradesco opportunity creates that inflection point to take it to the 40 million card level. Beyond that, I think as we look at International we've got some deals that we expect to close in the second quarter that will roll into the second half of the year and we've got some annualization as well. So we're looking to second half improvement; last year we achieved that. We're not counting on the economy to get markedly better, but we've got to close some deals, too.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  So those second half improvement comments are specifically relegated to the International segment, not to the domestic businesses?
George P. Scanlon: Well, I think we'll see improvement in the domestic businesses as well. There's some seasonality. The first quarter tends to be our slowest quarter traditionally, so you have to factor that in. And the first quarter was a tough environment; I'm not sure it's going to get worse. As I said, in April - and I think Lee mentioned this as well - we saw some strengthening in the pipeline and we have to convert that pipeline. So that gives us some confidence in the future, but we've got to get deals closed here as well. You know, the overall guidance I think we gave coming into the year was 3% to 5%. We're maintaining the lower end of that guidance at 3% and that's really our view right now and that's what we're shooting for. There could be some potential upside if some big deals close. But, again, I think to hold to the 5% right now in the environment we're in would be probably unduly optimistic. So I think the 3% is a reasonable target.
Lee A. Kennedy: Original EPS, Julio, and everything else that we communicated, we're very comfortable with. So it's not an issue of achieving that; it's an issue of when we ramp up revenue and at what level it's going to come in at. So for the time being kind of think towards the lower end of our guidance range. If we get one or two software deals done that we don't have in the plan and we're not anticipating bringing in shortly, that'll change that completely and put us at the mid to potential even upper end. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  And then just as a point of clarification, the two pieces you gave that were discretionary, I think you said that professional services was about 8% of total revenue. Is that an annual number or was that for the quarter?
Lee A. Kennedy: That's an annual number, Julio.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs:  And then software, can you give me the number again there for the annual contribution from software?
Lee A. Kennedy:  Yes, it's 4%. You know, around $120 to $130 million.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Wayne Johnson - Raymond James.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: On the SG&A and R&D, it would seem to be tracking a little ahead of my model. How should we be thinking about those two metrics going forward for the remainder of the year?
George P. Scanlon: That's a great question, Wayne. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James:  And this is on a stand-alone basis, obviously, not including Metavante. 
George P. Scanlon: I know. And there's some things that come in through SG&A which create quarter to quarter volatility mainly on the corporate side, so we may have to handle that off - we don't tend to look at our operating model along the GAAP reported basis. We look at it on an EBITDA basis and hold the operations accountable for delivering on the margins and look at the D&A separately.  So the breakdown, you know, R&D's up a little because our CapEx is down in IDSW. 
Lee A. Kennedy: Why don't you take it offline and analyze it. 
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James:  Okay, I'll follow up offline. So cash flow really good and I heard this mentioned before, that you guys were looking for 5% to 7% kind of revenue for this year for CapEx and maybe you can beat that, but at the current run rate you'd be well ahead of that, so can you remind me the $410 - $430 million free cash flow guidance that you guys originally provided, does that include or exclude any payments from the Certegy Australia sale?
George P. Scanlon: That includes the payments from Certegy Australia. And I just want to make sure you don't simply annualize out Q1's cash flow. There are tax payments which can significantly affect the reported cash flow quarter to quarter. We I think did a very good job of collecting receivables this quarter, which I don't think is sustainable. So I think as you look to Q2, Q3, our reported cash flow will not be at this level, but will remain strong and we will get to that guidance that we gave coming into the year.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James:  And so how much in the first quarter did you guys collect from the Certegy Australia, if anything?
George P. Scanlon: We collected $27 million. We collected $33 million last years. So if you looked at our reported CapEx last year net of that $33 million, we would have been at $325 million, okay? And we've baked into the forecast this year I think around $50 - $55 million, maybe $60 million. So there's a little bit more to go. We've got about $50 million that will run into 2010, so I don't want you to bake into your models the full collection of that. We'll probably have 15 of that run into next year. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets: I'm wondering what if any deals are being pushed off until you close this Metavante transaction? I mean, you sound like you've got a nice pipeline, but if I was a bank I'd wait.
Lee A. Kennedy: I don’t think they're directly related to Metavante. We've had some questions on whether we're going to maintain and keep certain product capabilities and we've gotten through those, but they're just mainly concentrated to revolve around the current environment. Banks are just becoming very cautious and very deliberate in making decisions for large purchases. They're tending to segment some of those purchases and cut them into smaller purchases and do them in sequences or in bundles. So that's what's really driving it. It's nothing, I would say, that centers around Metavante in general.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  So no initial client discussions that are saying we want to take a smaller chunk today but a bigger chunk once you guys can put these two bohemic, you know, together. 
Lee A. Kennedy: I would say this: I would say that the overall response from our customer base on both sides have been very, very strong. In fact, proactively a number of the banks reached out as soon as we announced and wanted us to schedule time to come in and talk about some product capabilities that we've talked about in the past that they think with the combined company will be better suited for them and stronger in nature. So I'd say they're very enthusiastic about it. There's going to be, I think, a lot of opportunities that come about because of the combination. So overall just a really good approval and good response.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  Lee, can you remind me, you mentioned community banks, you've got about 1,000 institutions using bill pay. What percentage of just your overall client base is using bill pay today? I imagine that'll be one of the strong product sets that Metavante's bringing with it.
Lee A. Kennedy: Way less than 10% of our current client base is actually on our bill pay product, so there's a lot of untapped potential as we start to combine organizations and try to market to those untapped institutions.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  And just so I'm clear, the 3% to 5% year-over-year growth that you gave initially, that was constant currency growth.
Lee A. Kennedy: That's constant currency, Dan, that's right.
George P. Scanlon: So the 3% is on a constant currency basis. 
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  And then could you just remind me the percentage breakdown between Brazil and Europe in your International business?
Lee A. Kennedy: I think if you look at the pie chart on 14 it'll give you a sense of how that revenue breaks down. Brazil's about a third. 
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  With it jumping maybe incrementally when you bring on those 10 million cards?
Lee A. Kennedy: That's correct, Dan. Brazil's the fastest growing part of our International segment.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  And I would imagine the incremental margin benefit when you layer on those 10 million cards to your cost structure's going to be meaningful?
Lee A. Kennedy: Yes, that's why we have some confidence in that second half margin expansion in International.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  And the 60 basis point year-over-year decline in International margins this quarter on an operating basis, is that just FX related or was there something else?
George P. Scanlon: No, you know, it's principally product mix related. We had more software deals in International last year as well, and with almost a 100% margin on a software deal, it takes a lot of processing revenue to offset that. And that's really the difference this year.
Lee A. Kennedy: Yes, the core businesses maintained strength, so there wasn't any significant movement one way or the other, it was just software.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets:  And the cost takeouts that you guys are now really benefiting from, I just want to make sure I'm clear on this. The majority of those are going to be fixed cost takeouts, not variable cost takeouts. Is that correct?
George P. Scanlon: That's correct.
Lee A. Kennedy: That's right. That's where you get the big lift. 
Operator:  And, presenters, we have no other questions at this time. Please continue.
Mary Waggoner: Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. If you want to remain on the line, the operator will provide replay information and we'll look forward to taking any additional questions you may have. 
Operator:  And, ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11:30 a.m. today until May 13th at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 996633. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844 and again entering the access code of 996633.  That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-11 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Waggoner – Senior Vice President Investor Relations William P. Foley, II – Executive Chairman of the Board Lee A. Kennedy – President, Chief Executive Officer & Vice President George P. Scanlon – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse Securities James F. Kissane – Bank of America Securities David J. Koning – Robert W. Baird Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs Andrew W. Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan John Kraft – D. A. Davidson & Co. Wayne Johnson – Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc. [Paul Bartoi – PD Investment Research] 
Operator: Welcome to the FIS fourth quarter earnings call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode and later we will conduct a question and answer session with instructions being given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded and I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Mary Waggoner.
Mary Waggoner:  With me are Executive Chairman Bill Foley; President and CEO Lee Kennedy; and Chief Financial Officer George Scanlon. The fourth quarter earnings release and supplemental slide presentation can be found on our website www.FidelityInfoServices.com. As a reminder, our discussion will contain references to non-GAAP results in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in the attachment to the press release.  Today’s discussion will also include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as described in today’s press release and other filings with the SEC. The company expressly declaims any duty to update or revise the forward-looking statements including annual and quarterly guidance. In addition to being recorded, today’s call is being webcast and a replay will be available on our website shortly after the call. A telephone replay will also be available and the dial in information is included in today’s press release.  Now, I will turn the call over to our Executive Chairman Bill Foley.  BB It was a solid quarter and a very good year for FIS. Revenue growth, earnings and free cash flow exceeded our expectations and demonstrated the strength of our balanced business model, our products and our people. During 2008 we completed a series of initiatives aimed at building a more focused and efficient organization and enhancing our competitive position.  In July we successfully launched Lender Processing Services as a new public company. This spinoff has enabled management at both companies to better focus on their respective core operations. We also completed the sale of three non-strategic businesses including FIS Credit, Certegy Gaming Services and Check Australia. The disposition of these assets has freed up capital and has enabled us to improve our overall financial performance. During the past five years we have built the industry’s premier global core and payment processing company. Our diverse markets, unmatched product breadth and global reach have provided excellent opportunities to expand our footprint and further penetrate our customer base. These attributes have also mitigated downside risk against weakness in certain market segments and product lines.  We are very pleased with the consistent [inaudible] performance of FIS. While we feel very good about our business and the momentum we have going in to 2009, the economic challenges facing the financial industry are likely to persist for the foreseeable future. We are closely monitoring the markets and our customers and will continue to manage our company accordingly.  I will now turn the call over to Lee Kennedy who will cover our fourth quarter results.
Lee A. Kennedy : If you will turn to Slide Four, we’ve included an agenda outlining the topics that we will cover on today’s call. I will begin today’s prepared remarks with a summary of fourth quarter operating results. George will follow with the financial report and an overview of the new segment reporting that we will implement in the first quarter. We will conclude today’s call with our outlook for 2009 and then open it up for your questions. I’ll now cover fourth quarter operating results. It was another good quarter driven by strong solid results in each of our businesses. Fourth quarter revenue increased 4.3% in constant currency driven by 6.4% growth in IFS and 9.7% growth in international. EBS revenue increased 2.7% excluding our retail check risk management business. We are pleased with the progress that we have made in improving the quality of earnings and operating leverage of FIS. Consistent with this, the fourth quarter EBITDA margin increased to 26.3% which is a 90 basis point improvement over prior year and a 110 basis point improvement over the third quarter. Adjusted net earnings came in at $0.48 per diluted share which is a 41.2% increase over prior year. Fourth quarter earnings per share grew to $0.49 in constant currency which is a 44.1% increase over prior year. For the year, revenue increased 18% and adjusted EPS increased to $1.49 which is a 26.3% increase over prior year. These strong results met the upper end of our 2008 guidance. When we communicated our operating goals at the beginning of 2008, we discussed the stable recurring solid growth in professional services in 2008. Professional services revenue grew 6% in the fourth quarter and net of a large Bank of America TouchPoint project 7% year-over-year. While it is true that some banks reduced spending in 2008 for certain discretionary products and services, other continued to invest in new technologies to reduce operating costs, add new product capability and improve customer service.  Perhaps most encouraging, demand for our core processing systems remains strong. During the year, 10 banks with more than $50 billion in assets purchased FIS core processing systems. Despite the difficult environment, 2008 was a strong new sales year. Consistent with this, in the fourth quarter, one of Russia’s largest banks with assets of approximately $100 billion selected FIS to upgrade its core processing and channel delivery systems. The bank which asked not to be identified by name will install TouchPoint, Profile and Express over the next 12 to 24 months.  This competitive win follows a recent implementation of Profile and TouchPoint for Renaissance Capital which is one of Russia’s largest investment banking companies. In addition, one of the largest banks in the US which is an existing customer purchased an Express integration license in the fourth quarter. This was the second major FIS technology platform selected by the bank in the last two years. Our US and international sales pipeline remain full and we are encouraged with the strong interest in our payment and core processing products. These and other trends support our belief that even in difficult market conditions, financial institutions will continue to invest in new technologies and capabilities if their return is strong enough.  In 2008 our management team concentrated on achieving four primary objectives which were central to our business plan: increasing organic revenue growth; improving profitability; reducing capital expenditures; and improving free cash flow. The charts on pages five and six document the solid results achieved for each of these objectives and the comparative improvement over prior year. We’re especially pleased with the progress that we have made in improving FIS’ free cash flow. As shown on Slide Seven, FIS generated record free cash flow of $149 million in the fourth quarter and $358 million for the year which is more than double the free cash generated throughout 2007. Improved operating margins, the divestiture of non-strategic capital intensive businesses, more profitable product implementations and lower capital expenditures were the primary reasons for the strong improvement in free cash. Slide Seven also highlights the significant year-over-year and quarterly run rate improvements in cap ex. As illustrated, capital expenditures totaled $51 million in the fourth quarter which is a 16% improvement over 2007. Cap ex came in at $230 million for the full year which is $10 million better than the low end of our 2008 guidance and $43 million below 2007. The improvement in cap ex was driven by the more efficient use of development resources and the winding down or completion of several major strategic development initiatives including TouchPoint, Profile, Express, the new [Cordova] core processing platform and investments in hardware and software to improve operating efficiencies of our data centers. All of these strategic investments are starting to generate strong tangible results. In summary, it was a solid quarter and a very good year for our company. Our management team and associates have done a good job of managing through a very difficult environment to achieve the original growth objectives communicated to you at the beginning of 2008. We remain enthusiastic and confident with our future and the progress that we are making in strengthening our competitive position. I’ll now turn the call over to George who will continue with the financial report and provide an overview of the new reporting segments.
George P. Scanlon : If you turn to Slide Seven I will provide additional detail on our fourth quarter financial results. Consolidated revenues increased just under 1% to $862 million which included unfavorable currency adjustments in the quarter of $30 million. The fourth quarter growth rate was 4.3% assuming no change in currency compared to the prior period.  IFS revenue totaled $392 million which is a 6.4% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. Organic revenue growth for IFS exceeded 7% in the second half of 2008 compared to 4.7% in the first half through the solid growth in ePayments, new core processing customer implementations and higher equipment sales which constituted $11 million in Q4 ’08 compared with $5 million in Q4 ’07. Enterprise revenue decreased 2.4% to $282 million compared to $289 million in Q4 ’07 due to a $13 million decline in the retail check business. The check business declined 17% in the fourth quarter reflecting lower utilization and the impact of reduced consumer spending. Excluding check from both periods, EBS revenue increased 2.7% in the quarter and 21.9% for the year driven by higher processing, software license and maintenance revenue.  Turning to international which begins on Slide Eight, we have a growing international business which will be subject to variations in exchange rates and we believe the best way to evaluate performance is on a constant currency basis. In constant currency international revenue increased 9.7% in Q4 and grew 9.9% on a sequential basis. The Brazil card joint venture continues to be a significant contributor to international growth with 1.4 million new cards added during the quarter. At year end we were processing more than 30 million cards in Brazil including 22 million cards from our JV partners. In addition, new customer implementations in Europe including Barclays and HBOS, and modestly higher software sales contributed to the fourth quarter growth rate. As we guided last quarter, a significant strengthening of the dollar had a meaningful negative effect on our fourth quarter reported growth rate. The Euro declined approximately 9% compared to the fourth quarter 2007 while the Brazilian Real and the Sterling declined more than 20%.  The resulting $30 million impact of this drove a 5.4% decline in reported international revenue compared to Q4 ’07. This was the first quarter of the year in which currency had a negative impact. The pie chart provides additional insight in to our exposures to the major currencies based on the $177 million in revenues we reported in the fourth quarter of 2008.  Turning to Slide Nine, you will see that currency added $21 million or just under 1% to full year revenue growth. Currency negatively impacted Q4 earnings by $0.01 with no impact to full year earnings.  Moving on to EBITDA on Slide 10; consolidated EBITDA increased 4.3% to $227 million which included a $4 million negative currency impact. The 26.3% margin exceeded fourth quarter 2007 by 90 basis points and as Lee mentioned, improved sequentially by 110 basis points from 25.2% in Q3. The margin expansion was driven by leverage on new sales and ongoing efforts to reduce operating costs. Corporate and other EBTIDA which includes corporate overhead expense and our IT infrastructure totaled $8 million in the quarter comparable to Q4 ’07. The traditional corporate overhead expense included in this line was $27 million compared to $22 million in Q4 ’07 an increase due to higher stock option expense and incentive compensation. Please turn to Slide 11 for a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings. Fourth quarter adjusted net earnings totaled $91 million or $0.48 per diluted share compared to $0.34 in the 2007 quarter and $0.41 in the third quarter of 2008. As I mentioned earlier, currency negatively impacted earnings by $0.01 in the quarter. As indicated adjusted net earnings exclude after tax purchase amortization of $24 million in addition to an $18 million after tax impairment charge related to the Certegy check services trademark. During the quarter, we recorded an after tax impairment charge of $35 million or $0.18 per share in conjunction with the sale of the Australian check business and the ongoing declines in check volumes. Approximately half, or $0.09 per share is associated with the Australian business and recorded in discontinued operations while the remaining $0.09 per share is included in continuing operations.  The effective tax rate was 32% in Q4 ’08 and 33% for the year. The Q4 tax rate benefitted from the federal research and development tax credit and certain state tax planning strategies. The lower Q4 tax rate attributed $0.02 per share compared to Q3 and $0.03 compared to Q4 ’07. Average shares outstanding were 191.1 million. We did not repurchase any shares this quarter and have been out of the market since the second quarter.  As shown on Slide 12 free cash flow which is defined as operating cash flow minus capital expenditures improved significantly to $149 million in the quarter and $358 million or 124% of adjusted earnings for the full year. The increase was driven by higher earnings, improved working capital management including a $33 million reduction in receivables related to the former Certegy Australia business and lower capital expenditures.  Fourth quarter cap ex of $52 million declined $11 million compared to the prior year and is indicative of the run rate you should expect going forward. In fact, we have been at that run rate for the past three quarters. Total spend for the year was $230 million, a 16% decrease compared to 2007 and within our target of 5% to 7% of revenue. Capital efficiency has been enhanced to improve leverage of our infrastructure in more efficient equipment and labor utilization.  Our cash flow priorities center on reinvesting in the business, maintaining our dividend and reducing leverage. We paid $9 million in shareholder dividends in the quarter and made scheduled payments of $13 million on our Term A facility. We also reduced the revolver balance by $121 million.  Turning to Slide 13, at December 31st we had $221 million in cash and cash equivalents and $2.5 billion in debt including just under $2 billion outstanding on the Term A facility and $499 million against the $900 million revolver. Approximately $2.1 billion or 84% of our debt has been swapped at fixed rates with the balance floating against LIBOR. The effective interest rate including swaps and amortization of debt issuance cost was 5.1% at quarter end. Mandatory payments under the Term A facility increased from $52 million in 2008 to $105 million in 2009 and $210 million in 2010. Both the Term A and the revolving credit facilities are in place until January 2012.  Next, I will take a few minutes to review the new segment reporting which will be included in our Form 10K and will be the basis for future reporting. Please turn to Slide 14. Our rational behind the new segments is three fold: first to align our external reporting with the way we now manage the company; second, this new reporting structure will provide improved transparency in to our operating performance; and third, we believe it will provide the investment community with a better relative comparison of FIS to our peers.  You’ll see that the new reporting structure will consist of four segments: financial solutions which comprises approximately 34% of total revenue; payment solutions which comprises approximately 44% of total revenue; international at 22% of revenue; and corporate and other which includes corporate overhead expense and the domestic sales and marketing group. The major product lines assigned to each segment are highlighted under the respective headings. The next Slide on page 15 provides a bridge for 2008 between the previous reporting structure and the new segments. Our 10K for 2008 will be filed at the end of this month and will reflect the new segment disclosure and prior to the end of the first quarter we will furnish an 8K that recasts 2007 and 2008 by quarter in a new format to assist you in building your model. Finally, as you know customer utilization of checks is in a state of decline. In response to your inquiries about the impact of these trends on FIS, we have included additional disclosure which we believe will improve your understanding of our segment growth rates and overall company performance. Slide 16 summarizes the results of our retail check business for the quarter and full year.  Check services revenue declined 7.6% during 2008 and decelerated almost 17% in the fourth quarter as consumer spending slowed. The decrease negatively impacted EBS’ fourth quarter revenue growth by 510 basis points and consolidated revenue growth by 170 basis points. EBTIDA and earnings were affected to a lesser degree. To put check services in perspective, this business represents less than 8% of revenue and only 3% of total company EBITDA and will continue to become an increasingly smaller part of the FIS story as growth in our other businesses offset the contraction in check. Despite the declining market, we have a number of initiatives in 2009 to mitigate the downward pressure on revenue and margins but it will remain difficult to overcome the market trends. Now, we’ll move forward to the 2009 outlook. 
Lee A. Kennedy : You may recall that in last year’s first quarter call we expressed concern over the lengthening sales cycles for certain discretionary products and services. Anticipating somewhat lower revenue growth through the year we took immediate action to reduce costs to protect our earnings per share commitment and finished the year at the upper end of our EPS guidance range.  In other words we were able to achieve strong results in a difficult environment without lowering expectations through aggressive selling and disciplined cost management. The same challenging but manageable market conditions that persisted throughout 2008 will continue in to 2009. Our outlook for 2009 assumes that many of the economic and environmental factors that pressured 2008 will continue including additional strengthening of the dollar, moderate declines in consumer credit card activity and weak discretionary spending.  As a hedge to these difficult market conditions, it’s important to point out that our revenue base is highly diversified and not concentrated. Our largest customer accounts for approximately 2% of total revenue and our top 10 customers account for approximately 13%. We also believe that our comprehensive range of products and services, diverse markets and broad geographical reach help balance market risk and provide strong opportunities for growth.  We continue to project approximately $200 to $250 bank failures over the next few years offset to a large decree by lower institution attrition due to fewer acquisitions. To date, our potential exposure to bank failures and forced government actions is estimated at less than one half of 1% of revenues which is unchanged from the third quarter. This does not factor in any upside from potential license or professional service work associated with helping institutions integrate acquired assets. In spite of this challenging environment, we believe that FIS remains well positioned to generate strong operating results. We are confident that we will achieve sold year-over-year growth in EPS, free cash flow and profitability on somewhat lower revenue growth than in the past. Many of the sales, products and efficiency initiatives implemented in 2008 along with new ones planned for this year will help drive increased operating efficiencies and strong year-over-year improvements in margin and free cash flow.  In addition, the new organization structure which we implemented in late 2007 is generating stronger sales results. As illustrated on Slide 17 for 2009 we anticipate revenue growth of 3% to 5% in constant currency and 0% to 2% on a reported basis. We expect earnings per share of $1.60 to $1.66 which is a 7% to 11% increase over 2008 and a 10% to 14% increase in constant currency. We expect to generate strong free cash flow of $410 to $430 million which is a 17% improvement over 2008 driven by solid growth in earnings, ongoing efforts to reduce cap ex and continued tight management of working capital. We will use free cash to reduce debt to strengthen our balance sheet. We believe a strong balance sheet is important in today’s environment and provides greater flexibility to take advantage of opportunities that may surface in the future. I’ll now turn it back over to George who will provide more detail on 2009 guidance and then we’ll be ready to take your questions.
George P. Scanlon : Our 2008 cash flow of $358 million as we discussed earlier, included the collection of $33 million in Australian receivables. We are expecting our cash flow in 2009 to increase between 14% and 20% from between $410 million and $430 million which assumed collection of $50 million in Australian receivable. This strong performance is attributable to the same focus we had in 2008.  I’ll just quickly cover a few other key assumptions we wanted to add to our guidance. As indicated on Slide 18, we are targeting EBITDA margin improvement of between 50 and 100 basis points and expect the tax rate to be 34.5%. We’re not anticipating any dramatic increase in interest rate and shares should remain relatively flat as we are not assuming any buy backs for 2009.  If you turn to Slide 19, we provide our estimate of the impact of currency to revenue and EPS. As you can see we’re looking for solid revenue growth of 10% to 12% in constant currency for our international operations. On a reported basis, international revenue is likely to decline year-over-year, at least for the first three quarters based on our current exchange rate assumptions. We also estimate that currency will have a negative $0.04 impact to reported EPS.  Although we do not typically provide quarterly guidance we are making an exception for Q1 ’09 to assist you with [calendarization] and differences in fx. We expect first quarter reported revenue to range between $820 and $830 million and expected adjusted earnings per share of between $0.30 and $0.32. As has been the case in prior years, revenue, EBTIDA and EPS should ramp sequentially throughout the year. That concludes our prepared remarks for FIS. Operator we will now open the line for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse Securities.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse Securities: George, you talked about constant currency for international being at 10% to 12%, maybe a little bit of an uptick from the 9.7% reported, maybe you could just give us a little color on what’s in the pipeline and what could drive the acceleration there?
George P. Scanlon : Bryan I’d say certainly relative to what we reported in Q4, we actually had a tougher grow over year-over-year in Q4 related to a payment we received from one of our customers as a settlement for a delayed implementation so that actually benefitted Q4 ’07 by about $6 million. I think if you look at the growth rate with that factored in you end up back in the mid teens.  I think as we look to 2009 the 10% to 12% we feel is reasonable given the pipelines and given the overall economic environment. As Lee said, we’ve had success internationally in selling larger license deals to bigger banks and we’ve grown our card processing activity in Brazil pretty strongly. But, Europe and South America are not immune to what’s going on globally and so we think the 10% to 12% is a reasonable place to be. We’d like to hope for upside there obviously but that’s where we’re guiding right now.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse Securities: Any new contracts that will be coming on internationally that will help supplement the growth next year?
George P. Scanlon : Well, we had previously disclosed I think a $100 million number on earlier calls. With the exchange rate affect that number is closer to $80 million now. That would include the Bradesco conversion, Barclays, HBOS and some of the Asia Pac business that we sold that Lee referenced earlier.
Lee A. Kennedy : Bryan, there is also a number of deals that are currently in the pipeline that we expect to close over the next few months so that will also affect the margins and the profitability as we move throughout 2008.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse Securities: Then just finally for me, the EBITDA expansion of 50 to 100 basis points, can you just break that down a little bit? How much of that is restructuring versus eFunds, versus some other cost cuts?
George P. Scanlon : Bryan, as you’d expect it is a combination of those things. I think as we look to 2009 we’ve got some additional run rate benefit from some of the cost reductions that we took last year as well as incremental eFunds benefits. I’d say those aggregate to $25 to $30 million. The other manifestation of that is through lower cap ex. Our IDSW came down year-over-year as we took costs out that effectively was capitalized labor so we’re benefiting cash flow that way as well. I think the other side is we’re continuing to prune the organization in light of the economic environment and take those actions necessary to manage the cost size. International, we should see some margin expansion in ’09 as we layer in additional volumes and get the margins up from the low teens to the mid to high teens in 2009. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from James F. Kissane – Bank of America Securities.
James F. Kissane – Bank of America Securities: The software sales seem relatively strong in the quarter, could you possibly size it? And, I think you mentioned international benefited a little bit?
Lee A. Kennedy : Jim, that’s a great question. That was one of the areas that we early on in the year expressed concern over because we thought if there’s anything discretionary it’s going to boil down the center around software sales. About 50% of our software sales in general are what we consider to be highly discretionary and software accounts for about 5% of our total revenue base.  The surprising thing is that if you look at the success in the results that we generated in 2008 our software grew 5% year-over-year and that was all centered around some of the larger bank deals that I covered when I said we signed 10 institutions with asset bases over $50 billion. A lot of that came out, came through the international operations so we benefited from that but across the board, not only software but also professional service work was also very strong, 6% growth in the fourth quarter tagging along as a product or a byproduct of the software sale we pick up professional service work too. So, overall very strong results through aggressive selling.
James F. Kissane – Bank of America Securities: I think the new segment reporting is going to be much better going forward but given that you’re starting it George is it possible to give maybe the size of the discreet components? If you go back to I think it was Slide 14, the size of the discreet components say within the payment segment like retail, check, print and mail, item processing, credit card and ATM?
George P. Scanlon : Jim, I don’t think we’re prepared on this call to get down to that level of detail. We wanted to provide you insight in to the different products that exist within each segment. We, as you know, have not historically broken our revenues down to a product level and I don’t think we’re going to plan on doing that. 
Lee A. Kennedy : I think what we will do Jim is we’ll make sure that as we get the disclosures out and the filings out that we give you enough information that you can properly model and put your projections together. We’ll make sure that you’re not short on that and we’ll follow up with you individually. 
James F. Kissane – Bank of America Securities: One last question, Lee on the last call we sort of talked about processor consolidation. Do you think they’ll be any processor consolidation before there’s more stability in the bank customer base or do you think it can happen before that?
Lee A. Kennedy : Jim, I think that’s a hard call because transactions don’t always happen when you think they’re going to happen. At this point in time I’ll say that I do think that over the next year or two that there’s going to be further consolidation. I can’t give you specific names but I think the trends clearly point in that direction. So, I think it’s going to be ongoing Jim and it could happen sooner than later so we’ll have to wait and see what the market produces on that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David J. Koning – Robert W. Baird.
David J. Koning – Robert W. Baird: As we look in to ’09, you gave overall company guidance and a little bit on international but can we expect IFS to continue kind of in the ballpark of mid single and enterprise in the ballpark of flat?
George P. Scanlon : We’re going to be reporting differently in ’09 but I would say directionally IFS in low to mid digits in ’09 and EBS flattish excluding check is probably a reasonable outlook right now. We provided guidance for the international segment going forward. If you do the math on the other segments you’re going to look at low single digit growth on both the financial solutions side and the payment solutions side and I think that’s the right way to look at it.
Lee A. Kennedy : I’d say this and add to it, the sales momentum that we’ve had in IFS over the last couple of years hasn’t slowed down. It’s still very, very strong. An awful lot of activity coming from selling ancillary products in to our core processing customers and card processing customers and we expect that momentum to continue so yes, we ought to see it on or around the range that we’ve displayed or generated traditionally.
David J. Koning – Robert W. Baird: Secondly, free cash flow looks really strong. I guess the guidance, even if we take out the $50 million of Australia collections, it looks like it would still be $1.85 to $1.90 per share which is still a lot above cash EPS. Am I thinking about that right?
George P. Scanlon : You are Dave and I think again it’s a combination of things. It’s going to be the margin improvement that we’re targeting, continued focus on working capital and more specifically receivables collection and tightening up on cap ex. We continue to invest in our platforms and make sure that we’re enhancing functionality to maintain high customer satisfaction but we’re just really being very discretionary about what we capitalize and I think when you put those three together it adds to a pretty good cash flow story.
David J. Koning – Robert W. Baird: Then finally, as we look at your results and guidance and then last week some of your competitors as well, everybody put up guidance and outlooks that were pretty solid especially given the bank environment and the overall economy. I’m just wondering what happens when the economy and the bank environment improves? How much better can growth actually get? I mean, should we see 2% to 3% reacceleration? Do you see kind of pipelines out there that aren’t closing that all of a sudden revenue growth will be a lot better once the environment gets a little bit better?
Lee A. Kennedy : I think if you look at our traditional revenue growth that we’ve had over the last there years and plotted by each year you’ll see that it was probably two to three points, if not more, higher a couple of years ago than it is today. So, I think the answer to that is yes, I think there are a number of deals that have been held back just because of the economy in general and the fact is this, if the banks want to really compete in to the future they’ve got to find a way to lower their cost base and they’re not going to be able to easily do that without installing new technologies to allow that to happen. So, I think the answer is yes. The key to us and what we’re most pleased with is we’ve still been able to generate solid operating results with somewhat lower revenue growth and that’s a real benefit to have in this environment and that will improve as we go forward.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Really quickly can you just go back through how you – maybe I just misunderstood this but I thought you were trying to translate the growth assumptions in to ’09 under the old standards IFS, EBS, international in to the new reporting segments that you’re talking about with payments and international and the other segment that you have here. Could you just walk back through that real quick?
George P. Scanlon : What I said is that we did provide guidance of 10% to 12% for international and based on our overall guidance of 3% to 5% constant currency, when you do the math you’ll find that the balance of revenue on both the financial services or solutions side and the payments services side will come in low single digits is what we would look at for 2009. Now, obviously we’re cutting those segments differently than we did under the old IFS EBS definition which I’d say we would expect flattish EBS performance, negative performance in check and low to mid single digit in IFS somewhat dependent on the payment environment.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Then maybe thinking about the new segments, you gave us 34%, 44% and 22% revenue contributions. Can you give us a margin profile for each one of those segments as well please?
George P. Scanlon : We’ll be including that in our 10K disclosure Julio so you’ll be getting a lot more discussion about segment performance in the new reported way in the 10K. And, as I mentioned, we’ll provide additional detailed disclosure on a quarterly basis to give you better insight in to the margin trends and performance for these segments.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: You don’t have any annual view right now then?
George P. Scanlon : No.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Then, if I think about the business I think one of the things going back to your last analyst day and presentations, it seemed like the focus and the emphasis on the payment side of the business and not necessarily getting the same credit for having such a big contribution, almost 50% of your business, obviously you guys are breaking that out clearly now. How do we think about that as it relates to the margin opportunity?  In other words, does the payment part of your business really have potentially more margin leverage? As we kind of think about that going forward is it more scalable and is that something that we need to kind of get use to as we think about that business relative to international financial where there might not be as much margin leverage. Can you just talk a little bit about some of the margin drivers within the payment solutions and how that would sort of play out differently than financial or international?
George P. Scanlon : Sure. If I start with payment solutions and if you look at the five components of that segment, the margins on ATM, debit, bill pay, credit card and prepaid are very strong. So, this is a segment that’s got kind of a blending of higher margin activity on the transaction driven versus what I would say are lower margin products which include item processing, print and mail and obviously as we shared with you earlier retail check. So, the aggregate margins for payment will be lower than financial solutions because of the mix of revenue that’s included in that segment. On the international side as you can tell, we’ve got a mix of financial solutions and payment solutions. The payment solutions in international probably represent about two thirds of the revenue base. So, you do the math on that you get even greater payment concentration. That’s where I think as we’ve said from a company perspective we’ve got the most relative upside in margins and as we convert the remaining cards at Bradesco and get that to a steady state we’ll start to see more of a normalized margin coming out of Brazil and that should help the overall reported results for international.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: So just to get that clear, on the 2009 margin expectations how much of that is coming from international alone? In other words, are the Bradesco ramps or anything that’s going on in Brazil is that really behind us in ’09 or are you still seeing a little bit of margin headwind at this point?
George P. Scanlon : I would say I don’t know if it is headwind as much as it hasn’t reached the state that we expect I to reach when [inaudible] conversion. So, I would say it’s headwind at this point. What I did say is the margin expansion that we’re seeing will be a combination of continued focus on the cost side of the business and trying to lower our operating costs in combination with the benefits of incremental revenue growth with international being a little bit more biased in that area because of the backlog we have in the pipeline.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew W. Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Andrew W. Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Could you elaborate a little bit on the success you’ve had domestically in IFS? The share gains there have been pretty impressive and pretty consistent. Maybe if you could sort of touch on product by product if that’s appropriate and also sort of the extension as it relates to bill pay in particular. Is that an area where you feel like you’re having some outsized success competitively? 
Lee A. Kennedy : Let me answer the second question first. We’re starting to compete very effectively and very well on the bill payment side of the business not only with community banks and we signed a large number this year but, also in the mid tier market and hopefully stretching above that market. So, the answer is yes on what we think we can do we still have a relatively low base, we think our system capability is strong and is strong as anybody in the market and we’re obviously going to take advantage of that through the new consolidated organization. That’s one of the reasons we put that organization together so that we had consolidated sales capability capable of reaching in to the upper tier market and leveraging existing relationships to sell more product in to it. The reason that IFS has been so effective over the last three years fetters around first of all we think we have a very professional high powered sales force and I think that’s a given in order to generate revenue growth, especially in today’s market. But, a lot of its been driven around coupling and integrating our product capability in to our core processing platforms. It effectively reduces the cost of delivery for the institution, it gives them better access to integrated data so that they can manage the customer relationship much more effectively and drive down costs and drive down loss ratios.  It enables them to sell more products in to that customer because at one view, in one look they can see the whole entire customer relationship and it provides some really strong tangible benefit to the consumers that they service in that by when they access their eBanking system they’re able to for example have a view of the entire financial relationship they have with the given institution and not just bits and pieces. All of those factors have led to the success that Gary Norcross team has put together and demonstrated over the last three years. So, it’s ancillary products and its coupled with the core. A couple of products in particular where we’ve had really good strong success, products that center around prepaid, products that center around creating loyalty programs for core processing relationships have all generated substantial growth and growth above what we have on the average.  So, they’ve led the way along with bill payment, along with eBanking. Debit card continues to generate good strong results, well over up in the middle to upper single digits so it’s a combination of things but it’s leveraging a lot of different areas to achieve these results and we expect that to continue on in to the future.
Andrew W. Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Do you think that the same applies in EBS? Is it functionality, check notwithstanding, is it functionality predominately? Is it just having fingers in a lot of different pies, or is it really some combination thereof that has given you success and what is otherwise a pretty tough market?
Lee A. Kennedy : I think it’s a combination of things. I think that opportunity opens up and we’ve been able to capitalize on it when you can go back to an institution and you can prove on a very tangible basis that by implementing certain technologies, you enable the institution to drive expense down. That’s the name of the game stay. Our products and capabilities are structured and designed in a way that properly implemented in an institution that is effectively exactly what they do. So, there is a lot of interest there and that continues on. There is also a building level of interest in some of our payment capabilities that have traditionally been sold in to the community bank market only. We’ve never marketed those payment capabilities up market and we’re starting to gain some real traction and have some real success in taking those relationships where we have a core processing relationship or a system relationship in place and then bundling products and services in to one complete solution, pricing it accordingly and delivering it back to the institution. That’s how it’s happening and we expect the opportunities on the upper side of the market Andrew to be just as good over the long term.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: A few questions, I was hoping to get more detail on the payment and transaction growth trends in the quarter and also if you could maybe remind us how it changes in any kind of growth between the transactions and how that might influence the new segment, I think card payment solutions?
Lee A. Kennedy : Let me cover just some of the payment transaction volumes and the increases that we saw in the fourth quarter. Clearly, the fourth quarter was a more difficult quarter than any other quarter in the year. I think not only did we see that but just about every service provider that has reported has acknowledged that. The numbers that I’m going to give you will kind of level set what we actually saw. I’ll say it up front we’re pretty consistent with what the card associations are actually reporting.  Where the card association, MasterCard specifically said they saw pressure on credit transactions in the 5% to 6% range. That’s exactly what we saw. We saw debit card volumes and transactions increase middle single digits to a little bit above that so we had some strength in debit and that didn’t erode. So combining the two on or around there’s a mix of about 5% somewhere in that range year-over-year which was above the rate that the card associations actually generated. One of the reasons for that is that a lot of our payment activities are still concentrated with community institutions and credit unions and they haven’t been hit as hard to date as some of the other issuers so we’re still seeing more stability at higher growth volumes on transactions because they’re so selective in how they issue their cards and who they issue cards to.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: What about your expectations on volume growth for the rest of the year? And, how much a change five points either way, how would that influence your top line performance in the net payment solutions group?
Lee A. Kennedy : Well, I don’t think it’s going to be material because the business is pretty diversified and not a large portion of our transactions are we don’t bill on that basis. So, we have other factors that roll in to it. So, what we did looking forward is we didn’t take the first, or second, or third quarter as the base for 2009, we factored in the fourth quarter.  So, we think we’ve caught probably one of those difficult periods that’s ever existed in this country and we used that as a base to project our revenue going forward. I think we’re hedged somewhat and we’ve accounted for some of the difficulties and some of the pressure that we’re likely to see throughout 2009.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Trends in January were pretty consistent?
Lee A. Kennedy : It’s a little too early to say but I think they’re going to be fairly consistent.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Last question, just retail check, that was great disclosure there. I know that there was a price increase that was factored in so my question was really what kind of volume declines are you seeing? When do you anniversary the price increase in retail check and are you going to be impacted by any potential conversions or consolidation? I know it’s getting smaller as a percentage of revenues but I just want to make sure we get that right.
Lee A. Kennedy : I think there’s only one area that we’re watching very closely and that’s retail merchants that just don’t make it. In certain cases when they don’t make it and they go out of business that volume migrates to the nearest competitor. So, in the case of a Circuit City we don’t expect that to be a complete run off, they’re just going to quite frankly go to Best Buy and they’re going to make their purchases there. Early indications are we’re starting to see some of that. I think if anywhere, that’s where a lot of the pressure will center. Now, the abnormal decrease that we saw in the fourth quarter which was Christmas related and seasoned related, we’re not projecting that that 16% increase continues throughout 2009. That’s the one area that we moderated somewhat because we don’t think that will be repetitive in nature. But, I think on the average we’re going to see a little bit north probably of 7% erosion going forward. I think that’s safe to say.  As far as price increases, we’ve now been successful in negotiating I think in the low double digits relative to merchants with price increases. We’ll continue to do that as the contracts allow us to do that and before it’s all over we’ll be pretty much back to just about every merchant that we serve with a price increase to mitigate some of this run off. The value delivered to the merchant is still significant. We think there’s room for some upward pricing across the board.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Kraft – D. A. Davidson & Co.
John Kraft – D. A. Davidson & Co.: I just want to follow up on that last question, just real quick not to beat on a dead horse but if you were to pull out the pricing in retail check and pull out the current slowdown as far as just a simple transaction decline, is that what you say is a 7% decline that’s sort of a fair estimate going forward?
Lee A. Kennedy : I think it’s revenue overall so pricing escalation, pricing increases have not contributed a significant amount to the revenue so far. As we cycle through the base we’ll see more of an impact so I don’t have the precise numbers in front of me but most of the decline that we’re talking about really is transaction driven. It’s fewer checks being written at the point of sale, pressured in an abnormal way during the Christmas season.
George P. Scanlon : John, that reduction in volume is obviously offset by new sales that we’re making, conversion of customers to our warranty product line which is a higher revenue per transaction, new rate increases that we implement during the year and different things that we can do to improve our loss experience. So, there’s a lot of factors that come in to the mix but net/net as Lee said because of the volume declines going in to the year downward revenue pressure that we have to overcome that is obviously more difficult in a market like this.
John Kraft – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Lee, in your prepared remarks you mentioned that the US pipeline at least was full I think was the word you used. Would you characterize it as stronger than last quarter or equal to?
Lee A. Kennedy : I think it’s pretty much equal to last quarter because I don’t think it changes that dramatically quarter-to-quarter. A lot of these sales cycles are six months in duration if not a little bit more so I don’t think we’re seeing a huge uptick from the run rate that we had at the end of last year. But, it is strong and it is strong across the board for products and services which we can deliver that will produce cost reductions and improvements and efficiencies for the institutions. 
John Kraft – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Along the TouchPoint product line you talked about the Renaissance and the unnamed Russian bank, any of those revenues in the quarter in the Q4 results?
Lee A. Kennedy : Renaissance bank was, we had a little bit of a tail off revenue as we finished the installation of Renaissance and the other bank I don’t believe was in the fourth quarter. We’ll start seeing that as we move forward.
John Kraft – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Multiple quarter implementation?
Lee A. Kennedy : Yes, that’s correct. These are relatively big projects, they’re significant projects. These are large, large institutions. I think Russia is a pretty good example of a very difficult market environment where banks are using this opportunity to upgrade their technology so when they come out of it they’ll be better positioned. So, there is still strength in certain pockets throughout the world and we’re going after those pockets.
John Kraft – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Last question, just a clarification for George, I think you said the contribution from the Certegy receivables, Australia receivables was $50 going forward in 2009. Wasn’t at one point $110 is the difference there just fx?
George P. Scanlon : Yes. As well John we expect some of those collections to continue in to 2010. So, we’ll pick up a little incremental benefit. If you take the $33 and the $50 you get to $83 and then some of that would slip in to 2010. I would hope we could beat that $50 but we’ll have to see. But, we do expect to collect the balance of those receivables but on schedule and it will carry over in to the following year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Wayne Johnson – Raymond James & Associates, Inc. 
Wayne Johnson – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Just curious, on the core bank processing side or function how has pricing been? Has there been any greater push back than normal or greater negotiation by your customers and potential customers because of the current economic conditions?
Lee A. Kennedy : No, I don’t think it’s being driven by the current economic conditions. It’s been driven by the fact that there are a number of service providers and when contracts come up for renewal everybody lines up and everybody tries to market their product and the banks are getting smarter and they’re leveraging one bid versus another and unless you can really sell multiple products and really bundle them you have price compression. As a guide, I think overall for our company and our business in general figure about 1% to 2% price compression on an annual basis. That is what we deal with every single year and it hasn’t really gotten any larger or any greater of a problem since the economy has turned down. So, not so far Wayne.
Wayne Johnson – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: On the international side, constant currency strong particularly in this kind of a market. Can you just give us a quick 30 seconds about what do you think is driving the international demand, why that’s so strong? And, on a geographic basis, are there particular areas that tend to be the strongest that you’re going to be focusing on going forward?
Lee A. Kennedy : Well, I think it’s really similar factors of what’s driving the demand in the US although the factors that are taking place and driving the purchases in Europe and throughout the world probably took hold a little bit later in the US but we’re enjoying the same type of movement. The factors clearly center around a bank trying to displace costs and improve operating efficiencies and to compensate for the more difficult environment that they’re facing. So, anything you can do to lower the cost base ends up being very, very important to them. I think this has accelerate the demand for outsourcing. I think in the past a lot of outsourcing opportunities never really happened because there were proprietary and self center interest within a given institution and people within the institution didn’t allow some of the bids to take place and wouldn’t consider using third parties.  I think that’s changed radically over the last year or so. The bank is more interested today in making sure they get the best price possible and a lot of the capabilities that they ran in house and concentrated on within house systems are no longer strategic to them. What is strategic is investing in risk management systems and capabilities that will enable the institution to improve the performance of the institution. Certainly, in some cases some of the proprietary strategic programs operated in house really didn’t produce that benefit. So, I think that’s part of it. I think competition still bears in to the mix, regulatory changes and controls that are being implemented throughout the world factor in to it. The example with that case would be Barclays where they outsourced installment loan processing to us because they had certain regulatory changes that they had to make to their core systems and they thought third party alternatives would be more efficient. I think it’s competition, it’s the consumer driving it, it’s lower costs, it’s regulatory, it’s all of the above consistent with what you see in the US Wayne.
Wayne Johnson – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: On a geographic basis do you guys have representation in Asia?
Lee A. Kennedy : Yes, we do. We have people on the ground in China, we have people on the ground throughout India. We have a large concentration of customers and support professional service people throughout Thailand, we have obviously in Australia. Yes, we do we have them in targeted areas throughout Asia Pacific but we have strayed away and stayed away from trying to enter the whole market. We’ve taken more of a rifle approach and we’re going to stay with that.
Wayne Johnson – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Last question, if I heard correctly the cap ex run rate for ’09 should be roughly $200 million, is that right?
George P. Scanlon : What I said was if you look at where we’ve been running, between 48 and 52, I think $205, we’ve given guidance on that.
Wayne Johnson – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Could it possibly be under that? And, in the out years would you be looking to lower that more?
George P. Scanlon : Well, I’d say yes it could possibly be under that. As I mentioned earlier we’re pretty critical in our review of the proposals that come before the capital committee. I would say over the longer term what we’ve said is 5% to 7% of revenues is our cap ex guidance. My sense is we’ll gravitate closer to the 5% to 6% range over time particularly as we got some of the international investment behind us that Lee referenced earlier. It’s just an area of focus for us. We do, as I said earlier, remain committed to reinvesting in our product because it’s easy to shut that spigot off but there are consequences that we don’t want to deal with. So, I’m hopeful we can beat that number and get on the upside but I think if you look at our run rate over the last three quarters, that’s a pretty good way to look at ’09.
Wayne Johnson – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Unless I missed it, did you guys indicate what the use of the free cash flow that you guys are going to be generating?
George P. Scanlon : Yes, I said first to reinvest in our existing operations. Second, to maintain our dividend payout and third, to retire debt. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: One question, you gave us a Brazil credit card number both for the outsourcing JV but then also overall. Could you just repeat that again?
George P. Scanlon : I said that the overall credit card number that we’re processing now is 30 million and I said 22 million of those cards are from our JV partners.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: Do we have any more news about potentially winning more under that JV? I know at one point that was a hope.
Lee A. Kennedy : We’re still working through it. There are pieces of business that we’re talking seriously about. We don’t have anything signed at this point in time and I think that will happen, if at all, probably six months to a year out so we’ll let you know if it does materialize as we go forward.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: Anything that we should know about, termination fees? For example, I think you said there was a $6 million year-over-year payment to the positive in ’07, anything similar that we need that will adjust margins and things like that comparability in 2009?
George P. Scanlon : We don’t budget for termination fees. I think our total term fees for 2008 were $8 million and I think they were down $11 million from 2007. So, it’s not a material amount to us, it has never been historically material. I want to clarify that the $6 million was not a termination fee, it was a negotiated settlement with a customer over a delayed implementation that was in part their responsibility. The term fees in the fourth quarter were really insignificant.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: You talked a little bit about some success in debit and gave us an idea of transactions. One of the things that seem most interesting obviously about eFunds is the potential to cross sell in to some of the Certegy, the ex Certegy business in those small institutions. How much of that have you already seen and how much of that do you think you have yet to see?
Lee A. Kennedy : There still is a substantial amount of opportunity in front of us that we haven’t really penetrated or capitalized on to date. We’ve only sold a relatively small number of products in to our core base and this is some of our anchor customers. Not only do we have a lot of products that we think will fit that were existing, we are also bringing up on a regular basis new capabilities that we think will generate additional opportunities. So, we are by no means close to being penetrated. To take a wild guess we’re probably less than 50% penetrated without question.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: You’re saying that you might have some more room on some costs, maybe not cuts is the wrong word but keeping tight on costs. Can you give us a sense of the things that are left to do? I know you had an opportunity to take a hard look at things when you spun off LPS, sort of what is the next couple biggest levers that you think are meaningful?
Lee A. Kennedy : I think the biggest lever centers around how we deliver our technology to our customer base and how we use technologies to support our internal needs. Gary Norcross and his team are all over that piece of the business, finding better ways or processing, finding less expensive alternatives for disaster recovery, leveraging mid range systems versus mainframe systems, using older technology, second generation technology that still has great life attached to it instead of leading edge technology where you’re replacing hardware every time a new version of a system comes out, leveraging better development efforts throughout the company.  With the consolidated organization we have a substantial portion of the development teams under common management so we’re no longer duplicating efforts across the global and systems that we develop for one product are now being transferred and implemented and installed with other products whether it be delivery systems or processing systems or whatever. It’s a matter of I think technology clearly is the biggest opportunity. It takes effort to get at that expense but we have efforts well underway. We expect some pretty good returns in the future from operating more efficiently.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: Last question, a couple of conference calls ago you talked a little bit about your interest in developing more data and analysis products and I wondered if that had changed in the current environment or accelerated?
Lee A. Kennedy : I think the interest now from institutions is stronger than ever. Anything that you can do or a company can do to provide lift to the institution and better enabling them to manage the risk associated with loans to their customers in general or better enabling them through analytics to identify what incremental opportunities exist with their customer base are getting a lot of attention in the marketplace.  We’re investing money in those areas, leveraging the eFunds check system capability that we’ve had in place where we have good strong relationships across the country with a large number of institutions that are now purchasing upgraded systems that generate more revenue for us and that are more accurate to them and we’re also selling additional products that tag in to it and attach to that system that provide analytics for other applications. So, we think that’s the next avenue of growth for our company.  We’re going to be very selective in how we invest in that and what we target because we don’t want to find ourselves competing against organizations that are solidly entrenched where we can’t gain substantial market share. That’s how we’re approaching it and so far the results have been very good.
Operator:  Your final question comes from [Paul Bartoi – PD Investment Research].
[Paul Bartoi – PD Investment Research]: First, just a quick question, is Bradesco still on track to convert in early 2Q?
Lee A. Kennedy : Yes, they’re still on track for the second quarter, it may move a few weeks at this point in time or a month in either direction but that’s on or around the time that we expect. Keep in mind that a large percentage of the activities that we provide to them have already been converted. We’ve already converted the support service piece, we’ve already converted some of the production pieces and all of the new accounts are already on board with us and active on our system.
[Paul Bartoi – PD Investment Research]: Then I think you gave the number of $80 million of international business that’s signed to be converted in ’09?
George P. Scanlon : That’s net of currency, yes.
[Paul Bartoi – PD Investment Research]: It looks like that’s basically all that you’re assuming in your guidance. So, is it fair to say that any additional business that is signed would be incremental with you’re kind of assuming what’s already signed?
George P. Scanlon : Well, I think the way to look at it Paul is obviously there’s ins and outs and we’re not immune to price compression and other issues like that internationally as well. But, we’ve got a good running start in to 2009 on the international side and as I said earlier when asked about the 10% to 12% I would hope there’s some upside in that number but given the overall environment it pays to be conservative and that’s where we’re at.
Lee A. Kennedy : It think it’s conservative but also keep in mind that there are projects that we’ve had underway that drop off during the year also. So, that is not a pure net on the total base, there’s attrition along with that or completed products but that is a conservative number Paul.
[Paul Bartoi – PD Investment Research]: Then on the margins, that would be a pretty nice result to get international up to the high teens. Do you have some type of target in mind for the next two to three years as you look at the international margins, how high those could get?
George P. Scanlon : I’d say that I’d like to get up to the mid 20s. You’ve got a balance of activity going on in the international market. You’ve got the European market which is obviously a bit more mature where we’ve got more infrastructure that’s leverageable, you’ve got the emerging Asia Pac market where we’ve had real good success in several countries this year but don’t have a huge presence to leverage in any single country. Then obviously down in Brazil we’ve got our card joint venture.  So, they all contributed varying amounts. As you might expect, the European margins are already up in the mid 20s. So, we think over time we can get there. We could expect Brazil to probably stay in the low 20s over time and Asia Pac it’s a little early to say but it will gravitate upwards.
[Paul Bartoi – PD Investment Research]: Then just the last one, Lee I think you mentioned a number of half of 1% of your exposure to banks that could potentially close. Is that right, so just basically all of the banks that are potentially could go away you only have half of 1% of revenues?
Lee A. Kennedy : No, that’s the amount that we stand to lose when you add up the potential lost revenues from the banks that have been forced to combine or have failed to date. So, it’s less than one half of 1%, that’s our exposure and that’s if everything goes the wrong way. But, if they take our systems that we have in place or our capabilities and they just rip them out and they throw them aside, that’s what that number totals. Now, there’s upside that will mitigate that loss or that exposure from professional service work and helping certain institutions integrate acquired assets and we’re making good progress with that. We’ve generated quite a bit of money in the last six months of the year driven by integration efforts and services that we provide.
Mary Waggoner:  Thanks to everyone for participating in today’s call. We look forward to speaking with you again.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mary Waggoner – Senior Vice President, Investor Relations William P. Foley II – Executive Chairman Lee A. Kennedy – President, Chief Executive Officer George Scanlon – Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse David Koning – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs Gregory Smith – Merrill Lynch Paul Bartoli – P.B. Investment Research James Casane – Bank of America Tien-Tsin Huang – J.P. Morgan Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co. Wayne Johnson – Raymond James John Kraft – D.A. Davidson & Co. Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to the FIS third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Mary Waggoner. Please go ahead. 
Mary Waggoner:  Thank you Karen and good afternoon. Joining me today are Executive Chairman Bill Foley, Lee Kennedy, President and CEO and George Scanlon, CFO.  Today’s discussion will contain reference to non-GAAP and pro forma results in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results and schedules showing historical detail are provided in the press release. We have also included a power point presentation to supplement today’s discussion. Both documents are available on our website, fidelityinfoservices.com.  Before we continue, I would like to remind you that some of the comments made on today’s call will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties described in our earnings release and other filings with the SEC. The company expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise those forward-looking statements, including annual and quarterly guidance. In addition to being recorded, this call is being webcast live over the Internet and a replay will be available on our website shortly after the call. A telephone replay will also be available and the dial-in information is included in today’s press release. Now I will turn the call over to our Executive Chairman, Bill Foley.
William P. Foley II:  Thanks Mary and good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. FIS reported an outstanding quarter by any measure. Strong results across all of our segments drove organic growth of 9.4%, margin expansion of 50 basis points and adjusted earnings per share of $0.42. We were particularly pleased with the 3.7% growth rate in EBS, our large bank component which serves all the large financial institutions in our marketplace. The consistent improvement of organic revenue growth, margin and pre-cash flow in this challenging environment demonstrates the resiliency of our operating model and the success we are having executing our business plan. We continue to achieve solid sales results and we also have a healthy pipeline of new customer implementations underway, which provides visibility into future revenue streams. Our balance sheet remains strong and we have locked in fixed rates on 80% of our outstanding debt. In addition, the recent sale of the Certegy Australia business, which was completed on  October 13, will result in more efficient use of our working capital. Let me now turn the call over to Lee for a detailed business review. Lee.
Lee A. Kennedy:  Thank you Bill. Good afternoon everyone and thanks for joining us today. If you will turn to Slide 4, we’ve included an agenda outlining the topics that we will cover in today’s call. In addition to providing a summary of third quarter operating results, I will discuss our view of the financial institution market and how current market conditions are impacting our business. In response to your request, I have included an analysis of our customer base and revenue mix which illustrates our low level of customer concentration and significant revenue diversity. We will conclude today’s prepared remarks with a third quarter financial report and then we will open it up for your questions. I’ll begin with the summary of third quarter operating results. Overall, it was a great quarter, driven by strong performance in each of our businesses. Total revenue increased 25.4%. Excluding eFunds, organic revenue grew 9.4%. All three of our reporting segments generated strong, organic growth. Our international business grew 25.5%. IFS grew 9%. And EBS which declined year-over-year last quarter grew 3.7%.  Our sales teams are clearly delivering excellent results in a very difficult environment. We are also making significant progress in improving the profitability of FIS. The third quarter EBITDA margin increased to 25.6%, which is a 50 basis point improvement over prior year and sequentially a 250 basis point improvement over the second quarter. Adjusted net earnings came in at $0.42 per diluted share, which is a 35.5% increase over prior year.  These results were driven by the successful execution of our business plan, which includes four primary objectives; increasing organic revenue growth, improving profitability, reducing capital expenditures and improving free cash flow. If you will turn to Slides 5 and 6, we have summarized the solid progress that we’ve made throughout the year. And illustrated on Slide 5, organic revenue growth improved from approximately 4% in the first quarter to 6% in the second quarter to 9% in the third quarter.  The EBITDA margin increased from 22% in the first quarter to 25.6% in the third quarter and expanded 50 basis points year-over-year. This improvement is being driven by new sales and volume leverage, the successful integration of eFunds and the implementation of cost reduction initiatives discussed on our first quarter call. The successful execution of these initiatives has driven solid, sequential growth in earnings per share.  We are also making good progress in reducing capital expenditures and improving free cash flow. As shown on Slide 6, CapEx declined to $48 million in the third quarter from $78 million in the first quarter of 2008 and $52 million in the second quarter, reflecting more efficient utilization of technology, development and infrastructure resources in the wind down of major development projects including our new Brazilian card processing platform and the re-write of our German core banking system. Year-to-date capital expenditures total $179 million, which puts us on track to achieve our full year target. This is a $31 million improvement over prior year. Third quarter cash flow increased to $118 million. Free cash flow totaled $209 million through the end of the third quarter, which is a 500% improvement over the same period last year.  In summary, it was a good quarter by any standard and the strong results were balanced across all primary businesses. We have successfully implemented the initiatives communicated in our first quarter call and they are driving solid, measurable benefits. Next I will discuss our view of the financial institution market and how volatile market conditions are affecting our business. Our balanced mix of products, customers, markets and geographies served has enabled us to generate solid organic growth in a very difficult and highly challenging market. If you will turn to Slide 7, you’ll find a breakdown of revenue by market segment. You will see that our revenue base is well diversified across all markets served. This diversification advantage is further strengthened by long term customer contracts with significant termination and penalties. More than 86% of our revenue base is reoccurring, which is consistent with the majority of our peers. You will also see on Slide 7 that we have no significant customer or segment concentration. Our top ten customers account for approximately 14% of consolidated revenue or just over 1% on average. These customers are well diversified in terms of size, geographical location and the level of outsourcing provided. There has obviously been considerable legitimate focus on the potential impact of recent bank failures, acquisitions and liquidations on our business. As illustrated on Slide 8, to date we believe that less than one-half of 1% or less than  $20 million of our total revenue is at risk. This at risk revenue could be partially or completely offset by higher demand for professional services to assist acquiring institutions with the conversion and integration of acquired assets. This is similar to the incremental professional service work which was generated when Cap One acquired Norfolk Bank and Toronto Dominion acquired Commerce Bank.  The weakness and turmoil in the banking industry did not just surface in the third quarter. The banking market has been volatile for well over a year, and especially since the beginning of 2008. We discussed this volatility in our first quarter call after we began noticing weak software and professional service sales. We took immediate and decisive actions to reduce costs in order to neutralize the impact on earnings and refocused our sales efforts to products and markets less affected. Our management team has done an excellent job executing this plan in spite of an extremely difficult environment. Our sales organizations continue to generate strong results across all principal businesses. As we have stated in the past, we believe that our balanced products, diversified customer base, and global footprint help buffer weaknesses which may occur in certain market segments. Admittedly, the market has deteriorated even further over the past 45 days and we believe that the U.S. banking industry will continue to face significant challenges in the fourth quarter and throughout most of 2009. Financial institutions will likely continue to reduce spending on discretionary software and professional services, which do not generate strong, immediate benefits. Software and professional service products that drive tangible strong cost reductions or enable an institution to more cost effectively comply with regulatory requirements will remain solid.  We will continue to focus on helping our customers operate more efficiently, which is now one of their highest priorities, while remaining diligent and controlling our own costs and making sure that our sales organizations continue to aggressively cross-sell our ancillary products and services. We believe that the banking industry will emerge from the current crisis much stronger and that the overall demand for our products and services will continue to grow well into the future. I will now turn the call over to George who will cover the third quarter financial results and our outlook for the remainder of the year. George.
George Scanlon:  Thank you Lee. Good afternoon everybody. As Bill mentioned, we successfully completed the spin off of Lender Processing Services on July 2. As you can see on Slide 9, we have discontinued several businesses and beginning in the third quarter LPS is now reported as a discontinued operation for all periods presented. The 8-K that we furnished to the SEC on September 5 recaps the previous six quarters to reflect LPS as a discontinued operation and also provides the allocation of certain interest costs and corporate expense to LPS on a pro forma basis. I would encourage you to review the document if you haven’t already done so and contact investor relations if you have any questions.  October 13 we completed the sale of Certegy Australia, which will be reported as a discontinued operation beginning in the fourth quarter. I’ll provide additional details regarding the sale later in the call. If you’ll now turn to Slide 10 we will discuss the third quarter financial results. Consolidated third quarter revenue totaled $893.8 million which is a 25.4% increase compared to the prior year quarter. EFunds contributed revenue of almost $143 million compared to  $26.6 million in the third quarter of 2007.  Excluding eFunds from both periods, FIS revenue increased by 9.4% over the prior year and improved sequentially from the 5.7% growth rate we experienced in Q2 ’08. Our Q3 ’08 results include a $5.6 million year-to-date correction for past due interchange revenue. Excluding this revenue, third quarter revenue increased 8.6% compared to the prior year. Termination fees were not significant in either period. For comparative purposes, my remaining comments will exclude revenue from eFunds. IFS revenue totaled $322.9 million, a 9% increase compared to the third quarter of 2007. Excluding the interchange adjustment I referenced earlier, IFS revenue increased 7.2% driven primarily by growth in core processing, e-business and card marketing programs, and complemented the 7.9% growth we discussed in the second quarter.  Enterprise revenue increased 3.7% to $240.1 million in the third quarter and improved sequentially from $227.4 million in the second quarter. This was the first quarter of the year in which we were able to show positive year-over-year growth. Higher software license fees and outsourced technology revenue more than offset a $6.9 million decline in retail check risk management revenue. Excluding the impact of the check business, EBS revenue grew a strong 9.4%. International revenue increased 25.5% to $178.3 million. Currency gains added approximately $14 million to revenue in the quarter. Strong growth in our core banking operations in Germany, new customer implementations, and continued strong card issuance in Brazil fueled the increase. At the end of the quarter we were processing 28 million cards through our Brazilian joint venture and added 1.7 million cards during the quarter. Corporate and other revenues comprised primarily of the outsourced data processing services that we are providing to Fidelity National Financial. The prior year quarter also includes revenue from a leasing operation that was sold in the third quarter of last year.  Slide 11 gives you additional insight into our international revenues. Figure 1 shows our revenue by quarter for 2008, including eFunds. Because our revenues and costs are mostly denominated in the same local currency, and our international margins have lagged, the impact of foreign exchange to overall profitability has been minimal. Favorable currency rates contributed approximately $14 million to third quarter revenue, $21 million in the second quarter and  $17 million in the first quarter. You can also see that our quarterly revenue growth in constant currency has been strong throughout the year as we grew 13.8% in Q1, 27.7% in Q2 and 23.6% in Q3. As we look to the fourth quarter with the full year-over-year impact of the eFunds acquisition, we would anticipate achieving growth in constant currency of somewhere between 10 and 12%. In response to market volatility and other factors, the strengthening of the dollar has recently accelerated, especially as turmoil in the financial markets increased in October.  As you can see in Figure 2, since quarter end through October 24, exchange rates for the Brazilian real have declined 17.5% while the sterling and euro have declined by about 10% each. It is impossible for us to project with any certainty the impact that currency translation will ultimately have on our Q4 results. And unless there is a meaningful reversal in the current trends, which we are not expecting, the impact will be negative to U.S. dollar revenue growth in the fourth quarter. Figure 3 is based on our Q3 ’08 revenues and provides additional insight into the currencies in which our revenue from international are generated to enable you to see the relative exposure we have to those particular currencies. Moving on to EBITDA on page 12, EBITDA increased 27.9% to $228.9 million. The 25.6% margin exceeded third quarter 2007 margin by 50 basis points and as Lee mentioned improved sequentially from 22% in Q1 and just over 23% in Q2. The margin expansion was driven by higher profitability in international, cost savings associated with the eFunds integration and other cost reduction initiatives we undertook, and stronger software license revenue. The corporate and other EBITDA line, which totaled $10 million in the quarter, includes corporate overhead expense in addition to our IT infrastructure, which supports our operations and those of Fidelity National Financial. Third quarter ’07 corporate and other EBITDA of  $6.8 million also included the leasing group whose assets were sold in the third quarter of last year. The traditional corporate overhead expense included in this line was $22 million in Q3 ’08 and is expected to approximately $26 million in the fourth quarter.  Total depreciation and amortization in the quarter was $100 million and versus $94 million in Q3 ’07 and increased modestly compared to Q2 ’08. We expect similar D&A expense in the fourth quarter, resulting in $400 million in D&A for the year. EBID totaled $128.9 million in the quarter, a 51.6% increase over the prior year quarter and improved from the 32.4% growth in Q2 ’08. The EBID margin increased to 14.4%, a 250 basis point improvement over the prior year and improved 220 basis points sequentially from 12.2% in Q2 ’08. Please turn to Slide 13 for an overview of adjusted net earnings. Third quarter adjusted net earnings for FIS totaled $80.2 million or $0.42 per diluted share compared to $0.31 in the 2007 quarter and $0.36 in the second quarter of 2008. As indicated, adjusted net earnings exclude after tax integration expense of $1.5 million and $9 million associated with the write off of debt origination costs related to the Term B facility we paid off in connection with the spin off of LPS. Adjusted net earnings also exclude after tax purchase amortization of $28.1 million. Average outstanding shares were $191.9 million. We did not repurchase any shares this quarter and remain focused on using excess cash to pay down debt.  As shown on Slide 14 free cash flow, which is defined as operating cash flow minus capital expenditures, improved significantly to $118 million in the quarter and $209 million or 102% of adjusted earnings on a year-to-date basis. The increase was driven by higher earnings and improved working capital management in combination with lower capital expenditures. Third quarter CapEx of $48.2 million declined $4.1 million sequentially from Q2 ’08 and declined $33 million when compared to Q3 ’07. We are expecting approximately $60 to  $65 million of CapEx in Q4 and $240 to $245 million for the year, which is within our previously established guidance. We also expect to achieve our guidance of between $315 million and $345 million in free cash flow for the year.  Turning to Slide 15, at September 30 we had $238 million in cash and cash equivalence and  $2.6 billion in debt, including $2 billion outstanding on the Term A facility and $620 million against the $900 million revolver. During the quarter we made scheduled payments on our Term A facility of $13 million and utilized our revolver to retire $200 million of secured, 4.75% and fixed rate notes which matured.  Approximately $2.1 billion or 80% of our debt has been swapped to fixed rates. The effective interest rate including the swaps and debt issuance costs was 5.5% at quarter end. And we paid  $9.5 million in shareholder dividends during the quarter. I will discuss the outlook for the remainder of the year as presented on Slide 16. As I mentioned earlier, Certegy Australia will be accounted for as a discontinued operation beginning in the fourth quarter. You may recall our decision to sell this business was predicated on our desire to focus on businesses which can be leveraged across our financial institution customer base, as well as to free up a relatively significant investment in working capital. While EBID margins were good in this business, we believe we can better deploy the capital in our core businesses. The sale of this operation will generate a small loss in the fourth quarter, but will significantly improve free cash flow in 2009 as we expect to collect approximately $110 million in outstanding receivables over the next 15 to 18 months. Certegy Australia contributed $0.05 per share for the first nine months of 2008 and was expected to generate about $0.02 in the fourth quarter or $0.07 for the full year. Based on our strong performance year-to-date combined with a slightly more cautious outlook for the fourth quarter, and the sale of our Certegy Australia operation, we are reiterating our original guidance and expect full year adjusted EPS from continuing operations of $1.44 to $1.50, which implies $0.43 to $0.49 in the fourth quarter after the adjustment for Certegy Australia. I want to emphasize that the only change to the guidance we previously communicated is the treatment of Certegy Australia as a discontinued operation. And that concludes our prepared remarks for FIS. We will now open the line for questions. Operator.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse:  George in the second quarter release, it looked like FIS expected to record Certegy Australia as a discontinued op in third quarter results so I guess I was under the impression that Certegy Australia was already excluded from guidance for the rest of 2008. Was that not the case?
George Scanlon:  Well we thought at the time in the second quarter there was a possibility to close the transaction by the end of the quarter, Bryan, and as it turned out the transaction didn’t close until mid-October. And because of the timing and the uncertainty at the end of the quarter with regard to absolutely closing the transaction, we decided to appropriately push the discontinuance into the fourth quarter.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: But it wasn’t included, I guess, it didn’t already excluded from [inaudible] –
George Scanlon: No it’s been consistently a continuing operation.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: And then looking on Slide 8, the bank fillers and consolidation business, the revenue at risk can you just describe how you guys came to that number? How did you figure that number?
George Scanlon: Well we actually broke it down by product line and then ranked the probability of retaining that line of business with the acquiring institution. And in all cases where we posted it as a save, we had an existing relationship in place for a certain product with the acquire, therefore highly likely that we would continue to benefit from the additional volume from the acquired institution. So that’s how we broke it apart and that’s how we detailed but it was on a product line by product line basis.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: On EBS it was nice to see that bounce back in the quarter. Is that sustainable at that kind of level going forward, or should we see that number bounce around a little?
Lee A. Kennedy:  You know I think it’s going to bounce around a little bit but I think you’d be safe in looking toward more of a flat revenue base when you move into the fourth quarter and look a little bit beyond that. We benefited from one large software license that we secured in the third quarter that will not be repetitive, but it certainly we don’t believe it will be anywhere near what we saw in the second quarter which was negative 7.7%, so look to kind of a flat quarter as we move forward.
George Scanlon:  Bryan, the EBS contains the check business and as we talked about, year-over-year revenue declines and we disclosed in this quarter as well running around 10%. So that overshadows the results for EBS as well. But I think Lee’s suggestion of flat, flattish for the fourth quarter is correct.
Bryan Keane – Credit Suisse: So overall for the fourth quarter organic growth, any thoughts on that?
George Scanlon:  Well I’d say that we’ve had obviously a very strong third quarter. I think as Lee mentioned with the market the way it’s evolved into October, I think it’s tempering our outlook a little bit. But I think our objective certainly is obviously to meet the guidance we set of 4 to 6% organic and 16 to 18 on a total including eFunds basis. The other new element that’s come into play in the fourth quarter of course is currency. And that’s going to pull down obviously the international growth rates. In dollar terms we still expect low double digit growth in a local currency.  And I think when you look at the whole year, you should look towards the higher end of our revenue guidance range. We think that’s achievable.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Koning – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
David Koning – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  When I look at growth kind of going out into Q4 and really past that, is it fair to think about you kind of said “enterprise flattish”, it sounds like international 10% or so, kind of constant currency and then IFS it seems like mid single digits might be reasonable? And you kind of mash all those together and you get about 5%. But next year if we think about currency it looks like in my model it should have about a 2% headwind into ’09, so we take that 5% down to maybe 3% organic. Is that just a ballpark kind of baseline next year, just rough estimate do you think so far?
Lee A. Kennedy:  Well you know, David, we’re still in the midst of our business planning for next year. Clearly the currency rate affect will create headwinds for us. Your estimate probably isn’t that far off. We do also have pretty good visibility and some opportunities to grow international. We’ll be adding to Bradesco cars through the conversion next year. We have several of the contracts that we’ll be implementing. So I don’t want to give a specific number at this point.  Our long term guidance is 6 to 9% and as I said we’re in the midst of planning for that right now and included in markets are evolving day to day, so we’re trying to use the best information available before we come out early next year with guidance that we can stand behind with confidence and give you guys some better visibility. I think you should plan on about $100 million in revenue which will be highly visible as we roll and move into ’09 that was signed in ’08.
David Koning – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  And then when we think about EPS this year the mid-point of your new guidance would be about $1.47. In the two swing factors into next year that we know about, I just want to verify that they’re still in place but eFunds if we get a full year benefit next year, given what you’ve done so far and then into next year $35 or so million, that’s a $0.10 benefit. And then just you saw the cash flow this year should be at least a $0.05 benefit into next year.  So are those two fair swing factors? And then we obviously don’t know exactly what operations will be, but can we assume that they’ll hopefully be positive, there’ll be some growth in EBID next year, too?
Lee A. Kennedy:  First in regards to the eFunds cost take out, we said we’d be at a $65 million run rate by the end of next year so you can’t incrementally add that in absolute terms. It’ll ramp up during the year. Clearly we came into the year, had some concerns about revenue and made some decisions to pay costs down. And obviously as we look to next year we’re focused on that as well.  But the other side of the equation, of course, is the revenue side and some element of price compression offset by opportunities that created. So I don’t mean to be evasive, it’s just we haven’t done the detail work at this point where we’re in a position to guide much on ’09.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs:  One quick thing, can you go back through the business on the international segments? Aside from the currency, the impact that we’re looking at now even on a constant currency basis it looks like that segment is actually down quarter-to-quarter. Can you just help us understand why that business would have actually declined quarter-to-quarter on a constant currency basis?
Lee A. Kennedy:  Yes Julio we had a big jump in Q2 when we made the conversion of the ABN Amro cards in our Brazil joint venture. And so I think the growth rate in Q2 was just disproportionate and obviously not sustainable. I think as we look to Q2 next year, we would expect to see a similar bump when we do the Bradesco conversion.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: And then just to make sure I have this straight, the targets that you’re setting for the rest of the year just in terms of the organic number, the 4 to 6 that’s for calendar year ’08 for the full year not for the fourth quarter, is that correct?
Lee A. Kennedy:  That’s correct.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Gregory Smith – Merrill Lynch.
Gregory Smith – Merrill Lynch:  The guidance range for 4Q looks pretty wide. I’m just wondering what the biggest variables, is that more in the check risk management side? Just wondering why that’s so wide.
Lee A. Kennedy:  It’s a little bit to do with check obviously. It’s an uncertain consumer season that we’re facing and so there’s some conservativeness and wideness drive because of that. But that’s one factor, sure.
Gregory Smith – Merrill Lynch: And am I reading this right? I mean, by the guidance you supplied on 5/16 I mean you’re still saying you may be able to do the $0.49 even without Certegy Australia in the mix? Is that correct?
Lee A. Kennedy:  That’s correct, Greg. I mean there are a lot of deals in the pipeline and you’re never certain when they’re going to cross the finish line. So they can make a huge difference in the quarter. We had some benefit from that in Q3 and as a result we’ve got the upper end there as well. So we’re shooting for that. Internationally we actually have bout five or six deals that are currently pending so a lot of license deals outside of the U.S. underway, especially with our profile product. So it depends on when we’re able to bring those home and when we’re able to sign them and get them booked, Greg. So there still is a possibility it’s going to work in our favor. We’ll see what happens.
Gregory Smith – Merrill Lynch: And then Lee you talked about sort of opportunities that have arisen in the past to help your customers integrate acquisitions and just general opportunities to increase efficiency. Obviously financial institutions are going to be very focused on running their own operations efficiently. Can you talk about how that could manifest itself into incremental growth for you guys?
Lee A. Kennedy: Sure. There’s a large number of institutions throughout the country that’s running on our software, especially with Tier One institutions that we might not be generating significant revenue from those institutions, but as they start to roll up acquired institutions and have to convert those institutions onto their bank base processing platform, it generates sometimes an opportunity for organizations, similar to what happened with Cap One and Toronto Dominion.  So we think we will benefit from some of the consolidation that’s taking place in the form of incremental conversion work, which is professional service work, because we’re actually supporting the systems today and we have good, strong, available, knowledgeable resources that we can place with the acquires. So I think some of it could come from that angle and from that type of product capability opportunity but we think there’s some roll ups out there.
Gregory Smith – Merrill Lynch: If you could just remind us maybe over the next couple of years what the repayment schedule is on any of your debt? I guess on your term note? What your cash demands may be over the next few years, just to repay debt.
Lee A. Kennedy: Yes Greg we’ll be repaying about $26 million a quarter on the Term A facility starting Q1 next year and I believe that doubles the following year to $52 million. And the facility is through early 2012.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Paul Bartoli – P.B. Investment Research].
Paul Bartoli – P.B. Investment Research:  First just to clarify in EBS, the flat growth you expect in fourth quarter is that on a reported basis or just excluding the check business?
Lee A. Kennedy:  That’s on a reported basis.
Paul Bartoli – P.B. Investment Research: And is that pretty similar to what you saw in the third quarter?
Lee A. Kennedy:  Well I think it –
Paul Bartoli – P.B. Investment Research: Excluding the software license. Sorry.
Lee A. Kennedy:  Yes I think if you look at, that’s right, if you look at Q3 it was particularly strong at 9.4% excluding check. We had the benefit of some license deals that came through. And a lot does depend on what happens to check in the fourth quarter. It’s a seasonal business. Certainly everybody’s focused on the retail sector and what’s going to happen there. So it’s a challenging business. The margins are actually holding up very well, we’re just seeing a revenue decline.
Paul Bartoli – P.B. Investment Research: And then switching to IFS, that business continues to do pretty well and with what you’re seeing in the core market for banking services and the bigger decline you’ve seen in the last 45 days, I mean have you seen much of an impact on that business? Or do you still feel pretty comfortable that that can stay in the kind of mid to maybe even mid high single digits going forward?
Lee A. Kennedy:  You know, it’s funny; all of our key product lines are growing very strongly right now. So the growth hasn’t been isolated, just to the payment oriented products it also rolls over to our core processing capabilities and market also. So we see it really across the board. And we’re pretty confident that we can maintain that growth rate. Yes.
Paul Bartoli – P.B. Investment Research: And then the Bradesco contract portfolio that converts, what’s the update on the time of that? George did you mention 2Q? Was that pushed back a little bit from, I think, 1Q initially?
George Scanlon:  Yes we were trying to get through the early part of the year and basically I think right now we’re targeting the first week of April for implementation which everybody’s very focused on.
Paul Bartoli – P.B. Investment Research: You mentioned the use of free cash is mostly focused on paying down debt. Just a little bit curious why these levels, not looking at buying back stock a little bit more?
Lee A. Kennedy:  Well you know the credit markets have really tightened up and we want to make sure that we’ve got as much dry powder as possible to take advantage of opportunities that may present themselves to us, so yes we obviously think the stock is very cheap at these levels. We had an unusual quarter in the third quarter because we had to retire that $200 million Certegy note. So we stepped up the use of our revolver, and we’d really like to bring that down a little bit. And that’s really where the cash flow will be going, certainly in the near term.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [James Casane] – Bank of America.
James Casane – Bank of America:  Lee you touched on it a little bit, but can you elaborate more on the pipeline for core processing, community banks in particular? And as the pie shrinks are you seeing pricing becoming a little more intense?
Lee A. Kennedy:  You know, Jim, I’ll cover pricing first. The answer to that is over the last year or so we have seen some price compression in our core processing business but its lower single digit, it’s not major, at this point in time it’s nothing really for us to be concerned about. As far as opportunities going forward and the pipeline in general it remains very, very strong. A lot of our growth is coming obviously from the payment side of the business, because the institution can convert into our system a lot easier than they can with converting a core processing system.  But the pipeline still remains strong on core processing. We’ve secured a number of really good, strong deals this year. And we expect to continue to secure those deals as we move forward. So all in all, Jim, that business is evidenced by the growth this quarter remains pretty strong for us.
James Casane – Bank of America:  Everyone’s talking about bank consolidation. What are your thoughts about processor consolidation?
Lee A. Kennedy:  You know that’s a great question because I think without question the industry is over supplied, there will be additional consolidation, I don’t think there’s room for five or six players in this market. It’s similar to what we saw happen to the card business a number of years ago. And over the next two years we expect some of the mid-tier players to consolidate into other organizations in order to survive. So yes we think it’s going to happen. It’s a natural and I believe it’s going to take place.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang – J.P. Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang – J.P. Morgan: Free cash flow, should that track pretty closely with adjusted earnings for the rest of ’08 and as we think about 2009 as well?
Lee A. Kennedy:  Yes I think it should. We’re going to get a little bit of a pick up as we collect those receivables from Australia. So that’s why in our guidance we went from $315 to $345. The upper limit being dependent on how much of those receivables we can collect this quarter. But I think that’s a pretty good starting point.
Tien-Tsin Huang – J.P. Morgan: And then in the retail check business, I know you got a lot of questions about that. Anything out there on the horizon that can perhaps reverse the trends there? Lee I know you’ve talked about pricing in the past.
Lee A. Kennedy:  Pricing is helping the profitability of that business. So even though the revenue base is declining year-over-year, we’ve been able to keep the profits pretty much flat and stagnant year-over-year. So I think you should look for that trend to continue into the future. Revenue pressure, profitability pretty much where it’s been trending. Maybe slightly down, maybe slightly up but around that range.
Tien-Tsin Huang – J.P. Morgan: Because it seems to be the revenue’s tracking about down 10%. 4Q I know is a pretty seasonal, really strong quarter. Anything different to consider there in the fourth quarter?
Lee A. Kennedy:  Yes the thing that’s really helping us with the profitability business is a new series of models that we introduced about six months ago. These new models incorporate into the whole decision process a number of consumer attributes that are very, very specific in identifying the risk of fraud. So that’s helped us on the profitability side. And even though the revenue is declining at a greater rate today than it was a year or two ago, we’ve been able to offset that through models and also through price improvements and price increases that we’ve passed on to the retailers. So those two factors are keeping our head above water. And we believe that trend will continue throughout 2009.
Tien-Tsin Huang – J.P. Morgan:  And then George on the FX side, I really appreciate again the disclosure there, the benefit was $14 million to revenues. Can you give us a rough idea of what the earnings impact was on that? Sounds like it’s minimal but just want to make sure.
George Scanlon:  Yes it is. It’s as I said the margins have lagged in international. We looked at the cumulative for the year, I think it was about $1.6 million. So in the quarter it wasn’t that significant. You know, clearly as we grow international and it gets more consistently profitable, we’ll look at some hedging alternatives in countries where that’s practical. In Brazil it’s not practical. So over time we’ll try to moderate that.  But I think obviously the story over the next year is going to be get everyone focused on the local currency growth and how we’re performing operationally, because the dollar conversion is going to neutralize a lot of the progress I think we’re going to otherwise show.
Tien-Tsin Huang – J.P. Morgan: So cumulative is less than $2 million. Is that what you?
George Scanlon:  That’s correct. Year-to-date. Correct.
Tien-Tsin Huang – J.P. Morgan: Just what exactly is driving the interchange revenue adjustment?
Lee A. Kennedy:  That’s just really an internal accounting thing. We had made a system adjustment literally third quarter of last year and in performing certain reconciliations discovered that in making that adjustment, it wasn’t interfacing properly. There was no cash effect because it’s a pass through. So the revenue is completely offset with expense. But we did a catch up adjustment to correct the year-to-date amounts. And incrementally it’ll add a little over $2 million a quarter. But again it washes right through.  So the margin story is actually a little better than you would otherwise think because of the impact of the 5, 6 on both revenue and expense.
Tien-Tsin Huang – J.P. Morgan: And then you said it’s going to be about $2 million going forward in terms of pass through.
Lee A. Kennedy:  That’s right.
Tien-Tsin Huang – J.P. Morgan: Just on the card issuance front, any noticeable change in card issuance growth just coming out of Brazil or even in the U.S. I suppose from your community banks?
Lee A. Kennedy:  Not so far. The Brazilian issuing basis fairly stable and consistent, so not any change there. And on the U.S. side with community institutions, not a significant or much of a change there either. So so far on both fronts we’re in pretty good shape.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co.
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co.: I guess just going back to the sales activity question, and it sounds like you obviously had a great quarter and you benefited from some big software license deals but was there any sort of tail off towards the tail end of the quarter, given all the anxiety in the market? Or even into October? Just what’s the sense from your client base? Are they sort of getting uptight, nervous, are they starting to hold back spending? What, just sort of the tone and the mood of the customer base?
Lee A. Kennedy:  I think the mood is pretty consistent with what we communicated in the first quarter. In the U.S. if the software sale is discretionary in nature, there’s been some of a pullback in the delay in signing deals. Internationally, that’s not the case. It still remains fairly strong. The pipelines are full, especially for products like our profile Pro Banking System, the demand is very, very strong and we’ve actually signed and closed more new accounts this year than we did at any time over the last two or three years. So exceptional demand, and it still continues on not only throughout Europe but also Asia-Pacific and we had the first level of interest expressed in South America recently. So across the board and in all geographies.
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co.: And then George just quickly, you touched on international profitability. Could you update us on what the level of profitability was within a range?
George Scanlon:  Yes you know, I think we’re still hanging in that 12 to 14% EBITDA margin range. And it varies by region. And honestly gets affected by the timing of deals. So clearly Brazil as you can see is a good part of international operations, making good progress there and expecting profitability improvement over time, particularly as we add volume to that card base. It was a good quarter for us internationally. On a relative basis, a smaller revenue base, so when we have deals like Lee mentioned they can create some quarter-to-quarter volatility in revenue and profitability, but a good solid quarter this quarter.
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co.:  Just on the Certegy Australia, I guess I’m just a little bit surprised that its $0.07 diluted. How big was that business and how profitable roughly?
Lee A. Kennedy:  Well you know the revenue base was about $35 million and very good EBITDA margins or EBID margins I guess in the 50% range. We just looked at that business strategically. It was effectively a consumer finance business. And it was not aligned with the core businesses that we want to continue to invest in. And so we undertook a process and found a strategic buyer that it made sense for. But the objective was obviously to monetize those receivables, which were tied up in that business, and that’s really where the cash flow benefit will come over time. But it was a good earnings contributor. On the other hand, given the developments in the global market and the challenges we’ll all be facing I think it’s a business that we’re not sorry to have separated. It really made sense to divest that business.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Wayne Johnson – Raymond James.
Wayne Johnson – Raymond James:  As a percent of sales going forward, would you say that the success that you guys have had year-to-date in cross selling that that’s going to continue into ’09?
Lee A. Kennedy:  Well so far every indication is that it is continuing and hopefully will into ’09. We’re not going to address exactly how it’s going to shake out in ’09 until we work through all the numbers. But we have not seen any drop off in our success in cross selling existing customers and adding new product capability to those capabilities. So so far, Wayne, the shift’s been very solid for us.
Wayne Johnson – Raymond James: And then the tax rate going forward. I know that you don’t want to address ’09, but as international grows should we be expecting a moderating tax rate in next year?
Lee A. Kennedy:  I think that’s fair, Wayne. I think I said at the last quarter’s call that we were recommending using 35% balance of the year. We think there may be some opportunity to bring that down, perhaps by the end of the year and also as we look into next year. We’ll give you guidance on the tax rate as we look forward. But clearly there is a benefit to our international growth inasmuch as it will bring down the overall corporate tax rate, which is a source of cash flow.
Wayne Johnson – Raymond James: Is there a particular financial institution, domestically speaking, size or geographic location that you feel is more at risk than others?
Lee A. Kennedy:  You know I don’t think I’d isolate it to any one size or any one geography. I think it’s really across the board and its spread pretty evenly between community institutions and larger institutions, with the revenue being skewed towards the larger institution. But pretty much it’s coming in. The failures that have taken place to date are really from institutions of all sizes. And institutions that use different products from FIS also. So it’s been pretty diverse and pretty spread out, Wayne.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Kraft – D.A. Davidson & Co.
John Kraft – D.A. Davidson & Co.:  I just wanted to go back to I think you said Slide 8, where you talked about some of the at risk businesses. Presumably those were all announced acquisitions or some sort of transaction out there. Have you done a similar exercise for customers that simply are just struggling and may not make it?
Lee A. Kennedy:  No, we really haven’t done that to date. If we learn of any that are struggling or have high risk, then obviously we talked about it and we factored into our forecast on an ongoing basis. But this particular slide only references institutions that have actually failed or been acquired to date. So nothing on the predictive side at this point in time.
John Kraft – D.A. Davidson & Co.:  I hate to bring up something potentially negative, because it was a good quarter, but as you talked about all these areas of strength, the core processing certainly and payments and builds beginning regulatory products and products that help customers save money. Where are the areas of weakness? Where are you seeing customers just put off decisions?
Lee A. Kennedy:  A couple products that we have that are more discretionary in nature or products that they can push off and not implement right away and not lose that much value in doing so. I would say the Touch Point applications that throughout the U.S. are somewhat under pressure as more and more institutions are saying “I like the capability, I like the cost savings, I like all the value that that system creates but I’m not willing to spend the money for it at this point in time until we get better clarity on the financial health of our organization”. So I think its software related primarily. We haven’t seen any pushback on the payment side of the business, any product capability there. We haven’t seen any significant pushback on core processing with community banks and the mid-tier banks that we service. Touch Point is probably the best example I can give you domestically. That’s where a lot of the pushback has taken place.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.:  Just to drill down a little bit more into profitability internationally. Can you tell us whether or not you had enough scale that came on with that new card business that you converted to actually get to profitability? Can you give us that level of detail?
George Scanlon:  Well I think if you look at it as we report our minority interests you can see that the earnings that we recognized will reflect the amortization of certain intangible costs that are associated with the accounting for the deal. Put us in the negative earnings for the quarter. EBITDA is positive. A little negative, slightly negative on the EBID side but we’ve got U.S. accounting that we have to layer on top of that investment which is what made it negative. And the local currency is profitable.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: In terms of cost saves you all did obviously a great job sequentially 2Q to 3Q. How should we think about sort of anything that’s left either from eFunds, which I know there seems like there’s a significant amount left or just the general cost savings that you have going on? Or any other sort of lowering in the cost structure?
George Scanlon:  Well on the eFunds side by year end we’ll have taken out $35 million in costs. So that’s in your savings. And looking out one year by the end of next year we’ll take out in total about $65 million. So the incremental cost savings are still pretty significant from that business. As far as traditional opportunities, I can tell you this that Gary Norcross is all over our cost base. And especially as it relates to saving money or creating efficiencies in the technology end of our business. Those cost saves take more time to get after and some of them require technology changes in general. But the road map that he has laid out with his team shows us that there’s still plenty to get out of this business as we move into the future.
Lee A. Kennedy:  And Brett the cost take outs will be reflected both in the P&L as well as in CapEx because we capitalize certain internally developed software, so to the extent that we take cost out there, it’ll obviously benefit cash flow, you won’t necessarily see that in the margin as rapidly as you will if it’s a G&A item or a cost like that.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.: You talked about I think Commerce Bank and New York Community Bank, deals you signed last quarter and I wondered how, I suspect you recognized the license then but in deals like that that are core processing deals how long is that implementation typically, because you referenced sort of the longer term nature of some of the installations?
Lee A. Kennedy:  It depends on the institution but anywhere from an additional one year to three year period depending on how much more work we have in front of us. But generally about a year or two at the most.
Brett Huff – Stephens, Inc.:  So for banks that size even that’s typical?
Lee A. Kennedy:  Yes.
Operator:  And there are no further questions. Please continue.
Mary Waggoner:  We just wanted to thank you for joining us today. Please remain on the line for the replay information. We look forward to taking your questions. Thank you.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this conference will be made available for replay after 7:00 pm Eastern Time today until midnight, November 10. You may access AT&T Executive playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 965579. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Again those numbers are 800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 with the access code of 965579. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary K. Waggoner - Sr. VP, IR William P. Foley, II - Chairman of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Lee A. Kennedy - President and CEO of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. George Scanlon - EVP and CFO of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Parag Bhansali - Sr. VP of IR and Strategic Planning, LPS Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and CEO, Lender Processing Services, Inc. Francis K. Chan - EVP and CFO
Analysts: James Kissane - Bank of America Security Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities David Koning - Robert W. Baird Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch Global Securities Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS/LPS Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will a conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, August 5, 2008. I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Mary Waggoner, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations of FIS. Please go ahead ma'am.
Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you and good afternoon. Joining me today are Executive Chairman, Bill Foley; and Executive from the FIS and LPS management teams. To facilitate our discussion of second quarter results, and the outlook for the remainder of the year, today's call will be divided into three components; consolidated FIS, FIS on a standalone or post-spin basis, and LPS on a standalone or post-spin basis. Bill Foley will begin with an overview of FIS' consolidated second quarter results on a historical basis. Lee Kennedy, President and CEO of FIS and George Scanlon, Chief Financial Officer will follow with the discussion of FIS on a segment and standalone basis. Then we will open up the lines for approximately 15 minutes to address your questions related to FIS. Next, we will shift to Lender Processing Services. Jeff Carbiener, CEO and Francis Chan, Chief Financial Officer, will then discuss LPS' second quarter results and full year outlook. We will conclude with a Q&A session to cover LPS. Our comments today will contain references to non-GAAP and pro forma results, in order to better... in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results and schedules showing historical detail are provided in the FIS and LPS press releases, and are posted on the respective website. Both companies have included PowerPoint presentations to supplement today's discussion. The presentations are also available on the website. To facilitate your understanding of the FIS financial report, I'll provide a quick overview of the information provided in the consolidated release. Similar to last quarter, we're providing supplemental information to provide additional clarity. The historical or pre-spin FIS consolidated income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statements are presented on Exhibit A, B and C. Exhibit D includes additional detail on year-over-year comparisons for the quarter, for revenues, depreciation and amortization, and stock compensation expense. Exhibit E provides non-GAAP information along with the financial bridges to GAAP results, for EBITDA, EBIT, net earnings and cash flow. Exhibit F reports results for FIS, assuming that LPS had been discontinued in the second quarter of 2008 in the same format, we used for the 8-K filed last Friday, covering the prior five quarters. While we continue, I would like to remind you that some of the comments made on today's call will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to the risk and uncertainties described in our earnings release and other filings with the SEC. The company expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise such forward-looking statements, including annual and quarterly guidance. In addition to being recorded, this call is being webcast live over the internet. Telephone replay information is included in today's press release, and a replay will also be available on the FIS and the LPS website. Now, I will turn the call over to our Executive Chairman, Bill Foley.
William P. Foley, II - Chairman of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Mary. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'll keep my remarks brief as we have lot of information to cover, and want to leave adequate time for questions and answers. FIS delivered another solid revenue and earnings growth quarter, despite continued economic volatility. Consolidated revenue increased 19% to $1.3 billion. Organic revenue, which excludes e-Funds, increased 6.8% driven by 8.2% growth in the Lender Processing Services segment, and 6.6% growth in Transaction Processing Services. Adjusted EBITDA increased 13%, and the EBITDA margin was 24.8%. Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations was $0.66 per diluted share, an increase of 15.89%. The strong performance of both businesses demonstrates the strength of our operating models, and that the advantage that come from having diverse revenue streams, and a broadly distributed customer base. We're particularly pleased with revenue growth in the quarter and remain encouraged with new sales and renewals, and a healthy sales pipeline. While the margin was negatively impacted by the revenue mix, declines in certain mortgage origination services, and higher corporate expense, we expect profitability to improve as we continue to build scale and focus on reducing our cost structure. Lee and Jeff will provide more specific details regarding the second quarter performance and the outlook for each of the businesses later in the call. In the quarter, we repurchased 5.8 million shares for a total cost of $226 million. The remaining authority under the current authorization is $24 million. Before I turn the call over to Lee, I'll provide a review of our strategic initiatives. As FIS completed the sale of Game Cash on April 1, on July 14, we announced the sale of the Australian Check business, which we expect to complete in the fourth quarter. Lee will provide an update regarding the domestic retail from risk management business, later in the call. Recently, we successfully launched the Lender Processing Services as a new public company, and we're off to a great start. LPS recently announced the acquisition of the McDash Analytics, which complements our existing portfolio of data and analytic services. Both FIS and LPS are performing well in this very challenging environment. And we expect that trend to continue, having reaffirmed guidance for the remainder of the year. Now, I'll turn the call over to Lee for a review of FIS' second quarter results. Lee?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thanks, Bill. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for joining us today. I'll begin today's FIS business review with a summary of second quarter results, continue with an update on key business initiatives, and finish with comments on our outlook for the reminder of 2008. George Scanlon will follow me, with the second quarter FIS financial report. Jeff Carbiener and Francis Chan will conclude today's prepared remarks, with a review of LPS operating results, and the outlook for the remainder of 2008. TPS second quarter revenue increased 26.6% over prior year. Excluding e-Funds, organic revenue increased 6.6%. EBITDA increased 26%, and the EBITDA margin was 24.9%. Second quarter term fees were $9 million below prior year. Excluding term fees, organic revenue grew 8% and the EBITDA margin increased 90 basis points over prior year. Term fees for the first and second quarters were $2.2 million, compared to $14.8 million for the same period last year, demonstrating excellent retention of our customer base. FIS adjusted net earnings came in at $0.36 per diluted share. The strong organic revenue growth was driven by 34.2% increase in international and a 4.5% increase in IFS, our community institutions business, partially offset by a 7.3% decline in EBS. The strong increase in international revenue was skewed by excellent new sales in Europe, with Middle East and Asia-Pacific. Our Brazilian card processing operation also generated excellent growth. This was the first full quarter of processing for ABN which converted to our base 2000 platform in late March. The organic growth rate of the Brazilian card market remains very strong. Bradesco and ABN added over 2 million new cards during the quarter. This record increase was in part driven by a significant increase in new account issuance by ABN following its successful conversion to our new Brazilian card platform. As of the end of the quarter, we were processing for 27 million cards, about 50% of which are active, which is well ahead of plan. Enterprise banking solutions revenue declined 7.3%, compared to prior year, which was in line with our expectations. The decrease was driven primarily by an $11 million year-over-year decline in software and professional services related to the completion of the first phase of the BoA touch point project and lowered check risk management volumes. Net of these two items, EBS core bank processing revenue was neutral to prior year. We expect year-over-year EBS growth rates to improve as comps moderate in the second half of the year. Overall, FIS achieved solid organic growth across all major core and payment processing channels. Our community in international business continued to generate solid new sales with long-term contracts. The vast majority of our core processing and payment services contracts are multi-year resulting in over 86% of our total revenue being repetitive and reoccurring. Our outlook for bank technology spending has not changed from the first quarter. Our sales pipelines are still strong and with the exception of longer sale cycles for some of our U.S. software products; all product lines are generating excellent solid new sales. We are encouraged with the strength of our overseas businesses. During the quarter, we signed significant core processing deals with three leading global banks including Government Savings Bank in Thailand, National Bank of Pakistan, which is Pakistan's largest Bank, and Augsburger Bank, which is one of Germany oldest and largest direct banks. Second quarter U.S. sales were also strong. During the quarter, we signed comprehensive core processing agreements with Commerzbank, which has an asset base of $50 billion, a New York Community Bank which has assets of $30 billion and is the nation's fourth largest thrift institution. New York Community Bank, which will convert its three holding company banks to a single FIS core processing solution, is currently operating on three different competitive core processing platforms. All the five core processing fields covered today with significant competitive wins for our company. The integration of e-Funds remains on schedule, and we're making good progress in achieving $35 million in cost savings for 2008. We're also on track to achieve $65 million in cost synergies by the end of 2009. Our e-Funds prepaid card business is performing well, and is now profitable. We've make good progress in boarding new customers and we are in the process of converting American Express' prepaid card portfolio to our operating platform. Overall, e-Funds is meeting our expectations, and we are confident that the acquired new product capability and increased scale has strengthened our competitive position. We continue to focus on improving overall operating efficiencies and reducing capital usage. The new organization structure implemented earlier this year has enabled us to better leverage sales, support, and development resources, across business unit lines and geographies. It has helped us close sales that we might not have closed in the past. Commerzbank and New York Community Bank are good examples of this. It has also enabled us to reduce and better leverage capital spending. Second quarter capital expenditures totaled $52 million, compared to $75 million in the first quarter. Year-to-date capital expenditures are tracking in line with our full year guidance, which was a 10% improvement over prior year. Before I turn the call over to George, I'll provide an update on the strategic review of our retail check business. The sale of our gaming business was completed on April 1st, and as Bill mentioned, we expect to complete the sale of our Australian check risk management business in the fourth quarter. We have completed the marketing process for our remaining check risk management business. This business generated approximately $275 million of revenue in 2007, and is expected to generate $260 million in 2008. Although, it reduces our overall growth rate, it generates smarter margins, good EBITDA and requires low capital investment. While we were encouraged with the strong interest in this business, the offers received were substantially less than what we believe the business is worth. As a result, we've decided that the sales at this time would generate more earnings dilution than we are willing to accept. Therefore, we will continue to operate the business for the foreseeable future and we will revaluate our options when market conditions improved. We are pleased with the progress that we're making in our domestic and international businesses, and especially with the success that we're having in increasing the organic growth rate and cash flow of our company. Although it is clearly a difficult market, the significant new sales wins covered today provide additional visibility into 2009 and demonstrate that our sales, product, and development teams are performing well and that there is continuing solid demand for our product and services. Based on what we know today, we remain confident that the revenue and pre-tax earnings guidance communicated at our May investor day. Although we are pleased with the strength of the second quarter results, the market remain challenging and we are not prepared at this time to increase our revenue and pre-tax earnings guidance for the remainder of the year. I will now turn the call over to George for the second quarter financial results. George?
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Thank you, Lee and good afternoon everybody. As you know, we successfully completed the spin-off of LPS on July 2. We are acquired under accounting and disclosure rules to report LPS in our continuing operations at June 30th, which as the numbers reflected in the press release. As both companies are now operating independently, we also wanted to provide additional information to set the new foundation for understanding FIS operating results on a post-spin basis. Last Friday, we filed an 8-K to provide investors with a pro forma look as FIS assuming LPS was treated as a discontinued operation to the prior five quarters. Because the rules for discontinued accounting in the assumptions used in the carve out of LPS in our investor day presentations, we also provided a reconciliation back to the information we shared with you that day. The principal differences relate to the treatment of interest and corporate expenses, which are not fully allocable to discontinued operations and remain with FIS through June 30th. The slides I will use today to discuss our quarterly performance will be based on the assumption that LPS is treated as a discontinued operation for the quarter ended June 30th. We recognize the complexity of our reporting this quarter. We are hopeful that the information we provide will improve you understanding of FIS on a post-spin basis and unable you to improve your analysis. As Mary mentioned, similar to last quarter, we're also providing slides to better enable you to follow my commentary. These slides are available on our website for easy reference. I'll start with a couple of housekeeping items on page four. Consistent with our first quarter earnings report, Property Insight, which was sold in the third quarter of 2007 and three businesses sold or discontinued during the first half of 2008; FIS credit services, Certegy Game Cash and Home Financial Network are in all and will continue to be reported as discontinued operations by FIS. Beginning in the third quarter, both LPS and Certegy Australia will be reported as discontinued operations in accordance with GAAP. Financial results of Certegy Australia, the sale of which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of this year, are included in continuing operations for purposes of today's discussion, while LPS results are excluded to improve comparability for the separate companies. If you not turn the page five, we will discuss the second quarter financial results for post-spin FIS, which follow the format introduced on investor day. Second quarter revenue totaled $867.2 million, which is a 26.6% increase compared to the prior year quarter. e-Funds revenue of $137.2 million was in line with our expectations. Excluding e-Funds FIS revenue increased by 6.6% over the prior year and improved sequentially from the 4.5% growth rate we experienced in Q1 of '08. For comparative purposes, my comments pertaining to segment growth will exclude revenue from e-Funds. International revenue increased 34.2% to $192.3 million, fueled by strong growth in our core banking operations and our card business. The increase in card revenue in our Brazilian joint venture was driven by conversion of ABN AMRO in late March and augmented by strong new card issuances during the quarter. Higher account volumes in our European processing operation together with increased license and services revenue in key markets contributed to the increase in core banking. IFS revenue totaled $310.6 million, an increase of 4.5% compared to the second quarter of 2007, driven by growth across all major product lines. As Lee indicated, termination fees declined by $9 million compared to the 2007 quarter, the result of decreased consolidation activity, and strong customer retention. We have been asked by some of you to discuss the magnitude of termination fees to our quarterly results, and I added footnote one to the page to illustrate the impact. During the second quarter, we only had $1.6 million in term fees, in comparison to $10.6 million last year. So, if you normalize results, and exclude the impact of these term fees, IFS actually grew an exceptionally strong 7.9% this quarter. On average for FIS termination fees, account for less than 1% of consolidated revenue in any given year, and totaled $18.9 million in all of 2007. To date through June 30, we have realized only $2.2 million year-to-date this year. Enterprise revenue declined 7.3%, to $227.4 million in the second quarter. It's important to note that aside from the $11.2 million in revenue associated with last year's Banc of America touch point implementation, EBS core bank processing and services revenue is actually comparable to the first quarter of 2008 and the prior year quarter. Year-over-year comparisons were also negatively affected, as revenue from our check risk management business declined by approximately $6 million, compared to the prior year. The corporate other revenue line is new this quarter, and is comprised primarily of the managed operations or outsourced data processing services that we are providing to Fidelity National Financial. As discussed at our investor day, this revenue stream which was included with Lender Processing Services under the previous reporting structure is now part of FIS. Moving on to EBITDA, on page six, TPS EBITDA increased 25.9% to $216.1 million. The margin was 24.9%, compared to 25.1% in the prior year quarter, and 23.6% in Q1 of this year. Progress we made in reducing our cost structure is somewhat overshadowed by the lower termination fees, which carry a 100% margin. Growth in lower margin businesses including international, which is currently running in the low teens and to a lesser degree, pricing. Excluding the impact of term fees, margins would have been 24.8% in Q2 '08, compared to 23.9% in Q2 '07. Corporate other includes corporate overhead and our IT infrastructure, which supports our operations, and those of Fidelity National Financial. Corporate overhead included in this line was $33.4 million in the Q2 '08, compared with $23.8 million in Q2 '07. The increase is principally associated with higher stock option expense, and incentive accruals as well as the impact of the Leasing Group, whose assets were sold in the third quarter of last year. For the balance of the year, we expect corporate overhead to average $25 million for Q3 and Q4. Total depreciation and amortization was $97.9 million, versus $87 million in the second quarter of 2007, and was down slightly from the first quarter of 2008. We are expecting D&A to trend modestly higher in the third and fourth quarters, above the Q1 rate, as fully depreciated yet functional equipment remains in service for a longer period of time. Our strategy of more fully utilizing existing equipment is enabling us to reduce incremental capital spending. EBIT grow 29.6% over the prior quarter, and improved from the 19.8% growth in Q1 '08. Now, on to adjusted net earnings on page seven. Second quarter adjusted net earnings for standalone FIS totaled $70.8 million, or $0.36 per diluted share, compared to $0.29 in the 2007 quarter, and $0.28 in the first quarter of 2008. As indicated, adjusted net earnings exclude after tax integration, restructuring and spin related costs totaling $24.1 million, which were relatively higher this quarter, due to the restructuring and spin-off. Adjusted net earnings also exclude after tax purchase amortization of $23.1 million. Finally, we made adjustments for interest and corporate expenses, which were allocated to LPS in their carve out financials, but under GAAP had to remain with the parent under accounting for discontinued operations. I will reconcile this for you in a few minutes when we discuss guidance for the balance of the year. Effective tax rate in Q2 and year-to-date was 32.5%. And average outstanding shares were 194.4 million. The tax rate reflects the benefit of lower international tax rates, and certain other adjustments. Tax rate for the second half of the year for FIS is expected to approximate 35%, and we're working on strategies to lower that. Moving on to the balance sheet and free cash flow; as shown on page eight; free cash flows which is defined as operating cash flow minus capital expenditures, the $102 million year-to-date 2008. Capital expenditures in the second quarter totaled $52 million. The $27 million decline compared to the first quarter of 2008, is attributable to a reduction in international, principally associated with the ABN implementation in Brazil, and a continued focus on reducing non-strategic capital investments. We anticipate CapEx to increase in Q3, associated with e-Funds integration investment, and then decline in Q4, to below Q2 levels, and expect to meet our guidance for CapEx of between $240 million and $250 million for the year. During the quarter, we paid $9.5 million in shareholder dividends, and repurchased $5.8 million shares for a total investment of $226 million. No debt repayments were made this quarter. As indicated on page nine, FIS had approximately $4.3 billion in outstanding debt at June 30, at a weighted average effective rate at quarter-end including swaps of 5.9%. Also included is the amortization of upfront debt costs. In conjunction with the July 2nd spin-off of LPS, we retired the remaining $1.585 billion in term B debt, resulting in a current outstanding balance of $2.7 billion for FIS on a standalone basis. In connection with the retirement of this debt, we will write-off approximately $8.2 million after tax in debt origination costs in the third quarter. Our weighted average interest rate after the retirement of the Series B debt will approximate 6.3%. In the third quarter, we will make scheduled debt repayments of $13 million and at September we'll also draw against the revolver to repay $200 million in notes from the Certegy merger that are maturing and carrying a fixed rate of 4.75%. Turning to page 10, before we discuss guidance for the balance of the year, I wanted to make sure we were at the same starting point. At our investor day presentation, as some of the parts analysis, demonstrated how the guidance for the separated LPS and FIS entities equaled the consolidated earnings guidance we had established earlier this year. You may recall that for FIS, we showed adjusted earnings per share of $1.23 for 2007, with an expected range of $1.48 to $1.54 for 2008. The accounting rules for discontinued operations do not permit the full allocation of interest or corporate expenses to LPS. So, FIS will reflect those expenses in its continuing operations through June 30. These expenses have been allocated to FIS in their pro forma statements that Jeff and Francis will discuss later. We need to adjust our GAAP reported numbers for these amounts. As you can see, we have reconciled back to the $1.23 for 2007 and have provided the adjustments for the first and second quarters of 2008. For comparative purposes, the correct amounts to use for 2008 are earnings per diluted share of $0.28 and $0.36 for the second quarters respectively. As illustrated on page 11, the adjusted the corporate expense, also impacted the EBITDA margin in 2007. Accordingly, the relevant starting point is 24.6%. Now, I'll discuss our outlook for the remainder of the year as presented on page 12. As stated in today's press release, due solely to a lower than anticipated tax rate, we are revising our previously reported adjusted net earnings guidance of $1.48 to $1.54 per diluted share for full year 2008, to $1.51 to $1.57 per diluted share. Our assumptions include full year organic revenue growth of 4% to 6%, to imply that year-to-date average growth continues throughout the second half of 2008. We are projecting free cash flow of $315 million to $345 million, based on the current earnings guidance, and reiterate that capital expenditures will be within the $240 million to $250 million level. This guidance excludes after-tax adjustments of approximately $30 million in M&A, restructuring and integration costs, $18 million associated with the spin-off of OPS including retaining, corporate cost of $12.6 million and the $8.2 million write-down of debt insurance cost we will record in Q3. That concludes our prepared remarks for FIS. Now, we will open the line for questions on FIS standalone results before continuing with the LPS portion of the call. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jim Kissane from Bank of America Security. Please go ahead.
James Kissane - Bank of America Security: Thanks, and good job guys. Just, George, just want to make clear that $1.23 is the right number to use for the base in calendar '07, right for continuing operations of FIS?
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes, that's correct, Jim.
James Kissane - Bank of America Security: Okay because the 8-K was confusing on Friday as it relates to that. The FX benefits in the quarter, can you break that out?
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes, we estimate that's about $20 million in the quarter and we think that will level off toward the balance of the year, but we did enjoy the benefit of the currency appreciation.
James Kissane - Bank of America Security: Okay. And Lee in terms of the check business, do you see it stabilizing in terms of revenue over the next year or so?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes, actually we do. We think we're really... the downturn is going to slow. I think the profitability will remain fairly stable. We have a number of new models that we've introduced recently, Jim. We also have a series of larger retail merchants that have accepted price increases. So all-in-all, I think it's stable enough that we can kind on hold on to it for a while, and then we'll take a good look at the market as we move forward to see what we are going to do with that business.
James Kissane - Bank of America Security: Okay. And just an update on the e-Funds integration and the synergies being achieved?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Jim, that's right on track. We'll have $35 million by year end and over $60 million by the end of next year. So on an cost basis, it's working out quite well. We've already realized wins as a result of the combination. We've been able to leverage existing customers on the risk management side of e-Funds and sell additional products into that base, including bill payment, including loyalty card programs, including debit card processing. So, we're doing fairly well in that respect and overall I'd say it's been a good combination and exactly what we expected.
James Kissane - Bank of America Security: Okay, thanks Lee.
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Julio Quinteros from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: I like the accent there. It's great. On the business just in general, just want to make sure one thing on the post-spin income statement presentation on page 10. Some of these numbers don't match up with the Friday...with the Friday filings, so just to make sure the only component that's different there is the change in allocation related to these interest expenses. Is that correct?
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes, I mean that's correct, Julio. We did provide for Q1 and Q2 '08 the $0.03 related to the allocation of corporate costs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: And than Ridged from the $0.99 to the $1.23 which was the full year effect in 2007 of those allocations.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay, got it. Yes, that's just helpful. And then just in terms of the just want to go back to the commentary about the pricing environment, just relative to some of the competitors that have reported as well. Can you talk a little bit about what that environment looks like? Could it get worse from here? And then just in terms of what you are expected to be the key drivers for... of the growth in the core banking business that would be helpful? Thank you.
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: The portfolio, the pricing to-date has been isolated to two specific product lines. It's been isolated to community bank core processing, and that's averaging the price compression on that is historically average in the low single-digit range and it continues to do that it. It also is centered around debit card processing. That's something not anything new with debit card processing, for the last ten years we have moderate price compression in that area and it's isolated specifically to transaction processing charges and processing the debit transactions, processes that surround debit card processing. And literally, have not been affected in terms of price compression at all. So figure low single-digits in that range for the debit card processing, consistent with what we've seen for a long period of time and then on the core processing side, community banks only low single-digit or so.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And just to kind of circle back to the first quarter, when you had a little bit of an update in terms of what you guys were seeing into a quarter. You guys took some aggressive step at that point in time to sort of help out there on the cost side. Can you just kind of give us an update in terms of whether that trend has continued and what the benefits are that we should expect to see for the rest of this year?
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: It actually had, it's pretty much Julio, the way it's operating today is very similar to what we saw in the first quarter. It was isolated to larger software licenses, larger tier 1 institutions. We think the exposure remains at about $60 million on an annual basis. And if you really back and look at the numbers on the performance of EBS this quarter, that's pretty consistent with that. And that's where the downside is. As far as the expense take out, that's on track and on target. We've taken out about $30 million worth of expense to compensate for that downturn in revenue and we've replaced that revenue to a large extent with lower... some lower margin revenue international that will ramp up as we get through... move through the remainder of the year, and then some other card processing revenue domestically, which has pretty strong margins, so the expense cuts are still offsetting the revenue run off that we talked about, the slow down on the larger tier bank side.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin from Wachovia Securities. Please go ahead.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Thanks. I want to circle back to an earlier question about the e-Funds cost synergies. I know you are still on track for the full year, but what should we be excepting in the back half or said in other way, what you guys are seeing in the first half?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: It's ramped up towards the second half of the year. It took some time to get the expense out, so I think you should see a larger percentage of that in the second half of the year versus the six half or the first half of the year.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: So more than 50%, you would be comfortable with?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I would be comfortable with that, yes.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: And then what about other $30 million you guys called out last quarter. We identified cost savings you would expect?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes, that's cost savings within the operations in current businesses, within EBS and some international cost take out, some IFS cost take out and that pretty very much has been taken out already. We took... moved quickly on that so the expense cuts were made last quarter and end of this quarter and it ramps and you have an annualized number of about $30 million in cost savings just to move forward.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Okay. But the majority of that is already been achieved so we wouldn't expect that to ramp in the back half?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: You'll have about... that's correct.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Okay. so we'll see more of a ramp, okay. And then the... I thought I heard you say international margins in the low teen. Did I hear that right?
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes, that's right Dan, this is George. We did see as we said very significant growth in Brazil in the card processing operation and incurred start up costs in connection with the roll out of the ABN platform, which hurt margins in the quarter, but as you saw from the revenue, we feel very good going forward about that. But there is always some start up cost that you have to work through, in training people and getting the productivity up both from the people and the systems, and it's about a 90-day process that we're working through.
William P. Foley, II - Chairman of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: We're actually hired over a 1000 new employees in Brazil over the last six month to staff the three call centers that we operate for our client base. Surely, those call centers are new call centers that we established to prepare for the conversion of ABN and also Bradesco. So the learning curve will take a number of months to shake out, but as it does shake out and the operators and staff members become more efficient, you'll see increased leverage in our business.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: And then I guess two questions on Bradesco; one is you're already processing I guess some Bradesco cards, but not 10 million that are going to be converted later this year?
William P. Foley, II - Chairman of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes, we actually processing more cards currently than they'll convert in and the issuing rate is just very, very strong. It's well over $1 million cards per quarter. So we are going to start handling some of their call center activities over the next few months and move some of the activities and some of the services into Newco [ph] away from the back office of the banks, so it'll gradually start to convert the next few months and then wrap up sometime next year.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And then based on that, significant growth you are seeing in Bradesco, is there risk pushing off the card conversion to 2009?
William P. Foley, II - Chairman of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: There really isn't the growth that we have currently in Brazil is so far over what we expected that will more than compensate for any push one way or the other, a month or two of that conversion. The actual issuing rates of the two largest institutions that are currently on our system, are way, way higher than what we expected. So, we are pleased with the ramp up of volumes and the new accounts that are being added, that will keep us in really good shape.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Excellent. And then, one last question and I'll jump off. The... should we expect another accelerated stock comp charge in third quarter or should this be the last quarter? And then at the run rate that we should be looking at really the $11 million or the $13 million?
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: There actually... Dan there won't be an acceleration, that was associated with e-Funds options, and the actual run rate for FIS post-spin going forward, should be about $8.5 million.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Okay. So, in the back half of the year is like little over $16 million, $17 million.
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: That's about right yes.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Okay. So, that will come down quite a bit. And then, should we expect in the back half of the year, for there to be another adjustment for the corporate costs of LPS non-discontinued op, you had $12 million of it in the first half, does that just go away in the back half?
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: That does go away, and I incorporated that into my outlook when I said that we expect the corporate expenses to gravitate down to 25%.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Yes. Got it, Okay, I just wanted to make sure I understood it. Thank you very much.
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Koning from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: Yes. Hey guys, nice job. And just a couple of quick ones. I guess the tax rate for the year, looks like it'll average somewhere around the 34% range. Is that kind of the sustainable rate going forward that we should model into '09? I just want to kind of understand any puts and takes into '09 including that, and then it sounds like the stock comp is actually going to be a positive in '09, given you're not going to have that recurrence of that accelerated stock comp?
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes, I guess two things Dave. One, we guided to a second half rate of 35%. And I think, at this point, that's the rate I would use. I mentioned that we're looking at some tax planning strategies, and the overall rate and our ability to take it down will depend on the amount of, among other things, foreign source income we've got. So, I would say at this point to use 35, and we'll update you guys in the balance of the year on that rate. But, we did enjoy a lower rate in the first half and the blended rate will be just north of 34% for the year, as we adjust it.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. And just one follow-up, the free cash flow, it looks like it's going to be greater than earnings, it looks like the guidance is somewhere in the $1.60 to $1.80 range per share of free cash flow. Is that type of conversion sustainable going forward, meaning should free cash flow might be greater than say, over the next several years?
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, I think if... one of the things that obviously we're trying to focus on, is lowering the capital intensity of our business and we're making progress on that. And still have more I think, opportunity. Also looking at working capital, and I think finally, strategically we have exited some businesses that were big consumers of working capital that were really hidden inside our cash flow. So, as we exit those businesses, and get that cash back into the system, I think we'll be perceived and in reality be a much more cash efficient company. But I think the answer to your question, it should be yes, it does depend on the mix of the businesses. But, overall, if we can bring the CapEx rate down to that 5% to 7% revenue target, which we talked about in investor day, we think we can sustain that.
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: Great, thank you.
Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: I think we probably have time for one more question, so that we allow time for LPS.
Operator: And our last question comes from line of Greg Smith with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch Global Securities: Hello. First on the check business, since it sounds like you are now keeping the U.S. retail check business, I mean the revenue is not actually impressive, they're falling by the amount you said. But, how do we get comfortable that the loss rates are manageable, and something won't come and bite us here in this kind of economic environment?
William P. Foley, II - Chairman of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Well, it's all the matter of how we manage the models, and the outer ribbons that control the risk of the sale. And, we have a whole series of new models that we recently introduced and the results that we have on those models Greg are just... are very, very encouraging. We also, in addition to that, have a series of price increases that we're implementing with key major merchants, who we'll typically in the past been in the marginal position. They're now, with these price increases showing pretty significant improvements in profitability. So, the combination of those two items we're very comfortable that we're going to be able to maintain profitability in that business. The new models have a wide range of consumer attributes attached to the risk management systems that drive upon the sales terminals that we have in place. And they're proving to be very, very accurate in detecting fraud at the point of sales. So, so far so good, and it's a matter of making sure those models perform the right way, and so far, we're very comfortable, we're going to do that.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch Global Securities: Okay. And then on the international margins, there was already some discussion on that. But, I mean, there is no structural reason, and nothing with the pricing of the business internationally, that would inhibit those margins from reaching kind of comparable U.S. margins. Is that a fair statement?
William P. Foley, II - Chairman of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I don't think they're going to get quite to the U.S. card margins. I'll take the card business first, because we have so many cards that are operated on one system in the U.S. so you've got a whole lot of leveraging, you sell a lot of full service products attached to that to the core engines with a transaction processing and that drive those margins up. But certainly, when you look at the margins internationally, we're looking for middle double-digits somewhere in that range, maybe a little bit above, and we think that's very achievable.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch Global Securities: Okay. And then, just a quick one to wrap up, just on, as far as the tax strategies, and if you are able to bring down that tax rate, that has a direct cash flow benefit correct? I mean, that's something that just would result all things being equal more cash flow, or on a free cash flow?
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Yes, that's right. Lower tax rates are good for cash flow.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch Global Securities: Okay. And any... do you have any kind of longer term target where that tax rate could go 2 to 3 years down?
George Scanlon - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: I think as we obviously, coming out of a spin, and again I think it depends on our international growth, because we do benefit from a lower tax rate internationally. So, the first quarter or first half of the year, at 32.5 was probably lower, but we're hopeful as I said that the second half rate of 35, there is some opportunity to take that down. And then drive a sustainably lower rate over time. But, I would stay at 35 range right now.
William P. Foley, II - Chairman of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: If we have visibility into a significant number of new accounts that we recently signed that will start generating international revenue and profitabilities we move through 2009. If you add up Bradesco, when you add up Deutsche Bank, and you add up Augsburger and Pakistan and Thailand, and the ones that we recently announced, we're well over $100 million in revenue that will start to play in and feed in, as we hit 2009. So, that obviously, will be benefited on the... we will benefit from that on the tax side, because that's international business.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch Global Securities: Okay. We will keep in our back pocket for now, thank you.
William P. Foley, II - Chairman of Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.: Very good. Thank you.
Prepared Text:
Operator: Thank you, I would now like to turn the call over to Parag Bhansali, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations of LPS. Please go ahead.
Parag Bhansali - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Planning, LPS: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the LPS portion of today's conference call. Joining me today to review LPS' second quarter results are Jeff Carbiener, President and CEO; and Francis Chan, Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussions will be based on LPS carve out financials, consistent with what was presented in the Form 10 and what will essentially be the basis for LPS as a standalone company going forward. Also, our discussion will contain references to non-GAAP and pro forma results, in order to provide a more meaningful presentation and comparison to prior period. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results are provided in today's earnings release. This is also available on our website. We will be using a PowerPoint presentation to facilitate today's review of our second quarter results. These slides have also been posted to our website. Now, I'd like to take a minute to walk you through our earnings release and related exhibits. As you'll notice, all of the quantitative detail is in the exhibits accompanying the release, which also includes historically information. Exhibit A, B and C are the usual consolidated income statement, balance sheet and cash flow. Exhibit D includes supplemental financial information, with current and trailing five quarters for revenue, including segment level data, depreciation and amortization, capital expenditures and stock compensation expense. Exhibit E provides non-GAAP financial information, along with the financial bridges back to GAAP results for EBIT, net earnings and cash flow. Also, as you may know, we've 8-K last Friday, that provided historical LPS carve out information by quarter for the nine quarters, starting with first quarter 2008, going back to first quarter of 2006. This combined with a historical annual information in the Form -10, will provide you with extensive detail of LPS financial history. This expanded disclosure and presentation should facilitate your analysis and make it easier to understand the LPS story. Before I turn it over to Jeff, I would like to remind you the some of the comments made on today's call will contain forward-looking statements. The statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties describe in our earnings release Form 10 and our other filings with the SEC. The company expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise those forward-looking statements including quarterly and annual guidance. With that I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: Thanks Parag, and good afternoon. I'll will begin with the review of second quarter results including an update on our key business initiatives and will conclude with the outlook for the remainder of 2008. Francis Chan will follow with the detailed review of the financials. We are off to a solid start of the standalone public company. As you all know, LPS was spun off from FIS on July 2nd 2008, and while it entailed a significant amount of effort from many employees, the transition was smooth and virtually seamless. Operationally the LPS business is already ran autonomously; and from a corporate function standpoint, we have made all the changes in realignment necessary for us to operate as a standalone company. We are very excited about the prospects that lie ahead and our focus on enhancing shareholder value. Before I review the financials, I would like to note that while the broader economic environment is sluggish and the mortgage market in particular challenging, LPS is uniquely well-positioned to offer solutions to lending institutions to help them through this period and in fact enable them to realize much sort after efficiencies and cost savings. We are very pleased with our second quarter, and year-to-date revenue growth as consolidated revenues grew 8.3% during the quarter, and 10.5% year-to-date driven primarily by continued strong performance in default services. Operating income growth was 8.7% for the quarter and 12.5% year-to-date resulting an operating margins of 23.7% for the quarter and 23.5% year-to-date, which is the 40 basis points improvement over the last year. The growth in operating income was the primary contributor to the increase in adjusted earnings per share to $0.61 for the quarter and $1.16 year-to-date. The financial performance in the second quarter and year-to-date was in line with the expectations and trends discussed during Investor Day and subsequent road shows. Our revenue growth continues to be impacted by accelerating foreclosure activity and stable loan servicing accounts, which more than offset the impact of declining year-over-year origination and refinance volumes. Additionally, revenue growth was influenced in the current quarter by the annualization of a large appraisal contract signed in the second quarter of 2007, and another large customer that shut down its wholesale lending channel during the quarter. Although our operating margins are up for the year, they were flat in the second quarter as the positive margin impact from growth in default services was offset by margin contraction and a few of our origination base services. Specifically, volume declines drove margins down in our tax, flood, and the 1031 exchange businesses; and high margin loan originations offer sales were down during the quarter as would be anticipated in the current environment. We expect origination volumes to stabilize in the later part of 2008, which should have a positive impact on all our origination based services. While we are pleased with top and bottom-line results, as I noted earlier, we're dealing with difficult marketing conditions. Our results, however, reflect the strong balanced model that we able capitalizes on opportunities regardless of market conditions. Moving on to review the business segments, starting with technology, data, and analytics or TD&A. While TD&A revenues were essentially flat year-over-year and MSP we continue to resign all major customer contracts as they come up for renewal. Thus far in 2008, we have successfully renewed seven contracts representing only 12 million loans including our top two customers. We also continue to win new business with the signing of American Home Funding and Fannie Mae, and we successfully completed the conversion of Chase's subprime portfolio in early July. This conversion was a major milestone in the process to convert the larger Chase prime portfolio in mid 2009 and was viewed by the customer as a very high quality implementation. In our other TD&A services, strong demand continues for our work flow automation system or desktop as we signed agreement that should build more than $20 million in annualized revenues, once all services are implemented. Additionally, as I mentioned earlier, although sales of loan of origination platforms slowed in the first half of the year. We have begun to see some of improvement and recently signed a top tier bank to our power platform. The sales pipeline and TD&A remains strong with numerous opportunities in MSP including a number of first mortgage opportunities and a growing interest in utilizing MSP to service HELOC portfolios. Outside of MSP, we continue to see strength in the desktop sales pipeline driven by continued opportunities and foreclosure and REO as well as opportunity to expand desktop platform into the other areas in the lender servicing operations. In our data and our analytics areas, we recently announced the acquisition of McDash and the consolidation of all data and analytical services into one operating unit called the Applied Analytics. Lending institutions have indicated a strong desire for analytical and predictive to not only help with risk management, but with refining operational processes like loan underwriting. Our new capabilities and organizational alignment will better position us to leverage those opportunities. Moving on to other major segment, loan transaction services or LPS revenues for the quarter were solid 14.4% above last year. The business segment, loan facilitation services, which includes our origination and refinance related services had revenues to decline inline with the genera market decline. We continue to remain optimistic about the market beginning to stabilize later this year and into 2009. And while this is difficult time in the market to transport outsourcing and centralization of underwriting continue, and we remain well positioned to gain additional market share and drive greater product penetration, and usage of services within existing customers. Specifically during the quarter, we signed agreements to expend the services provided to regions financial, and to provide new services applied to our wholesale. Of all services more than made up the decline in loan facilitation services, as revenues grew 89.7% compared to last year, driven by strong growth and co-curricular activity and increasing demand for our services that support all activities over the foreclosure and REO lifecycle. Clients in this environment are constantly evaluating the scope, time line and economics of managing services in the default area and our comprehensive suite of default management services enables us to manage the outsourcing of these services and deliver meaningful efficiencies to our customers. Additionally, by leveraging our market leading positions in desktop and for closer services and the type integration of our other services like default title and REO management into our core technology platforms, we have continued to expand our market share across all of our default product lines. Specifically during the quarter, we signed a number of agreements including new or expanded default title agreements with three of the nation's top lenders. Bottom line: our ability to enable customers to complete services more easily, quickly, and less expensively creates a win-win situation. LPS has them and continues to outperform essentially all market metrics in the mortgage and real estate space. We remain focused on our key growth drivers and the favorable market dynamics such as the continued life of quality, the need for lenders to lower internal costs and the movement by lenders towards centralized lending. These dynamics combined with our market leading products position us well for continued growth. From a guidance stand point, we are reiterating 7% to 9% revenue growth in 2008. Additionally, we expect continued increase in foreclosure activity over the foreseeable future, stabilizing origination and refinance activity in late 2008, mortgage share gains and existing products, and continued expansion of our technology and plot capabilities to support an annual growth rate of 6% to 9% from long-term prospective. From the segment view, while we expect revenues and TD& A to be late in 2008, we also expect to see long-term growth rate, return to historical levels beginning in 2009 and beyond. This is based on continued mortgage share gains by existing customers, a strong pipeline of first mortgage and HELOC MSP prospects, significant opportunities and desktop data and analytics, and other TD&A services, and large conversion such as the Chase prime portfolio and Wachovia's HELOC portfolio currently scheduled for conversion in the late 2009 or early 2010 timeframe. In LPS, we expect strong growth trends in default to continue to offset weakness and loan facilitation revenues streams and drive growth in the low to mid teams for 2008. Additionally, the long-term origination refinance and default trends, and expected market share gains I mentioned earlier should support solid long-term growth in LPS. As we noted in prior calls, challenges in the mortgage industry continue to represent significant opportunities for LPS. It is also important to know that much of the growth in the loan transaction services businesses continues to be driven by the long standing and deep mortgage processing relationships, we have with most of the nation's top financial institutions. From an adjusted earnings standpoint, we are reiterating the guidance we gave at our investor day in late May. However, given a lower share account, this translates to $2.36 to $2.48 per diluted share as opposed to the earlier adjusted EPS guidance of $2.34 to $2.46 per share. Before I turn the call over to Francis, I want to emphasis again that LPS is well-positioned to not only weather these challenging times, but in fact benefit from them. Our strong market position in each of our businesses, combined with our balanced portfolio, should allow us to grow profitably as the standalone company, and deliver above of average returns to our shareholders. Now, I'll turn it over the Francis, who will review the financials in greater detail. Francis?
Francis K. Chan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Jeff, and good afternoon. We have slides that I'll refer to as you go through my comments. These slides have been posted to our website for easy reference. As you can see under the revenue slide on page 3, second quarter consolidated revenues increased 8.3% over the prior year. Technology data and analytics or TD&A revenues were essentially consistent year-over-year; our loan transaction services revenues grew 14.4%. Moving on to the business segments, starting with TD&A; revenue of $141.7 million for the quarter were consistent compared to last year. Mortgage processing revenues of $82 million, declined slightly, primarily due to the de-conversion of the ABN's $1.5 million loan portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2007. Average number of loans processed were $26.9 million, compared to $28.4 million in the prior year quarter. Other TD&A revenues of $59.7 million were up slightly, compared to the same period last year, mainly due to the continued strong demand for work flow automation tool, known as desktop, somewhat offset by lower revenues in the loan origination offerings. Moving onto our other segment, loan transaction services; revenues for the quarter of $322.3 million were a solid 14.4% above last year. Within this segment, loan facilitation, which includes front end origination related services revenues of $120.5 million, declined 29.6%, compared to last year, primarily due to lower appraisal volumes and lower revenues intact, flood, and our 1031 property exchange services. Offsetting a trend in originations, revenues for default services were $197.2 million and 89.7% increase, compared to last year. During the quarter, we saw a strong increases in proposes [ph] nationwide, and coupled with strong demand for our services. we continue to expand our market leading presence. To recap, despite difficult market conditions and a tough economic environment, our results reflect the highly diversified model that we believe will enable us to grow throughout the various cycles of ht industry. Moving on to the EBIT slide on page 4; operating income for the quarter of $109.1 million, increased 8.7% compared to the second quarter 2007. Margins increased slightly year-over-year, and improved 40 basis points sequentially. TD&A margins for the quarter declined compared to last year, primarily due to lower income from some of the higher margin loan origination software and data and analytics offerings somewhat offset by higher income in mortgage processing and desktop. Year-to-date margins however were 50 basis points higher, compared to last year. Loan transaction services margins for the quarter grew compared to the second quarter 2007 as lower income from some of our origination rated services, such as tax and our 1031 profit exchange businesses, were more than offset by higher income in default services. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter came in at $20.9 million, and was in line with our expectations. It was lower compared to the second quarter of 2007, consistent with lower capital expenditure trends, and decline purchase amortization. Corporate expenses net of non-recurring charges reached totaled $11.8 million were higher than in prior period, mainly due to higher incentive and stock-related compensation. Nowon the pro forma adjusted net earnings slide on page 5. On a pro forma basis, adjusted net income for the second quarter was $57.8 million or $0.61 per share compared to $51.5 million or $0.53 per share, up 15.1% on a per-share basis. These amounts exclude the after tax of restructuring charges, and purchase amortization, but include pro forma interest expense, as if our new $1.6 billion debt facilities were in place as of the beginning of the 2007. We will feel this presentation provides a more accurate depiction of our current and go-forward financial performances. Moving on to the free cash flow slide on page 6; pro forma adjusted free cash flow for the six months ended June 30, was $86.7 million, compared to $78.1 million for the same period in 2007. Year-to-date capital expenditures totaled $25.1 million, compared to $25 million in 2007. Note that the second quarter 2008 cash flow was below the first quarter due to a customer funded payment of $82 million, associated with a tax service business. $82 million were in inflow in the first quarter, and an outflow in the second quarter. Historically, these tax payments come in April, and are paid out in the same quarter and thus cash flow wouldn't seem as volatile as it did this year. Now I'd review the outlook for the remainder of 2008. As you can see on the guidance slide on page 7, based on current trends, we expect third quarter adjusted earnings to be in the range of $0.60 to $0.62 per diluted. Share since this third quarter will be our first quarter as a standalone public company, we are providing a more detailed guidance of this period. For 2008, we are reiterating our revenue guidance of 7% to 9%. Note that this implies a slight moderation in growth rate for the second half of 2008, which is due to the annualization of certain large appraisal contracts, and known volumes declines with certain of our customers. While we expect mortgage processing revenues to decline modestly in 2008, continued market share gains by existing customers, our strong pipeline of HELOC prospects along with the conversion of Chase's prime portfolio mid 2009, and Wachovia's HELOC portfolio, currently targeted for late 2009 or early 2010. We expect continued growth in this business over the next few years. As in a size, we successfully converted Chase's sub-prime portfolio in the early July. In the other TD&A segment, we expect revenues to be up slightly in 2008 so that for TD&A in total as we noted in our Investor Day, we expect revenues to be consistent year-over-year. Given the challenging and origination of refi [ph] markets against the backdrop of a sluggish economy, we expect loan facilitation services revenues to be down in 2008. We expect a decline for the remainder of 2008 to moderate as we annualize through easier comparisons due to the steeper declines from a year ago, especially in fourth quarter of 2007. However, as Jeff noted, market trends and dynamics, such as continued flight to quality, a trend to outsource, centralized lending and a need for lenders to lower internal costs will continue to benefit us. We remain confident that we are well-positioned to perform better than the market metrics and we'll continue to growth when the market stabilizes. On the default services side, we are well-positioned to expand on growth. We expect growth for the remainder to 2008 to moderate, as we bump into last year's strong growth periods. As we've noted in the past, based on our current projections, demand for outsource defaults services is expected to remain strong over the next few years. For the year, we continue to expect operating income growth to be in the range of 6% to 8%, which incorporates the incremental public company costs. Moving on to adjusted earnings, which incorporates the incremental public company costs, as well as interest expense on a new debt facilities. Our outlook for the full year 2008 remains unchanged, which now translates to $2.36 to $2.48 per diluted share, compared to our earlier guidance of $2.34 to $2.46 per diluted share solely due to the lower shares outstanding of $95.1 million shares for the current quarter, and $95.7 million shares for the full year. For free cash flow, we are reiterating the guidance of $193 million to $228 million for 2008. However, we expect to be lower-end of the guidance based on larger working capital adjustments, primarily due to our continued growth in default services. The other free cash flow assumptions are: one, the current earnings guidance, the estimated capital expenditures of $65 million to $75 million, which is more heavily weighted towards the second half of the year, and total depreciation and amortization of approximately $95 million. Finally, our guidance excludes $3.3 million after-tax restructuring and spin-related charges, which were incurred in the first half of 2008. On a go forward basis, we do not expect to incur these expenses. Now I'll turn the call over to operator, for the Q&A portion of the call. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Greg Smith with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch Global Securities: Yes, hi guys, nice start. Can you give you just us an update on how you think things may play out with Banc of America and Countrywide?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: Yes. Sure, Greg. The deal is not closed, and we actually had a meeting with a senior management team that's going to run the combined company's mortgage operations going forward; that meeting occurred last week. And, we didn't give any update on the lean 2 decisions. They haven't made any final decisions at this point regarding MSP and appraisal. From our standpoint, it was good meeting, both sides did recognize; that's over each important customers and partners. We did discuss a number of new opportunities and we'll be attempting to finalize those opportunities over the coming months as we learn about the lean 2 decisions on the other offering. So, we still think that the statements we made back during Investor Day, and later I guess in Investor Day that this should not have an impact on either current or go-forward guidance are still valid.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch Global Securities: Okay, excellent. And then what about an update on the appraisal situation with Andrew Hummer's [ph] proposal; where does that exactly stand and how do you see that playing out?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: Well, I wish to put some of these things to bet. We get these questions every time. But what I'll say is that, there is still a ground floor of opposition against the current proposal from, you name it, Federal regulators, the Industry Congresses et cetera. And it makes us cautiously optimistic as to the outcome. But to be honest with you, we're not going to be comfortable until the final position is filed, and they haven't announced any specific time table for giving a final decision. What I would say, is with that January deadline looming, but if they don't make the call in the next couple of weeks, they're going to have to either extend the deadline or make it go away. But again, based on the amount of opposition we've seen from pretty much every angle coming at this thing, we feel petty good about, where it will shake out.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch Global Securities: Okay, great, and then just lastly, where are default margins today?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: Default margins have continued to increase from an operating standpoint, from an EBITDA standpoint not that big a gap and just a peer default margins you see within loan transaction services, not a whole lot of D&A. So, they're in let's just say the mid to high 20s.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch Global Securities: Great, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Great. Jeff, I guess, since I have a chance to just kind of free on this bottom of default side, given the trajectory that we are seeing on default right now, what in the data would really suggest the default volumes from here would moderate? I mean, I understand that the year-over-year comps are tough. You had a tough comp to begin the year with and yet you still grew almost 90%. Can you just walk us through what the assumptions are for moderation from current levels?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: Yes, I won't... I'm looking to give you exacts for default, but I mean just look at in terms of the sequential growth you saw in '07. From Q1 to Q2, you saw sequential revenue growth of what about $3 million, Francis?
Francis K. Chan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: And then as you we advanced in the Q3 and Q4, that's when you really did start to see pretty explosive growth last year, I think we jumped up $19 million from Q2 to Q3. We picked another $23 million from Q3 to Q4. So just based on the absolute of dollars of increases we saw last year, that's what... and that's what's causing us to temper our growth somewhat. We certainly aren't.... we certainly do see continued foreclosure activity as a strength and we're continuing to pick up market share.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just in terms of the metrics that you guys have talked about in the past, is there any updated view in terms of what the mortgage default rate really should be for '08? I mean it seems like all the data we are seeing right now is actually higher?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: Well, our models do show again. Let me give you specifics, but our models do show that default trends should continue to increase through '08. Our models actually show a continuous through '09 and '10, and starts to moderate in '11. So from our standpoint looking out, if we were to give you our projections for the next three years, I mean that's one of the reasons we feel comfortable with the 6% to 9% long term growth rate, as we don't see default trends slowing right now. And frankly on the origination side, we do think that just based on getting to easy year-over-year comps once we get to our comparison based over Q4 '07, in other words get off to Q4 of '08. We are estimating any radical increase in origination activity that puts us in a very favorable spot moving forward.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So, by the time... I guess I am just trying to sort of accept it. By the time the default part starts to decelerate, your expectation as the origination component would actually begin kick in again?
Francis K. Chan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No it flattened or modestly increase. I guess the one thing I would say Julio was that when you are looking at the cycles as they pass, we... the cycle that we don't like is the cycle where you're seeing significant declines in origination based activity without the increases in default. Because just based on the sheer amount of origination and refinance activity when those numbers start to fall, they can fall in terms of $3 million, $4 million, and $5 million transactions per year.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Right.
Francis K. Chan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: When you're looking at default, exploding from '06 to '07, it's going from 600,000 transaction to 1.2 million. So when you start to see that default trend turn down out in the 2011 time frame, it's going to be coming down in terms of hundreds of thousands of transactions. You don't need a whole lot of lift on the origination of refi site to offset that. And with the way we've been gaining market share on the origination of refi site. We feel pretty good about ability offset that degradation when it does occur.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Understood. And then just in terms of the components within loan facilitation settlement appraisal and the other origination services as we used to have those disclosed, can you just give us a sense for where the year-over-year drags were and may be just some majors for growth rates and each one of those components?
Francis K. Chan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I don't think we want to get into all of the details of each of those components. But I think as we've talked about in the past, we've got a component that is for example our tax services, our tender exchange, our flood. Those really kind of trend with the market metrics and especially with our tax services that were more focused on the subprime. We really saw some decreases inline with our...in the case of tax assets worse than in really market matrix for the focus on subprime portfolio. Going foreword, as Jeff mentioned, we do into some easier comps, just because of the huge decline, in late loss the 2007.
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: I think if you are looking at the changes in the revenue growth on LPS versus prior quarters... we've always... we've always struggled with that bucket that Francis describing as all other, which is taxable at IPEX [ph]. That's always moved with the market and now things changed there. We continue to outperform the market on our settlement service side. Our revenue growth or deceleration in revenues with under 10% versus a very poor market. The real change was on the appraisal side this quarter. And I think we've given you guys good visibility into that, because we knew the BoA was going to age out in Q2. We knew that one of our large customers had given us the heads up that they were shutting down the wholesale operation. So that's really the group that came off and started running with the statistics. I will tell you though in looking forward on appraisal, I think once this New York AG situation resolved itself, assuming it resolves itself the way we think it will, it will unlock the market. Because you have some lock in the market right now, folks are just waiting lenders are waiting to decide on what they want to do from a long-term standpoint on appraisals until the things sorts out; they don't make a move and then have to pull back on it.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Jeff, sorry just to that point and so the biggest surprise in terms of the quarterly quarter drag on the appraisal side was the hostel [ph] operation that was shut....effectively shut down in the quarter.
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: Well,we had mentioned that even thought it's early as...
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Francis K. Chan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: In the Investor Day, so I wouldn't say it was a surprise. It's just now we've moved to a point, where appraisal right now was moving more to market metrics?
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Got it, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thomas Eagan [ph] from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, thanks. Just one quick question for Francis. You went over that cash inflow and outflow in the first quarter and second quarter pretty quickly and I missed it. Could you just explain that to us again and is that the reason we see the big swing in working capital between 1Q and 2Q?
Francis K. Chan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes,that is the primary reason for the working capital change Q1 and Q2 and, and it's... it was $82 million and what that relates to its that one of our services in our tax business is to pay property taxes of the behalf of our customers. Generally this we received a payment and we process that we received the cash and we processed the payments in April in back in Q1 or in close to the March 31. We actually received the cash ahead of time this year. And therefore as inflow at the end of first quarter and obviously subsequent to that again we dispersed those property tax payments and so net-net you really... in past historically that's all in the second quarter and therefore I think in this case into the whole six months, it's a better depiction, because it's just a little noise; it's in and out and it's $82 million.
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: Yes, so adjust for the $82 million and you have seen $40 million free cash flow in Q1. You have seen $47 million in free cash flow in Q2. The one comment I'll make clearly is the real proof of how we're going to operate is how cash flow is started to flow in and from a point in time, we became a standalone entity. And what I'll say is that we started off with day one of spin. We bought no cash over with us, no one restricted cash. We did bring a small amount of restricted cash and we started out with our revolver and what Francis said about $25.7 million of draw down on the revolver to fund our debt insurance costs. And over our first 30 days of operations, we've not had to draw down anything additionally on that revolver not from day one forward, so we've have been cash flow positive since day one. We've already paid down the 25.7 million revolver and started to build up a cash balance, so we feel good about our cash flow out of the box.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Nik Fisken from Stephens Incorporated. Please go ahead.
Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc: Hey, good afternoon everybody.
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: How are you doing?
Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc: I'm doinggreat. On that free cash flow, can you kind of walk us through what you think you are going to do with it as we go forward?
Francis K. Chan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. One of our primary objective is obviously to kind of pay down debt. We'll have dividends above $0.40 per share, $10 million a quarter. And beyond that we do have some CapEx requirements. We targeted $65 million to $75 million for the year. And beyond that, I think it would be... we want to maintain the flexibility.
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: Yes. Really, we've signed up for mandatory debt pay downs of about $140 million per year. So that's the target. the $40 million in dividends that Francis mentioned obviously the CapEx for these that he is talking about. Those are the main uses that we've guided forward to this point. To be honest with you, if you look at our free cash flows as we're checking them out this year. If we apply the growth rate that we have long-term growth rates that we have talk about, the 50 basis point margin expansion we think we can achieve through over the next few years 2009 to 2011 will generate a significant amount of cash flow and we haven't guided market for the complete use of cash flow. We are holding that until we see how the market reacts to our stock to what options are. We'll make the best use of the cash as it comes available.
Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc: And on the earlier question on the Bank America, Countrywide; was the topic of discussion more how can we keep all and get Countrywide's MSP business or kind of walk us just some of the other products you were talking about?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: Well, you have to go back and look at overall relationship with BoA. We've shown schedules in the past that show that we have about 29 different product categories. BoA already uses us for 23. Countrywide uses us for 16. They're both top five revenue producers for us. Last year, they were both top five organic growers for us. So, our conversation with those entities are how do we expand all of our business relationships. They've clearly seen that we demonstrate value and helping them with front end centralized settlement and closing services. We help them with some ongoing front end services like flood processing. We helped them with obviously on the servicing side with BoA. We provide certain default products to both Countrywide and BoA. So we help them across to gamete of mortgage services. So we are consistently talking to them about how we can add value across the whole gamete. So no, what is focused and how do we retain in MSP business. We clearly talked to them how we think we can give them a good value to stay in our system, because we think that we are the most efficient out there. We clearly have the most scale with our $27 million loans versus any individual player in the marketplace, but we'll work with them as they ask us to work with them, and we'll be a good partner, and we'll expand revenue relationships in other areas regardless.
Nik Fisken - Stephens Inc: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Hope [ph] from OSS Capital. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi actually it's Tim. Could you guys clarify how you expect to the New York AG issue to be resolved and how you kind could expect it will impact LPS?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: What I would project right now is that's I know based on what I've seen come down from again the Federal regulators and everybody who's thrown up proposition to this particular proposal, my best guess into today is that we will be allowed operate in the marketplace and provide appraisal services as well as that the settlement services. You'll see the major banks continue to be able to provide appraisal services on an in-house basis. But we'll all have to operate to a code of conduct, and certify that code of conduct. That's my best estimate, but that... again, that's coming from me, that's not coming from the regulators themselves; that's my best shot.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks.
Operator: And there are no further question. And [indiscernible]with any closing remarks.
Parag Bhansali - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategic Planning, LPS: Thanks everyone for joining us. And if there are other questions, feel free to give us a call.
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - President and Chief Executive Officer, Lender Processing Services, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation, and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary K. Waggoner - Sr. VP, IR William P. Foley, II - Executive Chairman Lee A. Kennedy - President and CEO Jeffrey S. Carbiener - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Jim Kissane - Bear Stearns Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FIS First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host. Ms Mary Waggoner, please go ahead.
Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you and good afternoon. Joining me today to review our first quarter results are Bill Foley, Executive Chairman; Lee Kennedy, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jeff Carbiener, Chief Financial Officer. In addition to being recorded, this call is being audio cast live over the internet. Telephone replay information is included in today's press release and a replay will be also be available on our website. Today's discussion will contain references to non-GAAP and pro forma results in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the period presented. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results and schedules showing historical detail are provided in today's press release, which is also available on our website. We have included a power point presentation to supplement today's review of our first quarter results. The slides which are posted on our website are available in both HTML and PDF format. Before we continue, I would like to remind you that some of the comments made on today's call will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties described in our earnings release and other filings with the SEC. The company expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise these forward-looking statements including quarterly and annual guidance. Now, I will turn the call over to our Executive Chairman, Bill Foley.
William P. Foley, II - Executive Chairman: Thanks, Mary. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. FIS generated solid organic revenue growth of 7.3% in the quarter, driven by a powerful 12.6% growth in the Lender Processing Services division. Consolidated earnings came in at the lower end of our guidance range, primarily due to lower than expected high margin software licenses and professional services revenue. March was a difficult month for the financial markets and towards the end of the month, some large banks delayed technology purchases. We also noticed some softening and consumer spending in our payments businesses. In light of these factors and the ongoing uncertainty regarding the near term economic conditions, our management team took immediate actions to offset any potential negative impact on 2008 earnings. While we are taking a slightly more cautious view towards revenue growth in 2008, our full year earnings guidance remains intact. Lee and Jeff will provide additional details regarding our first quarter performance and outlook for the remainder of 2008 later in the call. I am pleased to announce that on April 17 our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 250 million of FIS common stock. This translates into approximately 6.5 million shares at the current market price, which we think represents a great value. The new authority replaces the previous authorization of which approximately 117 million was outstanding. Next, I will provide an update on the strategic initiatives including the sale of non-strategic assets and conclude with the current statuses of the spin-off of LPS. During the quarter, FIS completed the sale of two non-strategic businesses, FIS Credit Services and Certegy Gaming Services. We also completed plans for the wind down of HFM, which is a small, unprofitable origination and fulfillment business serving residential home builders. The sale of these assets will improve our growth rates, free up capital and enable management to better focus on core operations. During the quarter we made significant progress towards completing the spin-off of LPS. We remain on schedule to launch LPS as an independent publicly traded company by the end of June. We filed the preliminary Form 10 on March 27 and we expect to file an amended version within the next few weeks. On April 14 we received a formal private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service approving the tax redistribution of LPS and we are working with our primary lenders to finalize the capital structure of FIS and LPS. We remain very excited about the future of FIS and LPS as separate public entities. The two companies have excellent management teams with proven track records and both have built strong competitive positions. We look forward to seeing you at our upcoming Investor Day, which is scheduled for Wednesday, May 28 in Jacksonville, Florida. Now, I will turn the call over to Lee who will review our first quarter and full year results. Lee?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Bill. Good afternoon everyone and thanks for joining us today. I'll begin today's call with a review of first quarter results, including an update on key business initiatives. Jeff will follow with the detailed financial report and our outlook for the remainder of 2008. First quarter consolidated revenue increased 20.5% over prior year excluding the eFunds; revenue increased 7.3%, driven by 12.6% growth in Lender Processing Services and 4.5% growth in Transaction Processing Services. EBITDA increased 14.8% and the EBITDA margin was 24.2%, compared to 25.4% in the prior year quarter. Adjusted net earnings came in at $0.57 per diluted share. Although we were pleased with first quarter revenue growth, a challenging economic environment drilled first quarter earnings to the lower end of our guidance range. Earnings were impacted by a lower mix of high margin license and professional service revenue. During the fourth quarter earnings call, we discussed our outlook for 2008 bank technology spending. We indicated that the majority of the services that we provide to financial institutions are not discretionary and historically have not been influenced by the weak to serve [ph] an economy. In general, our view of this has not changed. Banks continue to invest in the maintenance and development of core processing and support systems and continue to move forward with new systems implementations and scheduled conversions. However late in the first quarter, certain high margin technology service purchases by a limited number of large banks were delayed, which impacted revenue and segment margins. In addition, some of our lot -- payment service business were also marginally impacted by the slowdown in consumer spending which occurred in March. It is too early to determine whether these recent trends will remain isolated to the first quarter or whether they will continue throughout the remainder of the year. In order to make sure that we achieve the earnings guidance communicated in our fourth quarter call, we started to act aggressively as if these trends would continue to impact our business throughout the remainder of 2008. Much of this decision was based on the current and anticipated weakness in the financial services sector and input from our key customers. The cost reduction initiatives include the elimination of several hundred full time positions and the restructuring and consolidation of technology, back office and sales operations worldwide. These actions should generate over $30 million in end year savings which will enable us to meet our original EPS guidance range of $2.73 to $2.83 in spite of taking a slightly more cautious view of 2008's revenue growth. I want to emphasize that even with the short term market challenges that we are facing. Our 2008 revenue on earnings outlook remains solid. We continue to successfully execute on our business plans and are making good progress in completing the strategic development initiatives and new customer implementations covered in our fourth quarter earnings call. Although the sales cycle has marginally increased in some of our businesses, we remain encouraged with the quality and quantity of our sales pipelines. Now I will cover the business segments, starting with Transaction Processing Services first. TPS revenue increased 26.1% compared to prior year. EBITDA increased 22.3% and the margin was 23.6%. Excluding eFunds, revenue increased 4.5%, while overall revenue growth was in line with our expectations. The margined segment was negatively impacted by a change in revenue mix, as well as lower margins in our risk management check business. International revenue increased 17.1%, driven by solid growth in our Brazilian and Australian card and European core banking businesses. In Brazil, which is one of our fastest growing markets, we completed a conversion of ABN's 5 million card account portfolio to our BASE2000 processing platform. The conversion was completed in late March with a high degree of quality and the feedback from the bank has been very positive. The conversion of ABN AMRO Banco Real was closely watched by other Brazilian card issuers. And we remain optimistic that we will secure additional Brazilian card processing customers in the future. Podesta [ph] remains on schedule to convert this in sourced 10 million account, card portfolio in late 2008. We are also pleased with the continued strong demand for our payment and risk management products including royalty, prepaid card, eBanking, bill payment and risk management services. During the quarter, we finalized a new internet banking and bill payment agreement with Provident Bank of New Jersey. As previously discussed, one of our primary objectives this year is to more effectively sell our payment service products into the mid and upper tier markets. This highly competitive win is an important first step in achieving this objective. During the quarter we also signed a new TouchPoint agreement with First Commonwealth Bank. We continue to make good progress with the integration of e-Funds and we are on target to achieve $35 million in cost savings in 2008 and at least $65 million by the end of 2009. Overall, we are pleased with the progress that we're making in TPS, especially when taking into consideration the extraordinary challenges that financial institutions are facing today. I'll now cover Lender Processing Services. LPS continues to generate outstanding growth in a very difficult environment. First quarter revenue increased 12.6% over prior year, driven by strong growth and appraisal, default services and work flow automation technologies. LPS EBITDA increased 12% over prior year and the EBITDA margin remained steady at 32%. March was another record month for default services, driven by excellent growth in foreclosure activity. Although origination and refinancing activity had moderated somewhat from higher January and fairly February levels overall tidal and settlement services revenue decline less than 2% versus prior year, compared to 9.7% decline in the overall market. We continue to win market share across all product lines. We are particularly pleased with the progress that we're making in our Flood Certification business. During the quarter, we became the nation's leading provider of Flood Certification services. Demonstrating the power of our integrated processing and product platforms, which has generated a strong competitive advantage. Our appraisal business also produced excellent results driven by higher refinance activity and strong market share gains. Although the outcome of recently proposed regulatory changes affecting appraisal providers continues to remain uncertain we are encouraged by the recent public positions taken by the Controller of the Currency and the Office of Strict Supervision, which we believe supports the continuation of bank and third party appraisal providers such as FIS. We are fully aware that many of you have voiced concern over the uncertainty surrounding our appraisal business. I want you to know that although we do not believe that our current operation will have to change. If this is not the case, we have identified several alternatives that will preserve FIS shareholder interest and value. As we discussed in previous calls, the challenges in the mortgage industry continue to drive significant opportunities for LPS. We remain on track to convert Chase's sub-prime mortgage portfolio in the second quarter. Chase's prime portfolio and Wachovia's home equity portfolio remain on schedule to convert in 2009. Before I turn the call over to Jeff, I want to emphasize that our 2008 revenue in earnings outlook remain solid. Although we have slightly modified the low end of our revenue outlook to compensate for the increased risk of continued economic weakness. We are maintaining our original EPS guidance. We now expect 2008 revenue growth of approximately 13 to 16% and 5 to 8% excluding eFunds. Overall, we are pleased with the progress that we are making in each of our businesses and in the strong competitive positions we have built. We look forward to seeing you at our upcoming Investor Day. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff, who will provide a more detailed financial review of first quarter results and our outlook and guidance for 2008. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Lee and good afternoon. Before I get into the discussion and analysis of the results, I'd like to take a moment to walk you through some of the changes we have made in our earnings release and related exhibits. As you'll notice we've moved all the quantitative details into the exhibits for the company, the earnings release and provided more historical information to the particular analysis. Exhibit A is the usual consolidated income statement, exhibit B and C which are new include balance sheet and cash flow statements. Exhibit D includes supplemental financial information with current and trailing four quarters for revenue with or without eFunds, depreciation and amortization, capital expenditures, long term debt and stock compensation expense. Exhibit E provides non-GAAP financial information along with the financial bridges back to GAAP results for EBITDA, net earnings and free cash flow. And exhibit F which includes segment level financial details. We have also added slides that I will refer to as I go through my comments. These slides have been posted to our website for easy reference. We hope this expanded disclosure and new format in presentation helps with not only understanding FIS story better, but more easily. Moving on to the results. For comparative purposes, Property Insight which was sold in the third quarter of 2007 and three business lines sold or discontinued during the current quarter, Credit, Game Cash and Home Financial Network or HFN are now all reported as discontinued operations. As you can see on the revenue slide on page 4, first quarter 2008 consolidated revenue increased 20.5% compared to the prior year quarter. eFunds revenue of approximately 141 million were in line with our expectations and drove 13.2% of total revenue growth in the quarter. Excluding eFunds from consolidated and segment revenue, overall first quarter revenue increased 7.3% to 1.15 billion driven by 4.5% growth in TPS and a strong 12.6% growth in LPS. The 4.5% increase in TPS' first quarter revenue to 685 million was driven by 17% growth in International and 4.9% growth in Integrated Financial Solutions or IFS, partially offset by a 3.4% decline in Enterprise Solutions or EBF. For the first quarter, the 17% increase in international revenue to 161.7 million was fuelled by strong growth in our payment services businesses, particularly our card operation in Brazil and increased revenues in our European card -- core banking operation. Payment services of revenues now represent approximately 56% of total international revenue. The 4.9% in IFS first quarter revenue to 297.6 million was driven by solid growth in our eBusiness and core banking product line. These gains more than offset the impact on non recurring items in the first quarter of 2007 associated with higher termination fees and revenues from a special card re-issuance project. EBS [ph] revenue of 226.6 million decreased by 3.4% compared to the first quarter of 2007, as current quarter of new sales activity was more than offset by a $6 million license fee recognized in the first quarter of 2007 and lower retail volumes in our check risk management services business. Excluding check services, which remains under strategic review, first quarter EBS revenue increased approximately 1.5%. As we have noted in previous discussions we expect more difficult year-over-year comparisons for EBS in the first half of this year. Lender Processing revenue increased 12.6% to 464.1 million driven by 18.3% growth in information services partially offset by 7.4% decline in Mortgage processing revenues. Information Services growth of 18.3% of 380 million was driven by strong demand for appraisal and default services, which once again more than offset the declines in origination oriented products such as tax, FIN 31 exchange and title enclosing services. Market share gains and the ongoing trend to outsource generated 19% increase in traditional appraisal services while a combination of new customer signings continued high level of foreclosure activity and strong demand for our workflow automation services drove an increase of more than 71% in the default and related technology services. We continue to benefit from the significant volume increases in foreclosure activity where we currently have more than 40% market share, as well as increasing demand for backend REO asset management services where we can historically have low penetration. Based on our current projections, demand for our outsourced default services is expected to remain robust for the foreseeable future. Mortgage processing revenues of 84.3 million, decreased 7.4% compared to the first quarter of 2007. The average number of loans processed declined to 27 million compared to 28.2 million in the prior year quarter. As we discussed on the fourth quarter call, the decline was primarily driven by Citibank's conversion of ABN's 1.5 million loan portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2007. Also, we generated small percentage of revenue from software and related services sales, which were down year-over-year and represent additional example of the slowing high margin technology purchases that Lee discussed earlier. Although we expect mortgage processing revenues to decline modestly in 2008, market share gains by existing processing customers of strong pipeline of home equity loan prospects and the conversion of 6 million loans for Chase and Wachovia are expected to drive strong growth in the number of average loans processed in 2009 and beyond. Also, it is important to note that much of the growth in our Information Services businesses continues to be driven by the strong mortgage processing relationships we have with most of the nation's top lenders. Moving on to the EBITDA slide on page 5. Overall, EBITDA increased 14.8% to 312.3 million and the margin was 24.2% compared to 25.4% in the prior year quarter. The decline was due to lower margins and TPS and higher corporate expenses. Transaction Processing EBITDA increased 22.3% to 195.5 million and the EBITDA margin was 23.6% compared to 24.4% in the first quarter of 2007. Margins were lower in the current quarter, primarily due to a greater mix of high margin revenues in the prior year quarter such as the licenses noted earlier and the Banc of America TouchPoint implementation revenues. Additionally, lower retail volumes in our check services business impacted TPS margins by approximately 20 basis points. Lender Processing EBITDA of 148.3 million increased 12% compared to the first quarter of 2007 and the EBITDA margin was 32%, essentially flat compared to the prior year quarter. Strong revenue growth and margin expansion in default, somewhat offset by lower margins in appraisal and other origination related services helped keep the robust margins steady year-over-year. Corporate expense, net one time adjustments totaled 35.3 million compared to 29.5 million in the first quarter of 2007. The increase was primarily due to the higher stock compensation expense that was discussed on the last call and eFunds corporate expense. Depreciation and amortization for the first quarter came in at 122.7 million and was in line with our expectations. It was down compared to the fourth quarter of 2007, primarily due to lower purchase amortization on acquired customer contracts and lower amortization on acquired software. We expect depreciation and amortization to ramp up beginning in the second quarter due to the impact of customer convergence on Brazilian card JV. As you know, investments in the Brazilian card JV have been one of the major drivers of capital expenditures over the last few years. And we will begin amortizing those investments as ABN AMRO went operational in April. Given the tough market conditions, we plan to focus on efficiency and greater expense control in order to reach our target margins for full year 2008. Now onto adjusted net earnings, which we previously referred to as cash earnings and the slide on page 6. Overall first quarter adjusted net earnings defined as adjusted net income plus after tax purchase amortization totaled 111.3 million or $0.57 per diluted share, compared to $0.54 in the prior year. During the quarter we incurred after tax merger and integration costs of 11.3 million driven primarily by the acceleration of eFunds stock options. First quarter 2008 after tax purchased amortization of 29.5 million compared to 25.6 million in the prior year quarter driven primarily by the acquisition of eFunds. Additionally, the businesses that were sold or discontinued during the quarter are expected to have a neutral impact on adjusted net earnings and EPS going forward. Also as you can see on the slide on page 7, the gross proceeds from these businesses were 31 million excluding operating cash resulting in a nominal gain when netted against the small impairment loss on our equity investment in Sineros [ph] Moving on to the free cash flow slide on page 8. Free cash flow, which we now define as operating cash flow minus capital expenditures was 78.6 million for the first quarter. Capital expenditures totaled 89.6 million and included additional investments in Brazil for the conversion of the card portfolio and for equipments to drive increased efficiency in our item processing operations. First quarter capital expenditures were in line with our expectations and we expect much lower levels in the second half of the year, as our Brazilian investments ramp down. As shown on the slide, excluding the 48.6 million an after tax merger, acquisition and integration cost and the settlement of the acquisition related liability net free cash flow was a 127.2 million for the quarter. Uses of free cash flow during the quarter included 9.7 million in shareholder dividends and net GAAP repayment of 98 million. At the end of the first quarter, we had approximately 328 million in cash and 4.2 billion in outstanding debt. Currently, 3.2 billion of our debt is covered by swaps carrying an average life fixed LIBOR rate of 4.5% plus spreads ranging from 100 to 175 basis points. The weighted average effective rate on the outstanding debt at quarter end was 5.8% including amortization of upfront debt cost. Now, I'd like to review our outlook for full year 2008 starting with revenues. As you can see on the guidance slide on page 9, based on current trends we are widening our full year revenue guidance to 13 to 16% or 5 to 8% excluding eFunds. This guidance assumes that TPS revenues excluding eFunds will grow 4 to 6% for full year 2008. This is down 2% from prior guidance to reflect the increased risk of continued economic weakness that Lee described. Full year LPS growth will remain at the high end of the 6 to 8% range previously disclosed. Note that this lower than the current run rate due to the anualization of certain large appraisal contracts and known volume declines at customer such as Lawman. Moving on to adjusted earnings. As noted earlier, we have taken specific cost reduction actions which we expect will contribute 30 million in saving and will enable us to meet our adjusted earnings guidance of $2.73 to $2.83 per diluted share. This represents an increase of 12 to 16% compared to 2007. For free cash flow we are projecting a range of 555 to 620 million in 2008 based on the current earnings guidance estimated capital expenditures of 280 to 300 million which is more heavily weighted towards the first half of the year. Working capital and other adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash of 75 to 100 million and total depreciation and amortization of approximately 530 million, which as I noted earlier is expect to ramp up beginning in the second quarter due to the Brazilian card implementations going live in April and in the fourth quarter. Also as noted on the last call, we expect approximately 35 million in cost synergies from the eFunds integration in 2008, the primary contributors of which are the consolidation of corporate functions, business unit integration and technology infrastructure savings. Finally our guidance excludes 25 million of estimated non-recurring integration cost associated with eFunds acquisition of which 14 million were incurred in first quarter 2008 and approximately 25 million in one time integration capital, which has not yet been spent. Also, 15 to 20 million in pre-tax restructuring charges associated with the cost reduction initiatives, Lee discussed earlier. And finally, and any one time cost related to the LPS spend and any incremental operating cost associated with operating LPS as a standalone company for which we'll provide additional details at our Investor Day scheduled for Wednesday, May 28 in Jacksonville. Now I'll turn the call back to Mary.
Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Operator, we are now ready to take questions. Question And Answer
Operator: All right, thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And first we will go to the line of Bryan Keane with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Yeah, hi. I guess I'm just curious about the consumer spending in the payments business that slowed. I guess what exactly you guys referring to there?
Unidentified Company Representative: We're talking about average usage on the card side of our business or the number of times that a consumer uses their credit card that was slightly off from recent trends. So that affected it somewhat. And also on the payment side of the business, number of items processed through our payment and check processing shops tailed off somewhat also during the quarter.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Okay, no change in bill payment volumes?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, bill payment was pretty strong. bill payment historically doesn't vary that much and we haven't seen a lot of variation in that business. Its growing very rapidly but on a per account basis, per consumer usage basis, not a lot a variation.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Okay. And when you guys talk about the South Point License sales and professional service revenues being part of the reason for the little bit light on the revenue. Do you want [ph] to quantify how big that is on both the software and the professional services side?
Unidentified Company Representative: It involved a small number of institutions where we had planned to bring in contracts store in the quarter. They were well advanced contracts. They've been not eliminated, they just been pushed back. But I think you should look at it in terms of a few handful of institutions that tell them to that category. On the software side really split between our core EBS business and also our Commercial Lending Business where typically we pick up contracts on the lending side that are software based.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: And did the decisions remain delayed or did they start to close in April?
Unidentified Company Representative: Some of them are gaining momentum, but I think it's too early to tell. I think at this point in time we are cautious. We wanted to make sure that we wait until we understood exactly what the trend was and what it was going to hold. So there is a little bit of uptick but not enough to make us feel comfortable that the concern is going away.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Just last question, the guidance the 273 to 3 is to be [ph] is that using I just want to be clear 56 or $0.57 in 1Q? And any guidance on 2Q EPS?
Unidentified Company Representative: In fact we're using the $0.57 that we just disclosed for Q1. At that point we're not planning on providing specific quarterly guidance for Q2 or forward?
Unidentified Company Representative: But it takes into account the $0.01 short fall to consensus in Q1.
Bryan Keane - Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you and next we'll go to the line of Greg Smith with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hi, guys. You mentioned on the appraisal business you have some potential alternatives are you prepared to discuss any of those in more detail?
Unidentified Company Representative: Greg, I think I can say this. I can say worse comes to worse we can always keep that business at FIS because FIS does not have, will not have settlement services. So, long story short to our shareholders there is couple of different alternatives that we are -- that we have investigated very thoroughly. We think we are going to be able to protect that business in way or another. However, as we stated in the call, we don't believe we're going to having problem with that business to begin with. We think we are going to be able to continue to offer that service and it's a valuable service to the marketplace and there are more and more organizations throughout the country coming forth saying that it would not be the right decision to exclude certain third parties and even some banks from providing that service. So we'll how it shapes out.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: Yeah. And then if it does turn out that way, it could be an incremental positive above and beyond where the business stands today. Is that found?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah I will tell you this that one way or the other we are going to see some real uptick in that business. We've got a great product capability. The pricing is far more leveraged and better than what an institution can provide internally. So we see that as a real clear upside.
Unidentified Company Representative: That's right.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: And then can you give us any update on what may happen with Banc of America and Countrywide merging and how that might affect LPS?
Unidentified Company Representative: That one Greg it's still too early to really say anything different than what we've already said we still feel pretty positive about securing additional business from BOA. We think we have a cost advantage on the processing side that we'll see how they rate it and how they view it. But even if it goes the other way, there is a lot of additional business that we have currently with Countrywide that we don't have with BOA or the other way around that we believe are going to be able to pick up. So we think we're pretty much protected on that account.
Unidentified Company Representative: I think that's a good way to look at it the fact is that both BOA and Countrywide are top five customers within our LPS businesses and we have good park card [ph] penetration in the each. So we see it as being an upside regardless of which direction the market.
Unidentified Company Representative: The other way Greg. I think we are pretty well protected.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: All right. And then just lastly, last quarter you kind of gave a preliminary look into 2009 given your visibility in specific conversions that was scheduled. I mean other than the economic environment and some of the impact you have highlighted any reason to back away from any of those comments about or not?
Unidentified Company Representative: No that's a conversions at this point in time are still on schedule to happen and number of them in early part of 2009. And then obviously we are going to get the benefit of converting Bradesco and later on this year we will have that account for the full year of 2009. So 2009 still looks very positive. We think -- we feel pretty good about it.
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: That's great. Thanks a lot guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Hi, I know that the question was asked but I don't think I actually heard you size the software and professional services exposure in both the TPS and the lending processing business. Can you actually provide us a range still size in terms of exposure for both of those pieces?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah. I think you should look somewhere in the neighborhood of 10 to $15 million. Somewhere in that range.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: For each segment?
Unidentified Company Representative: No that's for the overall business.
Unidentified Company Representative: And the 15 total.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then going back to the improvement or the visibility just in terms of when we should expect it to improve may be if you could just talk about trends for the month of April over the month of March at this point and either the TPS or the LPS side?
Unidentified Company Representative: It's still too early to really to pinpoint that we have seen some indication of a little bit of change and may be a little bit of improvement on the TPS side but still too early. So I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves until we actually get the record counts and whatever the case very stable on the LPS side. The trends that you've seen throughout the last couple of quarters where we're gaining additional market share and momentum in that business continue from what we've seen so far. In the TPS side looks throughout the way and so we get the books close and see more trends.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah. The one thing I'd caution on the LPS side as I mentioned in my comments a few minutes ago. We will have the main utilization [ph] in Q2 of comparatively large contracts. We signed a extended or expanded I should say a fairly large appraisal contract in Q2 of last year. So we'll start to see the impact of that as well as some of the ramp-downs ion volumes whether from the moves with a [indiscernible] and shutting down their wholesale business.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then can you give us an update on any progress or what the status, current status is of any upwards towards the cross selling of the eFunds platform?
Unidentified Company Representative: We are actually making good progress and I'm certain the risk management products we've been able to sell those effectively into some of our customer base. We've been able to take some of the debit card products that they currently have in capabilities and sell them into our credit union and community bank base. On the prepaid card side that platform will become the benchmark and the operating system that we will use for our card processing business, which as we talked in the past that's currently outsourced to a third party so, so far the momentum that what we picked up is pretty strong. We have also in addition to that we had some professional service potential by using some of the outsourced capabilities in offshore resources that we purchased refunds for some of our core customers. So we're making progress there too.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah I think we were actually pleasantly surprised in Q1 that the eFunds revenue stream if you compared them to all this published. The publish rebuilds for last year we had about 5.3% growth on those product line, probably the strongest area as we said of the two strongest area is where in the payments business at about 5 and I think we're in double-digit from the risk management side. So you get solid performance.
Unidentified Company Representative: We were kind of pleasantly surprise with that because we had factored in little bit attrition on the front end. We identified the accounts that were at risk and a 5% growth really was so much stronger than what we projected and it came across the board from all areas particularly the risk management side of the business.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then lastly can you just comment on MasterCard IPS platform? Any potential competition or risk from that?
Unidentified Company Representative: Its something that we we've competed with the card associations for the last 20 years. We have competed with visa and their debit card platform for the last six or seven years. Their tough competitors but we've held our own. We haven't suffered any major loses. We've kept our customers onboard so although we respect MasterCard and their new technology that they are going to bring out and their capabilities. It's certainly something that we had not that we faced in the past and we've done very well against our the other peers. But we think we are going to be in a good shape with that. To of our smaller institution and some of the other customers that we actually process for, it is also important for them to have a full range of services and multi product capability. So that factors into it also.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Welcome.
Operator: All right, thank you. And next we'll go to the line of Jim Kissane with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Jim Kissane - Bear Stearns: Thanks. It's a quick question of the mortgage crossing margin side. Jeff in terms of how they are holding up given some of the pressure on the revenues.
Unidentified Company Representative: You know actually the mortgage processing revenues expanded over prior year by 17% margin. I am sorry the margins.
Unidentified Company Representative: Margins expanded by about 70 basis points over prior year. Even with the lower revenue. So we are holding our margins very well.
Jim Kissane - Bear Stearns: And just to confirm the 15 to $20 million charge in the second quarter of this year that's incremental and that's pretty much in reaction to the softer revenue.
Unidentified Company Representative: Right that's in conjunction with the cost production initiatives that Lee talked about that are going to drive this by $30 million in expense, that's a headcount reduction and some or the other charges we are taken associate with that Jim.
Jim Kissane - Bear Stearns: And that will drive $30 million this year of savings?
Unidentified Company Representative: That will drive 30 million of in year savings this year?
Jim Kissane - Bear Stearns: And how about for '09?
Unidentified Company Representative: Look at being an annualized number of around $50 million.
Unidentified Company Representative: It will upfront $50 million.
Jim Kissane - Bear Stearns: Okay and deferred cost and capitalized software spiked up year-to-year what's driving the increase there?
Unidentified Company Representative: On the capitalized contract costs the main thing is Brazil is driving that up as we finish off the ABN conversion and then in start in the more depth in the Bradesco program if we get that worked on.
Jim Kissane - Bear Stearns: That's both the capitalized software and deferred contract costs?
Unidentified Company Representative: That's actually the capitalized software on the deferred contract cost we have a number of initiatives that have been underway. We talked about the National Australia Group, internet banking platform that we have been building out that's pushing up deferred cost as are a couple of other contracts that we are working on. Additionally the chase work that we are working on a mortgage processing side to chase some mortgage platform that will go live in the beginning of '09 is also driving deferred costs as is the Wachovia He Lock [ph].
Unidentified Company Representative: We are doing the development on that.
Jim Kissane - Bear Stearns: Great. And just one last question, just generally the performance of eFunds relative to your plan?
Unidentified Company Representative: eFunds has done very well. Good strong revenue growth little bit above where we thought it would be. Synergies are good the expenses are coming out on target non plan and I think there is going to be some upside as we go forward on that the quality of the management team that we picked up through the transaction is very good and very solid so overall Jim I would say we are pleased with it.
Jim Kissane - Bear Stearns: Okay, great. See you next month.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you and next we'll go to the line to Tim Voges [ph] with Robert W. Baird.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys just a question on IFS and the trends there typically these are much smaller banks and more revenue are you seeing any change there in terms of expense?
Unidentified Company Representative: No really if you look at our performance during quarter 4.9% down somewhat from what from what we have turning in the past but Lee mentioned that we saw a little bit of softness in transactional based revenues which would impact card but nothing it was really all that meaningful, the real thing throughout the decreasing growth versus prior quarters is really a couple of non-recurring things really had this act to a good thing we have lower termination fees in Q1 then we typically have in the quarters and prior quarters so that help retain customers but then infect our revenue growth and then we mentioned the special project back in Q1 of 2007 a merchant fraud you might have heard aboud the TJ Maxx fraud which drove a lot which drill the line of card re issue flow a lot of our banks have an issue card we gain revenues out of those reissuances.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good. And then in terms of the check business, can you comment on what's kind of left in that business still and if you guys still look in a who is the best at?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, we successfully sold the game cash portion of that business which is about a 100 million of the revenue stream and actually that still closed on April 1 so what's left is the North America point of sale business, more pay check cashing business and our international businesses we're in and also our Australian businesses our business we're in the marketing process right now to pieces and we expect to have a pretty good indication so we'll going to deal [ph] the view by the end of the second quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright thanks and then just in terms of youth [indiscernible] in the press release do you have any just talk about may be the EBITDA and operating income lines area?
Unidentified Company Representative: We've done our approach to any acquisition is to immediately wake up the product set will be in the acquired company's in place them under the appropriate business unit within TCS and or LPS as is applicable. That's what we've done here so it's really difficult for us to really call with specific profitability after we've done that conversion because we've migrated there headcounts onto our payroll system put them into the cost centers within those it really disappears [ph] and really disappears.
Unidentified Company Representative: I think it's safely to say that the accretion that we expect when we communicated to the marketplace when we purchase with our guidance is still in place and that still holds.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, I think that we're on target to hit the [indiscernible] if you look at Q1 specifically fro eFunds, we didn't really get much I would say we didn't get much contribution to EPS in Q1 because it's a lower revenue quarter, it's a lower margin quarter because it a transactional seasonal business in Q1 still lowest quarter and from that synergy standpoint Q1 is when we have the small [indiscernible] synergies to that 35 million it will build overtime so both factors kept at fairly neutral from an EPS standpoint in Q1 we should see the benefit as we move forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Great thanks for the color. Thanks guys
Unidentified Company Representative: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you and next we'll go to line Tien-Tsin Huang with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Hi, guys thanks. Just had a follow-up questions on the payments weakness that you guys described is that it's relate to card volume or your seeing card attrition or may be some less marketing from the clients as well because I though the bulk of the revenues were account based?
Unidentified Company Representative: The bulk of the revenues are transaction base about 65% of our billing is derived from on a transaction key basis so that's where the slowdown is taking place and again it's a slight slow down it is a significant but would enough to take notice but it's isolate to our card processing business primarily.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Right. And the card processing is primarily Community bank and Credit union side.
Unidentified Company Representative: Community bank and credit union we haven't seen any major drop off or increase in attrition or drop off on new account issuance. There still very conservative issuers and it's a pretty predictable on the revenue side.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay good to know and then on the to some of software side, question [indiscernible] both into quarter and throughout the year in note Q1 was how you're unusual in terms of it's percent [ph] ?
Unidentified Company Representative: No, it's actually isn't, we're pretty consistently spread throughout the year so the answer is no.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay good. And then I just had a higher level question given all that's going on its obviously the spins coming up without the appraisal regulation then we got the eFunds integration and given all that's going on how comfortable you are with the EPS guidance that you have laid or that you are?
Unidentified Company Representative: We are very comfortable with that. In fact we have taken some pretty strong actions and pretty strong steps based on preliminary information that we had trends that we noticed at the latter part of the first quarter to make sure that we were detected on EPS for the year. So we believe that we have EPS we are going to achieve that and we are very comfortable with the guidance range that we have originally issued.
Unidentified Company Representative: I think the other thing to say when we talk about driving these cost reduction initiatives we didn't start the cost reduction initiatives because we saw weakness in revenue. It was just a natural evolution I mean we talked last quarter about the restructure of TPS to put to basically consolidate the large bank and the large and small bank sectors and international and the one business unit create singular sales force so that we could get product sales through all of our banks no matter what the size. Well as part of that process we look for places to gain efficiencies as anytime we restructure. Additionally with the LPS spend we had to go through and figure out Okay how do we break the technology organization apart. So that [indiscernible] but through that process we naturally look for ways to gain efficiencies there as well. So, a lot of things that we are doing and things that we are worrying on whether they are just natural outcomes of reorganization efforts that we had.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah the process of separating the two companies has been a very, very thorough process and as we have gone with what has Jeff said its exposed some areas quite frankly though I think we are spending too much and we are able to isolate the resources and put them into a bucket and say lets get them out of here I think if anything the trend that we saw towards the end of the quarter accelerated our actions so we feel pretty comfortable where this is going to come out most of the reduction are already in process. A significant number of volume taken place and I think that preliminary read on this that in most cases we are going to come out much more efficient and with a higher level of service in most of the areas that were affected.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Very good, thanks. See you next month.
Operator: Thank you and next we we'll go to the line of Nik Fisken with Stephens Incorporated.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey I'm [indiscernible] I have got left is what are you assuming for share count for the year now?
Unidentified Company Representative: Right now we haven't changed our share account assumptions were still about a 197.5 million as our estimate.
Unidentified Analyst: So how quickly should we be looking forward for the 250 that you just quoted [ph].
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, Phil and I talked about that today. We are not going to give you the exact daily purchase but you should consider the majority of that hopefully being completed prior to the actual spends taking place.
Unidentified Company Representative: Let's say as right now, the guidance still assumes first of all repurchases about 100 million in year I know that it is going to accelerate. But if we look at from an EPS standpoint should be neutral for the remainder of this year regardless of how much we repurchase.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you and next we'll go to the line of Kamal Thukan [ph] with Lotus Partners. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, can you talk about in your TPS segment how much of the revenue do you think is effectively either contracted or recurring and how much of the revenue is, discretionary in some way or formed on an annualize basis?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well lets talk about EBS first that's really well primary if you have any volatility centered around that group. We set about $50 million worth of new sales how it takes place on an annual basis to show to generate a 4 to 5% growth within that business. So that's what we are talking about on EBS. When you look at the transaction or the businesses or in IFS side is vast majority of that revenue well over 75 to 80% of that revenue is recurring in nature if not more.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And the other question that I had is in terms of the business as you see it now the new contracts that you are taking on how is pricing looking for those contracts? Can you talk about A typically house pricing for those contracts meaning do you typically see a certain type of increase and then how the increase is going for contracts that are now rolling over in this environment?
Unidentified Company Representative: There is couple areas that we said in the past that we are seeing some price pressure it's not huge but it exists and it centers around primarily around contract renewals that come up in our core processing business for community banks and credits [ph]. It's a limited market there are a number of players that participate in that market segment the contracts come up every 3 to 5 years the banks are smart when they do come up to invite all the various processors and even if they don't switch they are going to play a price game so we see some price compression that affects that segment of the business. On the card processing side which is the other major segment within the community banks where we see variable low price compression because our prices typically are 25 to 30% better than our nearest competitor to begin with so we just don't see that pushing us down, down at all. On the debit card side do business we do see price compression and that's been something that we have dealt with for the last 4 or 5 years that's really nothing new. As far as on the EBS side of the business we are not really seeing a lot of price compression when it comes to selling larger software deals. That's not where the issue is the banks may be delaying purchases but they are not making there basing there decisions on whether or not they can get a lower price what they are more concerned with is the feature functionality and capability of the software and what type of efficiency that software will generated internally. So overall pricing still remains pretty solid and pretty good except in the areas of that I covered.
Unidentified Company Representative: And then on the LPS side, we are not experiencing any price compression when we are renegotiating contracts. We are in a very strong competitive position because of the market share that we have, having 35-36 out of the top about 50 institution on our platform we have tremendous scale and there is no competitor that we can really step in and provide a competitor price product [ph] at this point of time. So we are not seeing any degradation there and when I say is during the time we really make any concessions from a pricing standpoint or LPS is that we gain additional services.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Last thing, I am not super familiar with the business I haven't followed it for a long time. This might be, it serve an obvious question but, in terms of where what's the margin that the banking sector your main clients goes through another year of two of really tough conditions that we are seeing right now. We are kind of may be somewhere in credit cycle and not sort of continuous to go and get worse for a while. How good you feel about your ability to hold up through that meaning. The sort of softness that you are seeing do you feel like we are caught up in the early stages of that, or we have the mid stages of that or the late stages of that?
Unidentified Company Representative: I think we are really in the mid stages of that. I think the banks have been going through a large turmoil for a pretty significant period of time. So I don't think its anything new to the industry. I don't think it's at the late stage yet but I certainly don't think its at the beginning stage. So I think we are relatively in good shape as far as our business in general. The good thing about our business is lot of our business is our transaction processing base. So if an institution wants to operate on a day to day basis or mortgage lender wants to serve it customers or issue loans or service loans. The services that we provide are not really discretionary. If they don't buy them, they can't operate. They can't open the doors. So its only a relatively small portion that centers around discretionary purchase by financial institution and typically they center around software licenses or changes in technology were large outsourcing deals that they might give you on the programming side of the business and those are somewhat limited in size relative to the overall scope in the size of the business.
Unidentified Company Representative: Lee also I think you mentioned that when you give me a prepared remarks that on the lender side of the business we actually think in advantage to us when we're in more difficult times because we see financial institution is actually moved through more towards outsourcing especially in areas like a appraisal and some of these ancillary lender services. So that's been one of the things that we've really used as an advantage to gain revenues to the time period and that's one of the reasons why we're gaining or we have such strong growth rates in light of the difficult economic circumstances.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I think that's true also on the banking side of the business. The banks surrender a tremendous amount of pressure to cut cost and prove efficiencies and if they can spine it alternative to processing or providing a service and house that's cheaper and more effective that's one of our header that's happening not only domestically but also internationally. So we're pretty well positioned in this business.
Unidentified Company Representative: The only other thing I'd add it that's a our guidance despite the 8% that's pretty strong growth in light of the economic periodic we're in.
Unidentified Company Representative: We've been living with this in volume and for sometime now and we've get our heads above water and perform either at or above our peers in terms of revenue growth we feel pretty good about it.
Unidentified Analyst: Sounds good. Thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you.
Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: And operator we have time for one more question.
Operator: And our final question will come from Tom [indiscernible]. Please go ahead
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon guys sorry to beat a dead horse. On the card processing side, did you take into effect the April shift at all and that may be April is seeing a significant uptick versus March or is that not in your forecast?
Unidentified Company Representative: No it was up first of all the delta between what we expected and what came in was not significant was a relatively small piece but it indicated that there was a potential trend that we are going to watch going forward so no we have not said that there is going to be a marked changed because the decline in that business the softness of that particular business was not that significant. If you look overall within that whole business segment or kind of size it for you. Look at our IFS community bank and credit union business. We would have expected some more than the able of other half a percent to 1% revenue growth. And if you look at that overall we are talking about $3 million or somewhere in that range it's not that significant.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: So but it is enough for us to turn around and say lets watch it because those businesses traditionally have been highly predictable and rock solid in terms of being able to predict usage on those transitions. We are not saying its going to continue but we are watching it.
Unidentified Analyst: But when you see and Easter shift you typically forecast that so you might have missed it?
Unidentified Company Representative: No what when we forecast those businesses we forecast year-over-year comparison and use a lot of different factors and we will have missed that now.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay that's what I was I getting at. Thank you very much.
Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon. We look forward to seeing you next month at our May 28 Investor Day here in Jacksonville. Registration detail will be distributed early next week. We look forward to seeing you please remain on the line for our telephone replay instructions
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this conference will be made available for replay after 7 pm Eastern today and will run trough May 1 at midnight. To access the AT&T replay system you may dial 320-365-3844 and enter the access code 917-569. Again those number are 1320-365-3844 and the access code 917-569. That does conclude your conference for today thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mary K. Waggoner - Sr. VP, IR William P. Foley II - Chairman of the Board Lee A. Kennedy - President and CEO Jeffrey S. Carbiener - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs David J. Koning - Baird Equity Research Wayne Johnson - Raymond James Brett Huff - Stephens Inc. Roger S. Smith - Fox-Pitt, Kelton, Inc. Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session; instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Mary Waggoner, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead ma'am.
Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joining me today to review our fourth quarter and full year results are Bill Foley, Executive Chairman; Lee Kennedy, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Carbiener, Chief Financial Officer. In addition to being recorded, this call is being audiocast live over the Internet. Telephone replay information is included in today's press release and a replay will also be available via our website. Today's discussion will contain references to non-GAAP and pro forma results in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. As in the previous quarters, the 2007 and 2006 GAAP results presented in the press release have been adjusted to improve comparability. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results and schedules showing historical detail are provided in today's press release, which is also available on our website. Before we continue, I would like to remind you that some of the comments made on today's call will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to the risk and uncertainties described in our earnings release and other filings with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise such forward-looking statements including quarterly and annual guidance. Now, I'll turn the call over to our Executive Chairman, Bill Foley.
William P. Foley II - Chairman of the Board: Thanks, Mary. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. It was a very good quarter and an excellent year for FIS. Excluding eFunds, FIS generated strong 11% full year revenue growth and 13% EBITDA growth. These excellent results were achieved despite unprecedented turmoil in the real market which demonstrates the strength of our technologies, products and people. Lee and Jeff will provide additional details on the fourth quarter and full year operating results later in the call. This morning, I'll provide an update on two important strategic initiatives, the integration of eFunds and the spin-off of our lender processing business. We believe that the separation of LPS into a standalone public company and the acquisition of eFunds will strengthen our competitive position, increase operating leverage and drive higher value to our customers and our shareholders. eFunds adds additional critical skill our EFT, ATM and debit card processing businesses and significant new product capability, including prepaid, gift card and risk management services. eFunds operating units have been merged into FIS and we expect to achieve sizeable cost synergies over the next two years. The second major initiative is the proposed spin-off of Lender Processing Services. Last quarter we discussed the rationale for separating FIS into two publicly traded companies. We believe that is even more compelling today, considering the excellent results generated by LPS in the fourth quarter and our strong competitive positions. We are on schedule to complete the spin-off of LPS by the end of June. On January 7th, we filed a formal request for a tax free distribution of LPS and expect to complete and file the Form 10 in mid March. We are working on finalizing the credit and capital structures of both companies. Yesterday we announced the senior level management teams for both organizations. The new Lender Company will be called Lender Processing Services or LPS. LPS is widely recognized by our customers in the market which should allow for an efficient launch of the new public company. Jeff Carbiener who is currently CFO of FIS will serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Lender business and Jeff will remain CFO of FIS until the spin is completed. Jeff has a strong operational and financial background and has demonstrated strong leadership skills since joining FIS in 2006. Jeff will be supported by a highly capable experienced management team. Eric Swenson, Executive Vice President of Mortgage Information Services; and Dan Scheuble, Executive Vice President of Mortgage Processing Services, will report to Jeff and continue in their current role. Francis Chan, who currently serves as Chief Accounting Officer of FIS, will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer for LPS. Parag Bhansali, who recently joined FIS, will head up Investor Relations. Parag was previously responsible for Investor Relations at Rayonier. Lee Kennedy will remain as President and CEO of FIS. George Scanlon, who joined FIS earlier this month, will assume the position of CFO once the spin is complete and will report directly to Lee. George most recently served as CFO for BFC Financial Corporation, and has very strong finance and accounting skills having served as CFO for Levitt Corporation, DataCore Software Corporation and as Controller for Ryder System. Gary Norcross who was previously President of ISS, our Community Institution business, will service Chief Operating Officer for FIS. Gary will be responsible for all Global Banking businesses including integrated financial solutions, enterprise banking and international. Frank Sanchez will be responsible for all strategic development initiatives worldwide. Frank has an extensive bank technology services background and prior to joining FIS, Frank was CEO of Sanchez Computer Associates, which was acquired by FIS in 2003. Frank and Gary will report to Lee. Mary Wagonner will continue as Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for FIS. We remain very excited about the future potential of FIS and LPS. Each has generated strong organic growth and excellent financial results. Both businesses have experienced... seasoned management... have seasoned management teams and are leaders in their respective markets. We will provide additional information on the progress of the spin as soon as it becomes available. Now I will turn the call over to Lee who will review fourth quarter and full year results. Lee.
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Bill. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us this morning I will begin today's call with a review in a summary of our fourth quarter results including an update on key business initiatives. Jeff will follow with a detailed financial report and provide guidance for 2008. Overall we are pleased with fourth quarter result and the continued strength of new sales and customer implementations, Fourth quarter consolidated revenue increased 20%. EBITDA increased 28.1% and cash earnings per share came in at $0.68 which is a 17.2% increase over prior year. Excluding eFunds, revenue increased 7.4% driven by 5.8% growth in Transaction Processing Services and 9.5% growth in Lender Processing Services. EBITDA increased 12.5%, and the EBITDA margin was 27.2%. The increase in TPS revenue was driven by strong 21.2% growth in our international business. Our Germany core and Brazilian card processing business generated excellent double-digit growth. During the quarter, we made substantial progress implementing the platforms necessary to process ABN's and Bradesco's card portfolios. We remain on schedule to convert ABN in March and Bradesco in the third quarter of this year. We currently process over 7 million Bradesco cards on our Brazilian processing platform and will convert an additional 10 million accounts in the third quarter which are processed by Bradesco in-house. We will also provide a wide range of back-offices services to ABN and Bradesco including Fraud Monitoring, Customer Service, Chargebacks, Collections, and Item Processing Services. The demand for our outsourcing services in other regions of the world is also strong. I am pleased to announce a new 5-year consumer loan outsourcing agreement with the top three tier bank, headquartered in UK with operations in more than 50 countries. The bank's entire UK consumer loan portfolio will be outsourced to FIS and processed on our ALS platform. Our strong system functionality, competitive pricing and regulatory compliance systems contributed to the bank's decision to choose FIS. This is the first time that a bank has outsourced the processing of consumer loans in the UK, and we are optimistic that we will sign additional outsourcing customers in the future. We are also pleased to announce that we have reached an agreement with Ish Bank, Turkey, to provide a wide range of core banking services to its Turkish operations. Ish Bank, which has over 15 million customers, is Turkey's second largest bank. This was a great competitor win for our company. Once installed, our core processing platform will service a foundation for transforming the bank's technology platforms which will improve the quality of service, reduce time to market for new products and increase operating efficiencies. Ish Bank is our first banking customer in Turkey which is Europe's fastest growing market. During the quarter, we completed the installation of our new core processing system for TeamBank, Germany. And in December Wal-Mart, Mexico, began using our integrated profile core processing platform. We believe this integrated system, which is the first of its kind, will have strong international appeal. IFS or Community Bank and Credit Union business continues to generate excellent new sales results. Recent wins include a new item processing contract with Pacific Capital Bank, which is the largest independent bank in Central California. We also signed new card processing agreements with pipeline data and Canadian based Home Trust. In addition, we expanded our card transaction processing relationship with CMG to include account servicing and collections. In March, Arizona Federal Credit Union will offer our score card loyalty program to its 250,000 debit card customers. Our loyalty business continues to generate strong double-digit revenue and operating income growth. In early December we signed an agreement with Digital Insight to market our newly enhanced premium BillPay service to Digital's internet banking customers. During the past two years we've added significant new functionality to our bill payment product line which has strengthened our product and service capabilities. More than two-thirds of our existing BillPay institutions have converted to this new platform, which is highly competitive with other leading BillPay products. Although we have traditionally focused on the community bank and credit union markets, we are confident that premium BillPay will compete very well in the mid and upper tier markets as well. The demand for our core processing and delivery platforms also remained strong. We continue to make progress in marketing our TouchPoint products and services to mid-market and tier 1 institutions. We are pleased to announce the rollout of our TouchPoint sales and service platform with Bank of America, one of the world's largest financial institution. In time, TouchPoint will provide Bank of America with enhanced service and sales capabilities across delivery channels and lines of business, by providing a single consistent view of the customer relationship. TouchPoint will enable the bank to better identify cross-selling opportunities, reduced time to market... to service new accounts and open new accounts and enhance the overall banking experience for its more than 59 million consumer at small business relationships. During the quarter we finalized TouchPoint agreements with Bank of the West, and we are completing the rollout of RBC. In addition BB&T, the nation's 13th largest bank, and Standard Chartered Bank, will install our ACBS commercial lending platform to process and support complex, loan trading and syndications. ACBS is one of our fastest growing global businesses. ABCS' (sic) [ACBS'] 2007 revenue and EBITDA grew in the strong double-digit range. BB&T demonstrates the depth of the relationships that we have with tier 1 institutions. In addition to the new Commercial Lending deal FIS provides mortgage processing, consumer lending and card processing services to BB&T. A number of our investors have asked us to comment on our view for 2008 bank technology spend. At this point in time, tier 1, 2 and 3 institutions continue to invest in the maintenance and developments and support of core systems, payment products, and delivery channels. This is especially true with international markets, where we have established leading market positions. We are confident that we will be able to continue to generate solid revenue and earnings growth, driven by our strong recurring revenue base and the depth of our customer implementation queue. I want to emphasize that the vast majority of our bank and payment service products and support are not discretionary in nature. FIS markets processing and support systems which enable institutions to accept, transfer and account for consumer deposits, consumer loans and transaction accounts. A bank cannot operate without these services. These are not discretionary services; regardless of the size of the institution or the strength of the economy. For IFS clients we are essentially the bank's internal IT department. The majority of EBS' revenue is generated from providing outsourced core processing services and not elective project work. We estimate that approximately $50 million or less than 10% of EBS' core banking revenue is generated through discretionary software sales and project work. While it is reasonable to assume that some banks may slowdown non-mission critical projects or delay new product development, others will focus on lowering costs to outsourcing development and process and support. For example we recently find a large multi-year contract to provide technology infrastructure services through a large mid-western bank and are engaged in some more discussions with other institutions. The new long processing agreement which I previously mentioned in the UK is another good example of the growing trend towards outsourced processing and development. Our newly announced TPS organization structure should drive higher sales and lower costs by creating stronger accountability and more efficient use of sales, operating and development resources across business unit lines and across all geographies. The new bank centric organization includes all TPS businesses worldwide. This new organization will also enable us to manage capital investment more efficiently by further reducing duplicate development efforts. And finally, we are making good progress, integrating eFunds sales and operating organizations into FIS and we are confident that we will achieve at least $65 million in cost savings by the end of 2009. eFunds will add significant product capability and scale to FIS, which will strengthen our competitive position and long-term growth potential. Now, I will move on to LPS. Fourth quarter LPS revenue increased 9.5% over prior year. EBITDA increased 16.2% and year-over-year margins increase 190 basis points to 33.8%. These results were particularly impressive given the significant weakness in the housing and mortgage markets that persisted throughout the quarter. Exceptional growth in appraisal and default services, more than offset lower volumes in title and settlement services. While appraisals are typically tied to new loan origination and refinance activity, the trend towards outsourcing combined with strong market share gains, drove 17% growth in front-end appraisals during the quarter. We are encouraged with January's increase in open title and front-end services, which is being driven by lower interest rate. We also believe that the increases in the lending caps for Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and FHA confirming loans, which were approved yesterday, will draw... drive strong increases in refinance activity. We are encouraged with the recent strength of the origination and refinancing activity overall. Fourth quarter Default Services revenue was also very strong; almost doubling over prior year. These excellent results were driven by continued market share gains, increased foreclosure activity and excellent demand for our new desktop technologies. We believe that Defaults will continue to increase throughout 2008 and most of 2009 before moderating some more historical levels as we move forward towards 2012. We are making good progress with the migration of Chase and Wachovia to our MSP platform and are achieving all milestones and benchmarks established by both institutions. We are on track to convert Chase's 500,000 subprime loans in May, and we will convert the remaining loan accounts in early 2009. We expect to complete the conversion of Wachovia HELOC loans, also in early 2009. While the conversion dates are slightly later than originally anticipated it is not unusual for institutions to adjust conversion timelines to accommodate changing institution priorities and initiatives. We are very pleased with the success that we are having selling additional products and services to our existing customer base. During the fourth quarter, additional product were sold to several of the nation's leading lenders including EMC, IndyMac, Lehman, WAMU, Wachovia, Countrywide, and Bank of America. Last quarter we outlined several key competitive strengths that have enabled FIS to outperform the markets and our competition including the range and debt of our product capabilities, market leading integrated technologies and strong relationships with the nation's leading lenders. We also discussed the growing importance of processing fist mortgage and home equity loans on a single platform which enables lenders to improve portfolio risk management reporting and securitization capabilities. There are also several significant market factors which are driving additional growth opportunities including the growing importance of reducing loan servicing costs, the increasing utilization of data and analytics to improve portfolio profitability, and the strong interest in bundled integrated products which reduce operating costs and allow lenders to provide a higher level of customer service. Our integrated core and ancillary product capability is a significant competitive advantage which should continue to generate strong growth opportunities for LPS. An example of this is our new Desktop Workflow Management System which is a highly efficient, imaging, retrieval, expense, and communication management system that provides real-time connectivity between vendors, suppliers and portfolio investors. The desktop technology links our default customers to more than 10,000 vendors, service providers and investors to a single user interface. The desktop system's streamlines complex work processes by automating labor intensive functions and eliminating the need to build multiple interfaces between various data and service suppliers. This system generates advanced reporting and performance metrics which significantly reduces the manual effort required to process default files, resulting in a nearly 70% improvement in efficiency. Interest in our desktop system is strong. More than 50 implementations are scheduled throughout 2008 and the sales pipeline is extremely full. While desktop was originally developed for Default Services, this unique technology will soon support other lender applications. This proprietary Workflow Management System is becoming a standard for the industry. Overall, it was a good quarter and a great year for FIS. Excluding eFunds, consolidated full year 2007 revenue increased 11%, driven by10.5% growth in transaction processing services and 11.2% growth in lender processing services. These strong results exceeded our initial revenue guidance of 7 to 9%. Excluding eFunds, EBITDA increased 13% which exceeded our guidance of 10 to 12%. Our 2008 guidance of 14 to 16% revenue growth includes solid organic growth of 6 to 8% and cash EPS growth of 12 to 16%. We are making significant progress in integrating eFunds into our core businesses. And we are on track to complete the spin-off of our lender processing business by mid-year. We believe that both of these strategic initiatives will drive additional value to our customers and also to our shareholders. Now I will turn the call over to Jeff who will provide a more detailed financial review of fourth quarter results and our outlook and guidance for 2008. Jeff?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Lee, and good morning. Our fourth quarter 2007 results include approximately $140 million in revenue and approximately $45 million in EBITDA from eFunds. For comparative purposes, my comments pertaining to revenue and EBITDA will focus on standalone FIS excluding eFunds. Also property insight which was previously included in LPS is now reported as the discontinued operation and earnings are now reported below the line. Excluding eFunds, consolidated fourth quarter revenues increased 7.4% to $1.2 billion driven by 5.8% growth in TPS and 9.5% growth in LPS. For the year, consolidated revenue increased 11% driven by 10.5% growth in TPS and 11.2% growth in LPS. The increase in TPS fourth quarter revenue to $735.3 million was driven by 21.2% growth in international and 5.2% growth in integrated financial solutions. The 21.2% increase in international revenue to $170.8 million was fueled by strong growth in our payment services businesses particularly our card operation in Brazil. Payment services revenues now represent approximately 56% of total international revenues. On an annual basis, international revenue increased 33.2% driven by strong growth across all regions in both card and core processing. The 5.2% increase in IFS fourth quarter revenue to $297.9 million was driven by solid growth in our eBusiness, credit cards and item processing product lines. Growth in these same product lines also drove the full year IFS revenue increase of 6.6%. New sales activity remained strong as the total contract value of new customer signings was up 15% during the fourth quarter and 17% for the year. EBS revenue of $267.1 million decreased 2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. Growth in the existing customer base was offset by a reduction in implementation revenue due in part to the startup of the TouchPoint projects for BAway [ph] in Q4 last year, lower project-specific revenue and lower retail volumes and Check services. Excluding Check from all periods, fourth quarter EBS revenue was on par with the prior year quarter and $6 million higher than the third quarter of 2007. As we have discussed in previous quarters, when revenue growth was extremely strong, EBS is the customer channel most subject to variability and quarterly results. On an annual basis, overall EBS revenue increased 4% which was in line with our original expectations. Lender Processing revenue increased 9.5% to $454.8 million driven by 13.4% growth in information services and 8.7% growth in mortgage processing revenues. A strong demand for appraisal and default services again more than offset the declines in origination-oriented products such as tax, 1031 Exchange, and title and closing services. LPS revenue increased 11.2% on an annual basis, nearly twice the growth rate we originally anticipated and well above the 14% decline in 2007 origination and refinance activity as reported by the MBA. Market share gains and the ongoing trend towards outsource generated a 17% increase in traditional appraisal services. A combination of new customer signings, increased foreclosure activity and strong demand for the desktop services that Lee described, drove an increase of more than 90% in default and related technology services in the fourth quarter. We continue to see significant volume increases in foreclosure activity where we have more than 40% market share and increasing demand for backend REO asset management services where we have relatively low penetration. Based on current market projections, demand for our outsourced default services is expected to remain strong for the foreseeable future. Mortgage processing revenues of $100.5 million increased 8.7% over the fourth quarter of 2006. Adjusting for non-account base fees, mortgage processing revenue increased by approximately 1%. The average number of loans processed declined to $26.9 million compared to $8 million in the prior year quarter. As we discussed on the third quarter call, the climb was driven by the acquisition of ABN's $1.5 million loan portfolio by Citibank. Although we anticipate that mortgage processing revenues will decline marginally in 2008, market share gains by existing processing customers, a strong pipeline of home equity loan prospects and a conversion of $6 million loans was Chase and Wachovia are expected to drive strong growth in the number of average loans processed in 2009 and beyond. Additionally, it is important to emphasize that much of the growth in our Information Services businesses continues to be driven by the strong mortgage processing relationships we have with the most of the nation's top lenders. Moving to EBITDA; excluding eFunds, EBITDA increased 12.5 % to $324.4 million and the margin was 27.2 % which is a 120-basis point improvement compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. On an annual basis, the consolidated EBITDA margin was 26.2%, compared to 25.8% in 2006. Transaction processing EBITDA increased 7.6% to $192.8 million and the EBITDA margin improved 40 basis points to 26.2% compared to 25.8% in the prior-year quarter. The margin improvement was driven by our better results in our IFF and International businesses, somewhat offset by margin degradation and our retail check business. Excluding check from both periods, TPS margins improved 200 basis points during the quarter. For the full year of 2007, the overall TPS EBITDA margins improved 80 basis points to 25%. Lender processing EBITDA of a $163.8 million increased 16.2% compared to the fourth quarter of 2006 and the EBITDA margin was 33.8%, a 190-basis point improvement compared to the prior-year quarter. Strong revenue growth along with margin expansion in the fall were the most significant factors that drove margin improvement during the quarter, while non-account based fees within mortgage processing also contributed to the increase. EBITDA margin for the year was 33% compared to 33.7% in 2006. Corporate expense totaled $31.1 million compared to $27.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. The increase is primarily due to the eFunds acquisition. Now, I'll turn to cash earnings. Including eFunds, fourth quarter cash earnings, which we define as net income plus after-tax purchase amortization, totaled $133.3 million or $0.68 per diluted share compared to $0.58 in the prior year. During the quarter, we incurred after-tax merger integration cost of $1.4 million, which was more than offset by $7.6 million in after-tax other income related to the wind down of the former Certegy pension and retirement plans. The net impact of $6.2 million has been excluded from cash earnings. After-tax purchase amortization increased to $31.1 million compared to $27.6 million in the prior-year quarter, driven primarily by the acquisition of eFunds. Overall, eFunds was neutral to fourth quarter cash earnings. Moving onto free cash flow; free cash flow, which we define as net income plus depreciation and amortization minus capital expenditures was $141.4 million for the fourth quarter. Capital expenditures totaled $98.6 million, which includes $7 million in capital that we expect to recoup from our bank partners in the Brazilian card joint venture. The capital spend was higher than our anticipated run rate going forward, due to investments made to expand capacity in certain of the eFunds businesses and additional investments in advance of our first quarter 2008 conversion of the first Brazilian card portfolio. The uses of free cash flow during the quarter included $9.7 million in shareholder dividends and debt repayment of $46 million. Working capital and other adjustments to cash provided by the operating activities were a net use of $27 million during the quarter, driven primarily by continued strong revenue growth in our Default Services products. At year end, we had approximately $355 million in cash and $4.3 billion, in outstanding debt. In the fourth quarter, we instituted $2 billion in additional interest rate swaps. Currently $3.2 billion of our debt is covered by swaps to an average LIBOR rate fixed at 4.5%, swap spreads ranging from 125 to 175 basis points. The weighted average effective rate on the outstanding debt during the quarter was 6.4%, including amortization of upfront debt costs. Moving to our outlook for 2008; we anticipate consolidated revenue growth of 14 to 16% and EBITDA growth of 15 to 7%. Excluding eFunds, we expect consolidated revenue growth of 6 to 8%. Growth in both TPS and LPS is expected to fall within this range. Overall, we expect to generate adjusted earnings of $2.15 to $2.25 per diluted share and adjusted cash earnings of $2.73 to $2.83 per diluted share, which represents an increase of 12 to 16% in cash EPS. This cash EPS guidance includes accretion of approximately $0.05 per diluted share from eFunds. We are also projecting free cash flow of $655 million to $695 million in 2008. This assumes 280 to $300 million in capital expenditures, which is consistent with our previously disclosed target of $250 million plus ongoing eFunds capital. Working capital needs are estimated at $75 million to $100 million. Our outlook is based on the following assumptions: within TPS, while we are not factoring the end of major change in overall bank technology spend, we are taking a more conservative view regarding customized new product launches and non-emission critical projects and forest initiatives as we described earlier. Within LPS, we are expecting an overall market decline of 10 to 15% in a refined origination activity, based on the UN MBA projections 25 to 30% growth in the overall level of foreclosure activity, based on our internal modeling and a modest decline in mortgage processing revenues, primarily due to the deconversion of ABN's portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2007. We do expect approximately $35 million in cost synergies from the eFunds integration in 2008. This $35 million excludes approximately $25 million of estimated non-recurring integration costs, which includes $14 million in non-cash expenses related to the acceleration of stock options. Also excluded is approximately $25 million in one-time integration capital. The current time line for major portfolio conversions is for the ABN AMRO for Brazilian Card conversion to occur in March, followed by Bradesco in the third quarter; the conversion of the Chase sub-prime mortgage portfolio to occur in May 2008, followed by the larger Prime portfolio in 2009 and Wachovia home equity portfolio conversion to be completed in early 2009. We are anticipating net interest expense of approximately $237 million, based on average debt outstanding of $4 billion and an effective interest rate of 5.9%, which assumes a one month LIBOR rate of 3.75% and approximately $16 million in amortization of upfront debt costs and capital lease expense. Our guidance assumes a lower average effective tax rate of 36.6% in 2008 driven by our increasingly efficient international tax structure. We are estimating average diluted shares outstanding of a $197.5 million and finally our guidance excludes one-time costs related to the LPS spend as well as incremental costs associated with operating LPS as a standalone company. Now our fiscal estimates are generally in line with our expectations for revenue and for operating segment EBITDA and EBIT. The cash EPS estimates are higher than our guidance of $2.73 to $2.83 per diluted share. Higher corporate expense and non-operating items such as purchase amortization, minority interest and income taxes, accounts for the majority of the variance compared to the analyst models. Our assumptions for these factors are as follows. Our EBIT expectations are approximately $9 million or $0.03 per diluted share, lower than first call estimates. This difference is driven by a higher corporate expense of $130 million, including a $16 million increase in stock option expense. Combined equity in earnings and minority interest are estimated at a net $8 million expense in 2008, driven primarily by increased operating income from the Brazilian Card joint venture. On average, analyst models include a smaller net reduction, resulting in a difference of approximately $0.05 per diluted share. Total depreciation and amortization is expected to approximate $530 million, including $180 million in pretax purchase amortization. This translates into after-tax purchase amortization of a $140 million or $0.58 per diluted share. Analyst models on average estimate a higher level of purchase amortization, resulting in a $0.09 per diluted share difference. These items which total $0.17 per diluted share are partially offset by a lower effective tax rate compared to most analyst models, which equates to $0.03 per diluted share for an overall net impact of $0.14 per diluted share. So to summarize, the disconnect between our 2008 guidance versus consensus is tied primarily to four line items: The underestimation of stock option... stock compensation expense and minority interest expense and the overestimation of purchased amortization and the effective tax rate. The annual impact of these variances on cash EPS is equitable throughout the year. Although, we do not typically provide quarterly guidance, we are making an exception with respect to the first quarter to help establish the starting point for the quarterly cash EPS distribution. For the first quarter of 2008, we expect to generate earnings per diluted share of $0.42 to $0.45 and cash earnings per diluted share of $0.57 to $0.60. This guidance excludes the previously mentioned eFunds integration and LPS spending costs. I'll conclude my remarks by providing a high-level summary regarding our outlook for 2009 revenue growth. The pipeline of major customer conversions scheduled throughout 2008 and into early 2009, including ABN AMRO, Bradesco, Chase and Wachovia will provide incremental revenue of approximately $120 million in 2009. Based on what we see today, these contracts should help drive consolidated revenue growth in the higher single-digits in 2009. And we will now open it up for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we do have a question from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: That was close. It's Julio Quinteros from Goldman Sachs. First of all, can you just walk us through the check services business and what's happening there? We had previously stripped that out. I am trying to understand what the affect of that is across revenues and EBITDA and possibly even EPS? In other words, how much drag is in that, I am assuming it it's still in the numbers for calendar 08 at this point?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. It is still in the numbers for calendar year 08 at this point in time. And what we are seeing in the check business is a faster movement away from check writing into other forms, such as debit and other electronic forms of payment. And what we also saw in the fourth quarter I think is often with check writers, they are the first to feel the signs of any economic changes. So, we will see check writing pullback. And in Q4, we saw our volumes scale back quite a bit from our previous run rates which impacted revenue. And they have a heavy impact on margins because typically it is the good check writers that are pulling back and you still have your fraud. Therefore, your operating costs exist and you have margin degradation and that's really what we are looking at. Now, when we look forward which those trends, Q4 is really where you feel the burns of it because if you look at check services profits, nearly 40% of the profit base is in Q4 because of the segment volume. So, looking forward, it doesn't have as much of an impact when you look into 08.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: But... sorry, so what's the plan in terms of the divestiture?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right now, we've taken the existing check business and we are evaluating the sale in three pieces. One is our gain cash business, one is our Australia business and the rest is our North American core business. We are well down the road on the sales process on the first two pieces I mentioned and we are still in the process in the North American core business.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: And just any sense on timing for new loans?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We expect the first two that I mentioned to close sometime... well either before the end of first quarter or slightly thereafter and the check business is still premature to tell.
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's unclear at this time. It could take a little bit longer for that business to move forward.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just finally, I guess in the spirit of calling from Bombay here. What's your plans here on the outsourcing and offshore front. Just want to get a sense for how much you guys have discovered as you have worked with eFunds in terms of opportunity for cost savings in driving more volumes here?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: This is an enormous potential for cost savings within our current operation, utilizing the BPO operation that we now have in place in India to provide processing the support for our U.S and some of our European operations, so really good upside. The plans aren't finalized yet, but we are still working through those. But clearly if you look on a going forward basis, you are looking at tens of millions of dollars worth of expense savings if we are able to leverage those resources the right way and in a proper manner. As far as operating that business, we have also determined that there is also some pretty good significant opportunity to these relative to third-party relationships that we think we can leverage and bring into the fold where they buy our BPO services, as a result of some of those services, attached to some other services that we currently offer. So overall, we are pleased with what we have seen. There is a good management team in place. They have a wide range of capabilities, especially on the payment processing end of the spectrum and will use those pretty consistently, as we move forward.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay, do you not at this point... you don't have specific headcount targets or cost saving strategies that you think you might be able to generate?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: No we have some normal cost reductions that are in the plan and the guidance that Jeff just presented. But that's really just the very front stage of this. We think on an ongoing basis, once we get our arms around that more completely, there will be additional savings on top of that.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks guys.
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dave Koning with Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Koning - Baird Equity Research: Yes. Hi guys and you mentioned that the guidance for the year excludes any incremental corporate expense supposed to be on the lender on the business and any dilution from the check business. I am just wondering, is there any range we can think of for those pieces, just so we can think of making kind of a...
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the target that we communicated in last call that we hope to on or around the $10 million range and separating the two companies still remains true, might be a little bit north of that but not very much. It should be consistent with that number the way things were shaking out today.
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In terms of the dilution from the sales of the check business is rapidly overcome [ph] on what the potential sales prices are reported. We can actually quote what that number would be. So it's also too early for us to talk about that.
David J. Koning - Baird Equity Research: Yes I can understand that. On the eFunds business, in Q4 it looks like an EBITDA margin around 30%. Is that kind of a base line and that should actually ramp as you cut some of the costs?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: No absolutely not. eFunds is a very seasonal very much of transaction-oriented business and their margins tend to... if you look at the history, their margins really spike up in Q4. If you look at their ongoing EBITDA margins or historical EBITDA margins I should say, they are in the low 20s, maybe around 22, 23%. And that's what we view as being the carry forward that will build the cost synergies on top of.
David J. Koning - Baird Equity Research: Okay, great. And then just one quick final one; did you mention that fairly you expect a working capital drag you said 75 to 100 and is that related to mainly the default ramp?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's a good portion of it, yes.
David J. Koning - Baird Equity Research: Great, thank you.
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Wilkin [ph] with the Banc of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning gentlemen.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you speak to some of the early traction you are seeing in terms of cross-selling opportunities as a result of the eFunds acquisition?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, absolutely. We have lot of opportunity center in around prepaid card, coupled with our loyalty products that we have in place, especially on the debit card end. So by packaging eFunds capabilities with their current payment capabilities, we have a much more complete product range than currently exists in the marketplace. So we are seeing some really good traction there. We are seeing some traction... strong traction on the debit card side of the business. Now that we have additional volume and scale, we are able to price more effectively and more competitively. So we have been able to secure accounts that in the past just were out of our reach, because we didn't have the volumes scale available to us. A wide range of opportunities are starting to gel and materialize on the risk side of the business, taking eFunds check authorization and risk management capability, used with financial institutions and coupling that with the analytics that we have in place on a similar product that used to reside within Certegy, that's created a very strong opportunity for us and the volume are increasing in the pipeline for that particular product, remains very, very full. So overall, good lift, good potential, no surprises on that and we are tracking as far as synergies and new product sales as a result of the combination.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay very helpful. Thank you.
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Wayne Johnson with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Yes, good morning. When we look back at 07, what percent of new business wins were the result of cross-selling between the traditional FIS business and Certegy and what should we expect that percentage to be in 08?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Wayne, we don't track it that way. That's a hard number to precisely get to, but I'll kind of put it this way, the vast majority of the revenue lift in sales increase that IFF experienced in the last year was directly related to two things, it was related to the combination of the Certegysales force and the IFF sales force in better leveraging sales opportunities with more accountability, cross-selling better account responsibility overall and also it was generated through the integration of payment capabilities in the workflow processing platform. So overall very, very strong lift; majority of new sales were generated from the combination of two organizations. Internationally, really, really strong lift in terms of the Brazilian marketplace, the item processing relationships that we have established throughout Brazil were a derivative of the card processing relationships we had. We signed a number of TouchPoint applications internationally which were leveraged on some of the payments processing relationships, we had in place and also, we mentioned earlier, I mentioned the BB&T relationship was a direct result of cross-selling. So lots of revenue, lots of new sales and I will give you just a rough number, well over $2 billion in contract value was signed throughout 2006 and 2007 directly related to cross-selling additional products and services into the base that we had, so a big strong lift. A: Wayne Johnson: Okay, great. That's really helpful. And if I can just go back, real quick to the Bill Pay announcement with Digital Insight, that sounds like a great opportunity for you guys. Is this the most important takeaway, is the access to all of Digital Insight's customers to offer Bill Pay, is that the takeaway from that?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's a takeaway Wayne. They obviously have a very, very strong base. They are large in the business. They have a dominant market share position in the bid market and small market institution base. And yes, they will market our products and that is a takeaway. A: Wayne Johnson: And then why, if I understand... if I remember correctly, didn't Digital Insight have a very strong relationship with Metavante?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: They actually represent a number of different bill payment providers. So they are not exclusive to anyone. We're just added to the mix. A: Wayne Johnson: Terrific. Alright, thanks very much.
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brett Huff with Stephens Incorporated. Please go ahead.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Good morning everybody.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Just a quick. I want to make sure I get the timeline right for the spin. It sounds like the next data point that we are going to get is a filing in March and then after that, is there anything before the actual transaction is executed?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right. What we need to do is we need to finish up the three. You look back out for carve out for the LPS organization, which we expect to finish by the end of February which will then help us finish the filing of Form-10 in mid March. From that point of waiting for the SEC comments to come back on the filing. I am waiting for our response back from the IRS. We expect the IRS response to come back by mid April. We expect the SEC to come back at various points over the next couple of months. Our timeline currently projects we will complete it by the end of June. So, we are going to have Q3 be our first linked quarter, there is some cushion built into that.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And the in the corporate expense in the guidance that you said is $130 million and it sounds like there was an incremental $4 million or $5 million from stock option expense versus last year. Is that the right way to look at that?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. The increment from the stock comp expense is about $16 million.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Okay. So, that is incremental over and above last year?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right. That's the majority of the increase in corporate expense for the... in the guidance.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Okay.
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: We actually issued... just to clarify that, we actually took options down to a much, much lower level because of competitive pressures that we are facing. So, it really went 3, 4 levels down into the organization and that's good obviously for retention and for competitive purposes.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: Okay. And then lastly, you had outlined some of the services that you are expecting, the Brazil deals and the Brazil clients to bring. It sounds like there may have been some incremental additional things that you're selling to those folks or are there incremental things than we've know about before?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, there is a wide range of product and services that we are currently exploring with the partners that we have in Brazil. We are not ready really to talk about those but I think it's safe to say that as you look on a going forward basis, we will have a full range of card processing back-office services available. In fact the two major banks will utilize those, all the way from call center handling for the consumer, to fraud and risk management to collection services on the back end. Then in addition to it, we are in the process of implementing a wide range of imaging platform that will be utilized by the banks in processing of checks. That will bring a brand new technology to the banks in Brazil. So we think that's going to create a very strong competitive demand and add a lot of incremental revenue opportunities going forward, so very receptive. They view FIS as the right partner. They like our wide range of product capability and we do everything in our power to make sure that we sell additional products into that base.
Brett Huff - Stephens Inc.: That's all I have. Thank you.
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank You.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we do have our question from Wayne Johnson with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Yes. Good morning again just a quick follow up. On the check services, what are the plans for eFunds' check services? Is that going to be included in the divestiture plans for the checks services you guys were already offering prior to that acquisition?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the scan piece of that will migrate over with the POS piece that we had within Certegy. So it's all going to be combined Wayne.
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. It's already reporting up to the Check Services Group. Just to put in perspective that scan piece of business is only about $10 million in revenue by the time we took it over.
Wayne Johnson - Raymond James: Terrific. Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we do have a question from Roger Smith with Fox-Pitt, Kelton. Please go ahead.
Roger S. Smith - Fox-Pitt, Kelton, Inc.: Hi, thanks a lot. I am just trying to go through the LPS numbers here and looks like derivative processing revenues were up by some non-account based revenues with termination fees. Can you tell us how much that was? And then the second question that I am trying to get on in the modeling side is, if 10% decline in originations are in the mortgage processing business in 2008, can we sort of back out this termination fee and then use this fourth quarter as a run rate to build ourselves down that level and then, on the Information Services with that 25 to 35... 25 to 30% increase in default, how should we think about that piece of the LPS growing?
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay when you are looking at the non-account based fees, the net impact for that you will see in Q4 is about $7 million.
Roger S. Smith - Fox-Pitt, Kelton, Inc.: Okay.
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And overall growth rate down from a $7 [ph] 1% rate that we were talking about and I think in our prepared remarks, we talked about and looking forward, we would expect the mortgage processing revenues for 08 to be slightly down as we complete out the conversions that will occur in'09, which will then accelerate growth in 09. So that's the mortgage processing piece of the business. Our current trends on the Information Services business, we were at 13.4% in Q4. We expect to be able to maintain a low double-digit growth in that sector rolling into 2008 based on the market trends we talked about from a foreclosure standpoint, and also based on our ability to not shrink at the same level that market's shrinking from an origination and re-fi. And we expect to continue to gain from the trend to outsource and from our strong customer relationships that continue to take share as we help these guys lowers their cost base and that's factored into our plan and that's what is helping drive our ability to forecast low double-digit growth in that Information Services.
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: And we will give you further update as we go forward on whether or not the spike or the increase in our front-end origination volumes that we mentioned in January continues. We believe it will and that will obviously be a real benefit to us if it does.
Roger S. Smith - Fox-Pitt, Kelton, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Dan Perlin with Wachovia. Please go ahead.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Thanks. In the past I think you had broken out at least directionally, the EBITDA margins within some of the lender businesses. So I think you had said default services EBITDA margins were in kind of mid-20s percent in the previous... in the third quarter. Can you give us an insight of what it looks like this quarter and what you might expect it to be?
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We think...
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Go ahead.
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We continue to expand our margins in default services businesses like I talked about in my remarks. We are approaching 30% from an EBITDA margin standpoint and that's really because we are... Lee had mentioned the desktop solution. I mean we are blending technology with data with services and it's the combination of the three that's helping us to expand our margins.
Daniel Perlin - Wachovia Securities: Okay.
Mary K. Waggoner - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you all for joining us this morning. Please remain on the line for the telephone replay information.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mary Waggoner - SVP of IR Bill Foley - Executive Chairman Lee Kennedy - President and CEO Jeff Carbiener - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Dave Koning - Baird Geoff Dunn - KBW Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan James Kissane - Bear Stearns Greg Smith - Merrill Lynch  Wayne Johnson - Raymond James Nik Fisken - Stephens Incorporated Paul Bartolai - Credit Suisse David Tougot - First Manhattan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcometo the FIS Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, allparticipants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct aquestion-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time.(Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded today,Thursday, October 25, 2007. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Ms. MaryWaggoner, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Mary Waggoner: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everyone. Joining me todayto review our third quarter results in this morning's announcement regardingthe proposed spin-off of Lender Processing Services are Bill Foley, ExecutiveChairman; Lee Kennedy, President and Chief Executive Officer; and JeffCarbiener, Chief Financial Officer. In addition to being recorded, this call is being audio castlive over the Internet. Telephone replay information is included in today'spress release and a replay will also be available on our website. Today'sdiscussion will contain references to non-GAAP and pro forma results, in orderto provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. As in the previous quarter, the 2006 and 2007 GAAP resultspresented in today's press results have been adjusted to improve comparability.Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results and a schedule showinghistorical details are provided in today's press release, which is alsoavailable on our website. Before we continue, I would like to remind you that some ofthe comments made on today's call will contain forward-looking statements.These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties described in ourearnings release and other filings with the SEC. The company expresslydisclaims any duty to update or revise those forward-looking statements. Now, I will turn the call over to our Executive Chairman, BillFoley.
Bill Foley: Thanks, Mary, and good morning. Thanks for joining us today.FIS delivered another strong quarter of solid operating results in spite ofunprecedented turmoil throughout the real estate industry, which also impactedthe broader capital markets. We are very pleased with the results of all FIS'sbusiness units and we remain confident in our ability to generate solid financialresults well into the future. Lee and Jeff will provide additional detail on the thirdquarter operating performance, and I will focus on our strategic initiatives. On August 31, FIS finalized the sale of Property Insight to FNF.Property Insight, which markets aggregated title and property information totitle agencies, insurers and other organizations, fits better with the FNF titlebusiness. On September 12, FIS completed the acquisition of eFunds, whichadds scale and product capability to our transaction processing and riskmanagement businesses. We believe that eFunds will be an excellent addition toFIS and will strengthen our overall competitive position. As Lee will covershortly, we are making good progress in integrating eFunds and FIS. Now, I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss thismorning's announcements regarding plans to evaluate a spin-off of our lender servicesdivision businesses. Our transaction processing of lender services businesseseach had strong competitive position and excellent potential for future growth. TPS serves a broad and diversified group of core and paymentprocessing clients worldwide and continues to gain scale on market share. LPShas evolved into a market-leading, multifaceted business that provides a broadrange of integrated data, servicing and technology solutions to large scalemortgage lenders. From an operational point of view, the ability to leveragetechnology, operations and product development initiatives across our lenderand transaction processing businesses has been limited. Additionally, thebusinesses have competing investment and resource needs. We believe that the businesses have distinct characteristicsthat may attract a different investor base. The perceived exposure to themortgage market has caused volatility in our stock price and investor base,despite the excellent financial performance of LPS, which has exceeded ourpeers. We believe that the value of the two separate businesses should begreater than the combined business and that two separate pure-play entitiesshould significantly enhance the shareholder value. An independent TPS will be well positioned as a highperforming core bank and payment processing company, while an independent LPSwill be well positioned as the leading provider of uniquely integrated data,technology and servicing solutions for the lender and real estate industries.As separate companies, each will be able to invest independently in theirrespective businesses and pursue their own operational, financial and strategicinitiatives. Shareholders will have the ability to optimize theirholdings in the company which best fits their investment criteria. We expect tostructure the proposed transaction as a leveraged spin. As currentlycontemplated, the company will contribute the assets of LPS into a newly formedsubsidiary in exchange for new LPS debt, securities and common stock. FIS plans to retire a portion of its existing creditfacilities through a debt-for-debt exchange of new LPS debt for FIS debt thatis currently outstanding. Subsequently, FIS shareholders will receive new LPSshares on a pro rata basis and a tax-free spin-off. The transaction iscontingent upon receiving a tax-free ruling by the IRS, accomplishment of theaforementioned debt swap and will also be subject to review by the SEC. We arein the process of determining the optimal debt allocation and capital structureand will provide additional detail in the future. Now, I'll turn the call over to Lee for a review of thethird quarter results.
Lee Kennedy: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone, and thank you forjoining us today. I'll begin today's business review with a summary of thirdquarter results, including an update on our progress in integrating eFunds in FIS.Jeff Carbiener will follow me with the detailed financial report and outlookfor the remainder of the year. Overall, it was a good quarter. We successfully managedthrough one of the most challenging real estate markets in the past 25 years,demonstrating the strength and diversity of our customer base, integratedproduct offerings and management teams. Third quarter consolidated revenue increased 10.4%. EBITDAincreased 14.4%, and cash earnings per share came in at $0.63, which is a 10.5%increase over the prior year. Excluding eFunds, revenue increased 7.9%, drivenby 6.5% growth in Transaction Processing Services and 8.5% growth in LenderProcessing Services. EBITDA increased 12.1% and the EBITDA margin increased 100basis points to 27.4%. The increase in Transaction Processing Services revenue wasdriven by strong growth in the International and Integrated Financial Solutionsbusinesses. International revenue increased 19.5% over the prior year, fueledby stronger core systems sales and excellent growth in our Brazilian card processingbusiness. Consistent with our second quarter call, we remain on scheduleto convert both Brazilian card portfolios in 2008, beginning with ABN Amro inMarch followed by Bradesco in June. We are entering the final phase ofconversion testing with ABN and we do not expect the sale of ABN to impact theconversion of the bank's card portfolio to our Brazilian card processingplatform. ABN remains highly committed to this project, which it viewsas critical to acquiring the products functionality and cost efficienciesnecessary to remain competitive in the Brazilian marketplace. Additionally, asa partner of the joint venture, ABN has a strong vested financial interest inthe success of the new card processing business. We are also making good progress in automating andstreamlining our Brazilian item processing business. During the quarter, wemade substantial headway in rolling out our new imaging technology platform andin consolidating regional processing centers. Continued strong new sales grew over a 7% increase inIntegrated Financial Solutions third quarter revenue. New sales increased 31%over the prior year with solid improvement across all product lines, includingcore processing, debit, credit, item processing, loyalty, and institutionmerchant processing services. As we have discussed in the past, the majority of new saleswere generated by selling additional products and services to existingcustomers as well as new customers. The Bankers Bank, which providescorrespondent services to more than 1,400 community institutions, recentlyexpanded its long-term relationship with FIS. It will remarket our commercialcapture and remittance processing services to member institutions. In addition,we are pleased to be selected as the exclusive provider of credit cardprocessing services for The Bankers Bank. We're also making great progress in consolidating ourUS-based item processing platforms and in streamlining operations. Over thepast year, we have reduced the number of banks running on the ABS and BMISplatforms by 50%, and we'll convert all remaining institutions by yearend 2008.This is an important step in reducing operating and support cost in our itemprocessing business. Customer satisfaction and retention in all core IFSbusinesses remains high. Now I'll turn to EBS. Over the past several quarters, wediscussed a strong interest in our TouchPoint Channel Solution products. We'realso encouraged by the increased level of interest in our next generation profilecore processing platforms, and we believe that large and mid-Tier banks willstart replacing core processing systems within the next five years. Most large banks are currently operating multiple coresystems, driven by outdated, 30-year old technology, which is very expensive tooperate and lacks flexibility. We have excellent customer relationships withmany of the nation's top-Tier banks, the majority of which are running on ourcore processing systems. This puts us in an excellent position to receive strongconsideration when the banks move towards new core processing systemreplacement. Over the past few months, several of the nation's leadingfinancial institutions have launched exploratory core system initiatives withFIS. Next, I'll provide an update on eFunds. As Bill mentioned,we completed the acquisition of eFunds on September 12. The combination hasbeen well received by customers and employees, and we're off to a strong start.We are impressed with the overall quality of eFunds's product offerings andbelieve the EFT, risk management and prepaid card services businesses willgenerate strong growth for our company. Consistent with the integration of Certegy,eFunds will be consolidated immediately into existing FIS business units, whichwill enable us to generate cost and revenue synergies more quickly. The USpayments business, which includes eFunds, EFT, ACH, prepaid card and governmentservices, will be merged into Integrated Financial Solutions. eFunds riskmanagement business will become a part of Enterprise Banking Solutions and allinternational businesses will be merged into our existing internationalorganization. We are confident that we will achieve the targeted $65million in annual cost savings by reducing corporate overhead, eliminatingredundant processing platforms, consolidating data centers and reducing generalsupport in operating expense. Jeff, will provide additional details on thetiming of these cost savings and the expected accretion later in the call. Now we'll move on to Lender Processing Services, which has naturallygenerated a great deal of interest in discussions over the past couple ofmonths. Record delinquencies, falling home sales, declining portfolio valuesand a severe lack of liquidity, drove unprecedented market volatility duringthe quarter. The excellent growth in LPS achieved when the overall marketdeclined approximately 25%, was driven by our strong competitive positions,broad range of integrated products and services, reputation for high quality serviceand our focus and experienced management team. Third quarter lender services revenue increased 8.5% over theprior year. EBITDA increased 6.2% and the margin improved on a sequential basisto 33.9%. Customer share gains and strong demand for our integrated data andtechnology solutions generated excellent growth in default and appraisalservices. I think it's important to note that the severity of themarket decline in the third quarter went well beyond normal real estate cycles.Over the past several quarters, FIS has consistently outperformed the marketand our industry peers, outpacing the decline of the overall mortgage market. Lender services revenue growth has remained strong,increasing 7.5% in 2006 and 10.6% in the first nine month of 2007. This strongrevenue growth was achieved through the successful execution of key strategicinitiatives. First, our business model was built on providing theindustry's most comprehensive range of data, products and outsourcing solutionsto large lenders with centralized operations. These lenders rely on FIS toprovide solutions, which reduce origination and servicing costs, and providetheir customers with a higher level of customer service. This large institutiondirect lender base has been more stable and dominant over the past few months.It will continue to strengthen in the future. Secondly, we have successfully integrated the delivery andprocessing of our core and ancillary products, which reduces costs and providessuperior flexibility to our customers. The technology supporting our mortgageservicing platform and desktop process management systems is unmatched andprovides FIS with a significant competitive advantage. In short, the investments that we have made to developscalable and flexible delivery and processing systems is paying off andtranslating directly into market share gains and strong revenue growth. We believe future market trends will continue to work to ouradvantage. In the past, more than 60% of new loan origination was generated throughindirect wholesale and correspondent channels. Many of these independentmortgage brokers have either ceased operations or have significantly scaledback loan production. The changing market conditions have resulted in a flight-to-qualityto large lenders with strong balance sheets and alternative funding sources.These large lenders require best-in-class technology solutions. A recentarticle in the American Banker, predicts that the five largest US bankingcompanies, all of which are FIS clients, will increase their share of themortgage originations and servicing markets from 31% to 50% over the next fewyears. We've already started to see strong evidence of this shift.The top-Tier banks and lenders are generating a larger percentage of the overallvolume in a declining origination and refinance market. Before I turn the callover to Jeff, I'd like to reiterate a few of the points that Bill made earlierregarding the proposed spin off of our lender services business. LPS is a great business and we intend to continue tostrengthen our market leadership position. Home lending is an important part ofthe overall economic growth of this country. It's an industry that's here tostay. Over the past several years, we have built very strong competitive positions.Our integrated technology and product capabilities are unmatched, and we expectto benefit from the changing market dynamics which will continue to drivehigher volumes to our customers. LPS has done a good job building strong integrated productsand services that increase customer operating efficiencies and improve thelevel of service provided to their consumers. Our transaction processing andlender services business have generated strong organic growth. Each haveexperienced management teams and both are leaders in their respective markets. However, each business is unique and distinct, servingdifferent customers and markets and potentially investors. The opportunities toleverage technology, product development and operations between the twobusinesses are limited. Each segment is well positioned to competitively standon its own. We believe the separation will provide more flexible productdevelopment and capital allocation, driving higher value to our customers andshareholders. We believe the separation of FIS and the two independent publiccompanies will drive strong benefits to our customers, our employees and theorganizations that invest in our company. I will now turn the call over to Jeff for a detailedfinancial review. Jeff?
Jeff Carbiener : Thanks, Lee, and good morning. Consolidated revenues grew10.4% during the third quarter and consolidated EBITDA grew 14.4%. Theseresults were impacted by the sale of Property Insight, which has beenreclassified as discontinued operations for all periods presented and by eFundswhich was included in the FIS operating results after the acquisition wascompleted on September 12th. Because the acquisition was completed so near the end of thequarter, my comments today on revenue and EBITDA will focus on FIS on astandalone basis, excluding eFunds results. In future periods, the threeprimary eFunds business units will be included in the TPS subsegments that Leedescribed earlier. Also, within the next few weeks, we will provide quarterlypro forma financials for 2006 and 2007, to assist you in modeling the combinedentity. Consolidated third quarter revenue, excluding eFunds,increased 7.9% with TPS revenue increasing by 6.5% to $692.9 million and LPSrevenues increasing 8.5% to $444.2 million. The 6.5% increase in TPS revenuewas driven by a 7% increase in IFS revenues and a 19.5% increase ininternational revenues. The 19.5% increase in international revenue to $142.1million was driven by strong growth in our card operations in Braziland Australiaalong with growth in core bank processing in EMEA and favorable currencyimpacts. IFS revenues increased 7% to $296.1 million in the quarter, fueled bydouble-digit growth in item processing and e-business and solid growth in ourcredit card operation. EBS revenue of $255.5 million, was comparable to the prioryear quarter. Increases in processing revenues and implementation servicesdriven by new customer installations were offset by higher projects specificrevenue in the third quarter of 2006 and difficult year-over-year comparison incheck. As guided in the past quarters, when revenue growth was extremelystrong, this is a channel mostly subject to variability in quarter-to-quarterresults. Our pipeline remains strong, especially demand for TouchPointapplications, and we expect solid annual growth in this segment. Lenderprocessing revenues increased 8.5% to $444.2 million, driven by 16.1% growth ininformation services, which more than offset a small decline in mortgageprocessing revenue. In information services, strong growth in default andappraisal services more than offset the declines in origination-orientedproducts such as tax, property exchange and title and closing services. A combination of new customers' signings and increased foreclosureactivity drove accelerated growth in default in the third quarter, while marketshare gains and the ongoing trend to outsource drove strong double-digit growthin valuation services. We expect the trends in default to continue, as we areseeing increased volumes in our front-end foreclosure services as well assizable volume increases in our back-end REO asset management services. Also, as Lee has mentioned, as large scale vendors continueto gain market share, there is increasing demand for our centralized automatedend-to-end solutions especially in the areas of title, closing, appraisalservices. These factors, combined with our broad mix of products and services, havedriven solid growth in lender processing over the past 18 months, even thoughthe origination of refund markets have been steadily declining and will likelycontinue to do so. Mortgage processing revenues of $92.4 million, were $1.2million or 1.3% over the third quarter of 2006. Higher professional servicesrevenue in the prior year quarter, combined with substantial deferredconversion services work for Chase and Wachovia in the current year quarter, impactedthe year-over-year growth rate. The average number of loans processed, increased 2.3% to$28.3 million compared to the third quarter of 2006. While FIS typicallybenefits from consolidation in the mortgage industry due to our strong marketshare, we are anticipating a decline in average loan count in the fourthquarter driven by the acquisition of ABN's $1.5 million mortgage loan portfolioby Citibank. Looking ahead, we would expect total loans to increase asour large processing clients continue to gain share. In addition, Chase andWachovia will add more than $6 million in loans to our mortgage servicingplatform once fully converted. And as we've discussed in previous calls, thepipeline of home equity prospects continues to grow as lenders seek toconsolidate mortgage processing platforms to achieve better risk mitigation andsecuritization functionality. Moving to EBITDA, consolidated EBITDA, excluding eFunds, increased12.1% to $312.7 million, with an EBITDA margin of 27.4%, a 100 basis pointimprovement compared to the prior year quarter. Given the difficult market conditions faced during thequarter, we focused on efficiency and expense control. These initiativesincluded headcount reductions, reduction in management incentive compensation,consolidation of operating centers and decreases and other discretionaryspending. TPS’ EBITDA increased 14% to $179.1 million driven byleverage on new sales and targeted expense reductions. TPS’ EBITDA margin was25.9% compared to 24.2% in the third quarter of 2006. Adjusting for thehistorical Brazil BPO operating losses in the prior year, TPS still experiencedmargin improvement, which further demonstrates the benefits we are seeing fromincreasing scale and effective expense management. Lender processing EBITDA of $150.8 million increased 6.2%compared to the third quarter of 2006 and the EBITDA margin was 33.9% comparedto 34.7% in the prior year. On a sequential basis, the margin improved to 150basis points driven by continued expansion in default services margins andrigorous cost management. Excluding eFunds, corporate expense totaled $17.3 millioncompared to $20.3 million in the third quarter of 2006. The decrease isattributable to reduced compensation and benefits expenses. Turning to cash earnings and free cash flow, we will nowspeak about consolidated operating results, which include eFunds. Cashearnings, which we define as net income plus after-tax purchase amortization,totaled $124.3 million or $0.63 per diluted share, compared to $0.57 in thethird quarter of 2006. After-tax purchase amortization declined to $26.6 millioncompared to $29 million in the prior year quarter. These results exclude the after-taxgains of $159.4 million, which are primarily related to the sale of Covansysstock and Property Insight. Also excluded are restructuring and other chargesof $12.9 million. These charges were primarily the result of a write-down,which is included in D&A, related to our agreement to provide customizedsoftware, application management and on-site support for certain CSC corebanking platforms. CSC's recent purchase of expenses substantially altered ourview on the future value of the arrangement. Moving to free cash flow, which also includes eFunds, resultsfor the partial month of September, free cash flow, which we defined as netincome plus depreciation and amortization, less capital expenditures, was $129million. Capital expenditures totaled $90.7 million and were somewhat above ourexpectations due to new enterprise like software license agreements negotiatedduring the quarter and higher than expected new product enhancements. The new software agreements will result in reduced futureoperating expenses and the product enhancements will drive future revenuegrowth opportunities. We expect capital expenditures to return to morenormalized levels in the fourth quarter, and we now expect the year to finishout approximately $325 million, which does include eFunds. The uses of free cash flow during the quarter included $9.7million in shareholder dividends, $80 million in share repurchases, debtrepayment of $335 million and acquisitions net of cash required, totaling $1.7billion. We experienced net uses of working capital during the quarterapproximately of $20 million, driven by strong revenue growth in our defaultservices products, which have longer collection cycles tied to the ultimatesale of the public property. Additionally, changes in deferred costs and revenues andcash needs for our gaming division within check services impacted workingcapital during the quarter. Based on our projections, we expect a similar useof working capital in the fourth quarter. At quarter end, we had approximately $279 million in cashand total debt outstanding of $4.3 billion. This includes the new $1.6 billionterm B loan related to our purchase of eFunds which is priced at LIBOR plus175. We also instituted $1 billion in new interest rate swaps, which have atwo-year term at a fixed LIBOR rate of 4.73%. Including these new swaps, approximately $2.2 billion of ourtotal debt has LIBOR rates fixed at an average rate of approximately 4.7%, andwe also have another $300 million in fixed-rate debt with an average interestrate of less than 5%. I'll conclude with a few comments about our outlook for theremainder of the year and a preliminary look at the expected contribution by eFundsto cash earnings per share in 2008. As stated in our press release, we now expect full year 2007adjusted net earnings of approximately $1.90 per diluted share, which has beenadjusted to reflect the $0.03 impact from the sale of Property Insight and$0.04 impact for purchase amortization associated with the acquisition ofeFunds. We expect cash earnings to be at the low end of our previouslyannounced guidance of $2.44 to $2.50 per diluted share, which reflects theimpact of the sale of Property Insight. eFunds is expected to be neutral to 2007cash earnings per diluted share. On a FIS standalone basis, we are maintaining our previousrevenue guidance of 9% to 11% and EBITDA guidance of 10% to 12%. Including eFunds,we now expect full year revenue and EBITDA growth of approximately 14% to 16%. Based on our preliminary projections, eFunds is expected toadd between $0.05 and $0.10 to cash earnings per diluted share in 2008,assuming $35 million to $50 million in 2008 cost savings. We expect to beginachieving the targeted annual run rate savings of $65 million by the end of2009. Again, these are preliminary estimates, which we'll be firming upthroughout the budgeting process. Now, I'll turn it back to Lee.
Lee Kennedy: Thanks, Jeff. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks thismorning, and we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Dave Koning withBaird. Please go ahead.
Dave Koning - Baird: Yeah. Hi, guys. Nice quarter.
Lee Kennedy: Thank you.
Dave Koning - Baird: I guess, first of all, when we look at the lender businessand we think about defaults accelerating during Q3, did it continue toaccelerate into September and October? And then, I guess on a similar note,when we kind of look at the purchase in refi sensitive businesses how didtrends in terms of accelerating and decelerating trends kind of work through Q3and into the early parts of Q4?
Lee Kennedy: It continues to accelerate on the default side, and we'veonly seen really some of the early stages of what's likely to happen. So thatbusiness is going to exhibit really strong growth characteristic, I think, wellin beyond next year. So we're in very, very good shape there.
Jeff Carbiener: Yeah. Just if you look at the amount of volume that areflowing into our foreclosure and bankruptcy referral services, which are reallythe front-end, it's really the start of the foreclosure process, we saw volumesincreasing 60, I think it was 63% in Q3. Now it's consistent throughout thequarter.
Lee Kennedy: Yeah. I think one upside and one plus in addition to whatJeff just covered is we have a very, very full pipeline of large institutionsthat traditionally have operated their default programs in-house. And as theyare experiencing increasing volumes, they've started to talk to us about handlingsome of the overflow and some of the business that they normally would dowithin their own institution. So that business is really a very, very goodbusiness for us, and it's going to continue to be so well into the future.
Dave Koning - Baird: Great. And then, I guess just on the purchase and refisensitive business, did those experienced decelerating growth through Q3 andinto Q4 so far?
Jeff Carbiener: The origination sensitive businesses that I mentioned suchas the title and closing services and property exchange, in fact, yes, they didshow decreases in volumes during the quarter. The decreases in volumes in noway match the market decline on it. So, some of the reasons we talked about thefact that we have the relationships with the big banks that are still makingthe loans. So when activity is occurring, we're seeing the advantages of that.But, yes, we did see a decline, but nowhere near…
Lee Kennedy: The one area that we saw which was very, very strong, which actuallysurprised us a little bit during the quarter, was our appraisal business. That wasstill exhibiting strong growth characteristics. We're getting a lot of sharefrom in-house providers. And that business is kind of going counter cyclical towhat we would think would have happened. So it will continue on also.
Dave Koning - Baird: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank You. Our next question comes from the line of GeoffDunn with KBW. Please go ahead.
Geoff Dunn - KBW: Thanks. Good morning. With respect to the spin, if Iremember correctly the old spin-off was bought in with ALLTEL for technologicalefficiency opportunities. So, is there any challenge in spinning that out orare most of those efficiencies built into mortgage processing platform?
Bill Foley: Geoff, it's Bill. Really the technology, the IT based, theinfrastructure is really separate between the two businesses, TPS and LPS. Andthe primary technology that is key to LPS is based upon the mortgage servicingplatform. And that platform has been significantly expanded over the last threeyears in terms of enhancements, but relative to be able to offer additionalproducts and services that directly tied in and integrated into that platform. So the two businesses really are separate. And one of thingsthat we originally thought, say, three years ago was there will be more cross-sellingto mortgage lenders of various TPS products and services, and that reallyhasn't happened. And further, LPS is more transactionally-oriented as opposedto recurring revenue and long-term contract of revenue base. And so, we've really felt like -- just to give our investorsa chance to pick and choose between two very different businesses. And it turnsthe remaining FIS into a business that looks lot more like Jack Henry with thebig bank aspect to it and a more robust payment fees. Anything to add to that,Lee?
Lee Kennedy: No. I think it covers it well.
Geoff Dunn - KBW: This may be too early, but touching what you said about the cross-sell,I think most of the cross-sell successes has probably been through the mortgageprocessing client base. But do you foresee having an upscale in thesebusinesses to generate your own organic growth or would you look, maybe, justfind a strategic partner that has complementary businesses for additional cross-sellin the future?
Lee Kennedy: I think these businesses are strong enough to stand on theirown. If you just take a look at the sales progress we made over the last two yearit's been phenomenal. So very, very good strong sales efforts and results, andthey are clearly strong enough. They have a lot of capability, a lot of productdiversity, a lot of good technology that's available to the market. So theanswer is yes.
Geoff Dunn - KBW: Great. Thank you. Looks like a good spend.
Lee Kennedy: Thanks
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tien-TsinHuang with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Hi. Thanks. Any update on the check services strategicreview?
Lee Kennedy: Yes, we're making progress. More than likely, thebusinesses, the bad business will be separated into three distinct sections.One, a business that we operate out of Australia,that's check country. We have another business and that will go with our POSbusiness or US-based POS business. We have a gaming business that will beseparated also. So, we'll take a look at it in that basis. A lot of interest orinterest on at least two of the segments and we're making good progress. We'lllet you know as we move forward.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: In the disclosure that you gave at the strategic review,there's quite a bit of decline in the check services operating income. Is thatclient attrition, pricing…
Lee Kennedy: It's not client attrition at all. In fact, we still aregaining market share. It all relates to a certain portion of check writersconverting to plastic instruments. And so the check erosion has accelerated. That'sone of the reasons why we want to move that business out and find alternativesfor it. That did impact the TPS growth rate this quarter. So that was one ofthe major factors that drove that softening. It had nothing to do with our corebusiness. The core business remains strong. But that factor, it demonstrateswhy we want to find an alternative for check.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Right. So if we were to exclude the impact of check, what wouldthe TPS growth look like?
Jeff Carbiener: It would have been in the low single-digits from a growthstandpoint.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Low single-digits?
Jeff Carbiener: And remember, the reason it has more of an impact onprofitability is that…
Lee Kennedy: That was the opposite. I think his question was what wouldTPS look like?
Jeff Carbiener: EBS was low single-digit. I'm sorry. It has a much smallerimpact on the overall TPS. A few percentage points on the check side, that'swhat the impact was.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: On the EBS business?
Jeff Carbiener: Yes. And then there was one other factor. Keep in mind, inthe last quarter, the same quarter of last year, we had a very strong quarter.We had over 10% growth in that business. We pointed out at that time that someof the revenue that we got in was non-repetitive, it was project related,professional service related and that also impacted this quarter. So, if youcall both of those out and look at our TPS business or EBS business, it stillremains very strong. It's a good business and there shouldn't be any reason tobe concerned with decelerating growth in that business.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Got it. And then eFunds, in terms of the outlook, I thinkeFunds itself gave some long-term guidance in their last 10-Q. Any reason whywe can't rely upon those figures as the target longer-term?
Lee Kennedy: When we purchased that company, we took into accountexpected attrition and there are some accounts that will likely move away fromeFunds. And we want to get the base correct and get the numbers correct beforewe disclose that to the marketplace. So we've got a little bit of more work todo on that. And once we get it, we will get it to you as quickly as possible.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Okay.
Jeff Carbiener: A good thing to point to in the outlook is if you look atthe last quarter that eFunds announced, they were actually a few cents belowwhat consensus was, but our projections when we were doing due diligence matchedup with their actual results. So we have adjusted our expectations.
Lee Kennedy: Yes, the good news is we haven't had any surprises relativeto the eFunds acquisition. We're in good shape with the numbers that we used asa base, and we're working towards getting you more information.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Yes, you have done very well with the acquisitions. Just thelast question, just curious, how much cash do you need to run each of thebusinesses between LPS and TPS roughly?
Lee Kennedy: At this point in time, you need more on the TPS side becausewe have more cash intense businesses such as the gaming business within checkservices division where we sell ATM services. In a lot of cases, when we saleATM services, we take responsibility for funding the cash into those ATMs.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Okay. So you seem a little bit more cash than indistribution between TPS and LPS?
Lee Kennedy: Yes, we're more weighted on the TPS side. On the LPS side,there really is accounts receivable, and that's all related to our defaultservice business. So it is both businesses, but slanted and leaning towardsTPS.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks for that.
Lee Kennedy: And just keep in mind, some of that goes away. If we'resuccessful in divesting or finding another alternative for our gaming business,we're not going to be using cash to fund ATMs and all sort of check cashingkiosks that we have within the casinos, that all cuts cash usage down quite abit.
Jeff Carbiener: One of the thing that's probably an important point inmodeling going forward, if you're trying to break the businesses apart, is thatwhen you look at our overall CapEx spending, a lion's share of that spendingfalls on the TPS side, because you are dealing with the technology company thathas to continually invest in those platforms. Yes, we have that on the mortgageprocessing side, but it's nowhere near the level of spend we have ontransaction processing.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Got it.
Jeff Carbiener: On a working a capital standpoint we talked about, the usesfrom the CapEx standpoint much more heavy towards TPS.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: That is helpful. Thank you.
Lee Kennedy: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of JamesKissane. Please state your company followed by your question.
James Kissane - BearStearns: Bear Stearns. I know it's early, but do you have a sense ofthe incremental public company cost?
Bill Foley: Not really. I mean the audit is going to be split and themanagement is basically in place for each respective business. It's reallypretty minor.
Lee Kennedy: It should be pretty minor on the technology side. We'reoperating two pretty distinct operations there. So, there is not a lot ofadditive expense. You'll have obviously certain positions that will have to befilled in one company where they don't exist today. But, I think, overall, Jim,if you just take a look at what we've done in the past, it shouldn't besignificant at all.
James Kissane - BearStearns: And can you give us a little insight in terms of the growthin appraisal versus the growth in default, maybe like a little color on thedifferences between those businesses?
Lee Kennedy: On the default side, it's just off the chart. I don't knowif we disclosed it this quarter, but it’s way north of 50%.
Jeff Carbiener: It’s north of 50%. And if you're looking at the growth inappraisal, you're talking over 20%.
James Kissane - BearStearns: And the margin differential on those businesses?
Jeff Carbiener: Yeah, there is a margin differential on those businesses. We'vebeen seeing margin expansion, quite dramatic margin expansion on the defaultside. We're starting to see our default margins, in the past we've talked aboutthe mid-teens in terms of EBITDA margin. We'd expand it up into now themid-to-high 20% margins on an EBITDA basis. So there is leverage in thatbusiness. On the appraisal side, the margins pretty much run right around15% from an EBITDA standpoint. I mean you got to pay the appraiser the heavycost of sale and you don't have as much leverage that you can gain in thatbusiness line.
James Kissane - BearStearns: So what's the leverage point in default? I thought you hadto pay people to service their foreclosures?
Lee Kennedy: With default, you've got a combination of people-intensebusinesses, but you've also got technology services. We mentioned theforeclosure desktop workflow management system. Most of the customers that weload that use our front-end systems to manage their foreclosure process,they're using our technology. And that's a very, very high margin business forus.
Bill Foley: We can schedule it better. We can buy the services more costeffectively. So there is good leverage as you add additional volumes into themix in certain pieces of that business. So, the automation clearly has helpedus in a major way, Jim.
Jim Kissane - BearStearns: Great. Thank you.
Bill Foley: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of GregSmith with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Greg Smith - MerrillLynch: Yeah. Hi, guys. Just following up on that on the margins, Ithink I can easily back into it, but, maybe, to save me a few minutes, can youjust give us the margins in the processing piece of lender and then everythingelse, I guess, the non-default, non-appraisal?
Lee Kennedy: Yeah. I mean our mortgage processing margins run well aboveour overall LPS margin levels. So they're on the high end. If you look at kindof the scale, you look at the mortgage processing margins right now, we're runningon the high end of the margin scale, roughly in the 40% range. We talked aboutthe fall which is now in that mid-20 range. It's the same thing for ourorigination services, we're in the mid-20s. I know we've given you the propertyvaluation, which runs in the mid-teens, that's kind of the point.
Greg Smith - MerrillLynch: Okay. Yeah. So the main point is default -- is now prettymuch, you know, if you want to make the argument default, counter cyclical,it's on par with the margins of the cyclical piece.
Lee Kennedy: Absolutely.
Greg Smith - MerrillLynch: But that cyclical piece is declining, but you guys arerapidly taking out cost as that's happening. Are you preserving the margins orare you getting reverse operating leverage on that side?
Lee Kennedy: We had been losing margins over the first couple ofquarters. We're starting to balance that out now. We're really starting to seethe margin degradation in Q4 last year, look back at lender processing marginswe dropped down, I think, 31.7%. So that was really our low watermark that we'vebeen climbing up from since then. We've expanded our margins by 220 basispoints since that low point of 31.7%. So, it's been a process of getting into those businesses,where the volumes have been declining and taking out costs. And that's what allowedus to slowly take away that difference between the prior year. I mean we're downto 80 basis points in differential the prior year, I think last quarter we were250 basis points below. So that's the kind of progress we're making.
Greg Smith - MerrillLynch: Okay. And then on default, do you have the capacity to takeon more clients or are you capacity constrained where you've got to look, tellclients, hey, come back and talk to us in a few months or whatever?
Lee Kennedy: We have plenty of capacity. We have vendors and suppliersstanding in line to contract with us. And that is not a concern.
Greg Smith - MerrillLynch: Okay. Great. And then, I know it's sort of becoming a mute pointwith the spin, but can you give us any indication of what CapEx would look likefor the overall company for 2008 with eFunds in the mix?
Jeff Carbiener: Sure. We're still on the process of sizing up eFunds. So Ithink what we'll say is even though we were a little high this quarter, westill feel comfortable with the $250 million of CapEx for the FIS standalonebusiness. Right now, you can say the upper end of our CapEx would be at $290million, if we don't reduce any of that eFunds $40 million in annual spend. Webelieve we can reduce that as well. But we'll come out with guidance later.
Greg Smith - MerrillLynch: Okay. That's perfect. Then just one last quick one. I thinkyou talked about this, Jeff, the sequential decline in mortgage processingrevenues just from 2Q to 3Q what cause that?
Jeff Carbiener: Well, in the prior quarter we had one large conversionproject going on, and that was the Chase conversion. Now, we've added in, we'vestarted work on the Wachovia. So that's taken additional professional servicesresources that we're generating revenue and putting them onto these longer-termprojects where, based on revenue recognition, we have to take the revenues theywould have generated, the firm (inaudible) do the implementation of thecontract. So it's really the fact that we're lucky enough. I mean thisis kind of the calm before the storm because we're sitting here working on theconversion efforts that will allow us to bring in 6 million new loans under oursystems through Chase and Wachovia. But during this time period where we havethe conversion works, we have a lot of deferred revenue.
Greg Smith - MerrillLynch: Okay. I'm sorry, I just want a one more quick one, am Iunderstanding you correct that lender will have about $1.6 billion of debt? Isit as simple as that right after the spin?
Bill Foley: Greg, that's kind of our performer right now, and that'sbased upon the fact that we have our three major banks engaged in discussionswith us to swap that $1.6 billion of eFunds debt into a new debt instrumentsdown at LPS. And that looks like it's going to be about the number, right inthat area.
Greg Smith - MerrillLynch: Okay. Perfect. Thanks a lot guys. I appreciate it.
Bill Foley: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of WayneJohnson with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Wayne Johnson -Raymond James: Hi, good morning. Just a quick follow-up on the debt side,how should we think about just the long-term debt targets over the next twoyears, and the pay down expectations regarding that metric?
Jeff Carbiener: Well, I think from our standpoint, we said it in the past, Imean, we generally will lever up to a large acquisition, and then we'llconcentrate on making sure that we put that pieces together and concentrate ourcash flow for the foreseeable future on paying down debt. I mean that's stillour expectations to use the majority of our free cash flow to pay down debtwith targeted share repurchases, pretty much designed to offset optiondilution.
Wayne Johnson -Raymond James: Okay. And so, is there a specific figure in mind we shouldhave for next year on that?
Jeff Carbiener: Well, we haven't given any guidance on -- I mean,directionally, we're telling you that we're going use our cash flow to pay down,we haven't given you our 2008 projection.
Lee Kennedy: I think, Wayne, we'll be able to do that in the next quarterand get it more precise. So we can hold up on that, we'll get it to you asquickly as possible.
Wayne Johnson -Raymond James: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Lee Kennedy: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you.
Jeff Carbiener: The one comment I will add in on that is that we do expectthat our leverage ratio based on our debt pay down next year would drop belowthree.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of NikFisken with Stephens Incorporated. Please, go ahead.
Nik Fisken - StephensIncorporated: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Lee Kennedy: Good morning.
Nik Fisken - StephensIncorporated: Jeff, what was the EBITDA for eFunds and the EPS impact inQ3?
Jeff Carbiener: The EPS impact was basically neutral and the EBITDA impactwe had about $26 million in revenue with well over 24% EBITDA margin. I thinkit was about $6 million in actual EBITDA contribution.
Nik Fisken - StephensIncorporated: Okay. And Bill, when you guys were walking through where eacheFunds division was going to go, I didn't hear EBT and I didn't hear about $40million of debit software, the business is kind of the old oasis. Where are thosegoing to go? Does that mean we're going to sell them?
Bill Foley: No, EBT is actually going into IFS, so that will be there.The software business will be broken out into two segments. The international segmentwill roll up to the international business and the domestic segment will rollup to our EBS business. And that's relatively small. It's a very small piece ofthe software world. Debit and everything else will be organized by type ofcustomer served and by geography with the domestic business rolling up to IFSand the international business rolling into our international business.
Nik Fisken - StephensIncorporated: And what's our outlook for EBS enterprise, salesspecifically?
Bill Foley: Sales are very, very strong, not only strong on theTouchPoint side of the business, but also in getting increasing momentum on ourcore system platforms and the ones that we operate the upgrade. So thatbusiness has a full pipeline. We're in good shape with that business bothdomestically and internationally and we don't expect that to stop. In fact, weexpect the pipeline to strengthen as we move through next year.
Lee Kennedy: I think that it gives us a good view into the next couple ofyears, the way we're seeing the opportunities lay out, because we see theimmediate revenue opportunities being in the TouchPoint applications, becausewe've got such a strong pipeline, we've got so many deals in the hopper. But thefact that you're starting to see some of these larger institutions look at coretransformation projects, they'll start to put some budget money towards that inthe next year or so, but the real opportunities will come two and three yearsdown the road. So TouchPoint gives us good visibilityinto growth in the next 12 to 18 months, then it starts to shift into more ofthese core transformation projects.
Nik Fisken - StephensIncorporated: And I know it's lumpy, but would you think that if you lookout '08-'09 that it should fall in that 9% to 11% organic growth rate?
Lee Kennedy: I think it's a little bit early to really peg that number,but it ought to be comparable with what we've seen over the last year, year anda half.
Nikolai Fisken -Stephens Incorporated: Okay. Thanks so much.
Jeff Carbiener: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of PaulBartolai with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Paul Bartolai -Credit Suisse: Thanks. Good morning. Just, first a question of clarifyingthe spin, I mean the way you phrased it is that you're contemplating it. That'sthe only question, are you getting the tax rate ruling in some of thoseadministrative issues out of the way?
Bill Foley: Well, Paul that's accurate. It appears that the tax rulingis going to be fairly routine, and we're not talking about anything that's outof the ordinary in this particular case. And the debt swap we've alreadyengaged in discussions with our three primary lenders, and they are veryreceptive with this transaction. So it's a more a matter of passage of time asopposed to major impediments.
Paul Bartolai -Credit Suisse: Okay. And just trying to make sure I understand the logicand the rationale here. I mean is the biggest issue just kind of the turmoilgoing on in the mortgage market and a desire to have two separate securitieswith two separate investors that might be looking at those securities.
Bill Foley: I mean that's a big piece of it, but as Lee and I've talkedabout the two businesses and as we've looked at them over the last year andeight months that Lee and I've been together, the banking business, the coreprocessing business and the payments businesses, it was really our focus interms of acquisitions, and we had not made any significant acquisitions on thelender side. And though the lender business will have excellent cash flow,great EBITDA, and it will be easily able to service the debt associated withthe swap, and it will then be able to engage in its own acquisition programsand be able to add to some of the businesses that it presently has. We have a very, very strong platform with our mortgageservicing business and we've seen how we can sell off that platform in terms ofthe lender business very, very effectively. And as lenders consolidate, webecome a more important player. But it really allows management focus, andsometimes smaller is better, and focus in particularly business lines, and weend up being a more effective company or two companies as we separate out. And it's unlike a lot of spins in that the management groupsare already in place. So it's not complicated, there is very little crossover.So a lot of all those reasons put together we felt like why this is a good timeto do it and why wait, why not do it now.
Lee Kennedy: There's one other story or factor relative to the way themarket views that business. The companies together, it's a very complex story,it's very difficult to understand it, it's very time consuming, this willsimplify, it make it easier. It will be a bit more peer comps on thetransaction processing sides. So we, hopefully, will trade up on that and gainvalue on the lender side because we think that lenders business is undervaluedas we move forward.
Paul Bartolai -Credit Suisse: Great. That's helpful. And then just looking back at thecore business, you mentioned that revenue impact from check on enterprise, justcurious if you could maybe quantify the margin impact. I know check is going todrag. You guys still had some pretty good margin expansion with that, justcurious if you could maybe help put some numbers around that?
Jeff Carbiener: Yes, our margins, I'll talk at the TPS level first. I meangoing through the businesses, if you back the check out of EBS, you'd be againin the low single digits. If you back check out of the overall TPS results, itwould have impacted about 2%. And if you backed it out of overall FIS, theimpacted revenue is about 1.4% positively. So, that's good. On the margin side,you would have seen margin list of, I think, about 100 basis points on the FISside, about 200 basis points on the TPS side.
Paul Bartolai -Credit Suisse: So 200 basis excluding check and TPS?
Jeff Carbiener: Yes.
Paul Bartolai -Credit Suisse: Great. And then you talked a bit about the eFunds costsavings. Just curious if you could give us any insights on what you think earlyon as far as the revenue synergy goes and the opportunities you might seethere?
Lee Kennedy: It's really too early for that. We're in the process oforganizing the sale forces and getting target accounts identified. So, I thinkwe're going to have to differ on that as far as the potential. I'll say that wedemonstrated a strong ability to put sales organizations together and leverageexisting relationships by cross-selling more products and services into that. And we started initial work that we've done on eFundsindicates to us that there's going to also be strong opportunities with the integrationof that company. So we're going to be consistent, I think, with what we'veachieved on the IFS side, but it's going to take some to get to our specificnumbers.
Paul Bartolai -Credit Suisse: Okay. And then switching to lender, obviously, some goodsequential improvement in margins there. Is there any seasonality to themargins in that business, or as the fall continues to scale up and you get costbenefits out of business, should we continue to expect margins to expandsequentially in LPS?
Bill Foley: Normally, the seasonality is based upon the second or thirdquarters as being the strongest quarters during the year. And of course, thisyear there was a complete collapse in the refinance and the title closing sideof LPS. The fall business is basically doubling year-over-year. So inSeptember, the fall business doubled from September of '06 and the trend iscontinuing. So, it is irrespective of timing during the year. It's just reallya cratering going on in terms of home ownership in default.
Paul Bartolai -Credit Suisse: But as far as the margins go, I mean…
Bill Foley: Margins keep on expanding, because we keep on getting moreleverage. So EBITDA margin keeps expanding.
Lee Kennedy: Yes, as Bill said, it's a transactional business. So whatdrives margins is the transaction for the most part. So we have upside and we'llmake that clear in the fourth quarter when we give guidance.
Paul Bartolai -Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then just last question. Earlier in theyear, I think at the Analyst Day you talked about some real basic assumptionsfor '08 in terms of revenue growth and margins. I mean even with everythinggoing on, I mean are you still comfortable with on organic basis kind of that 7%to 9% revenue growth and the margin expansion you talked about?
Jeff Carbiener: Yes, we are.
Paul Bartolai -Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thank you.
Jeff Carbiener: You’re welcome.
Mary Waggoner: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Tougot withFirst Manhattan. Please go ahead.
David Tougot - First Manhattan: Thank you. Lee and Jeff, what are the most important thingsyou've learned during your due diligence on eFunds over the last couple ofmonths, especially with respect to the quality of products and services? Andthen, secondly, how would you characterize the costs takeout targets for '08and '09? Is this sort of low hanging fruit or is there some heavy listinginvolved?
Lee Kennedy: Good question, David. I think the most important thing thatwe've learned is there is probably a little bit more upside in certainbusinesses than what we originally thought. And I'll give you kind of the nutshellreason for that. eFunds was organized on a very, very matrix basis. So therereally wasn't a continuous business unit that supported the given product. Andthat lack of having strong accountability in my opinion hurt some of therevenue growth and some of the profitability growth that they had in thatbusiness. So that's the good news. We can get in and we can fix that and get that organized theright way. Consistent with what I covered in my script, the product capabilityreally is very, very good. When you look at their debit capability and look attheir prepaid card capability, you look at their risk management capabilitywhere they're really dominant in the marketplace in providing that services tothe financial institutions, we have found very few cases where that product setneeded a lot of work or wasn't really, really strong. So those are the two good messages. They have a goodmanagement team at the middle level, and we're moving some of the people up inthe organization. They've been integrated into our existing businesses, and weexpect to produce some really good results with it. So overall, theobservations have been very, very good. I think we understand why they have beenweak in revenue growth and profitability growth at times over the last fewyears. I think we can correct that and we're moving pretty quick in thatdirection.
Jeff Carbiener: I think the matrix organization has made them inefficient, one,but it also pretty much caused them to get three, four customer service too,because customers didn't have any one point they can go to. I think it's beenreal important. What we've recognized is it's very important that we get a goodstage time with these customers right away, because most of these customers ofeFunds are also customers of FIS, and we have to create reputations with thesecustomers. So getting in and making sure that we get the satisfaction level,that's very important on the front-end. In terms of the cost takeouts, we've kind of bucketed theminto three categories, first being the typical corporate type expenses, corporatefunctions coming out the (inaudible) corporate expenses, public company costs,consolidation of benefits plans, things like that. Those are fairly easy toget. The one thing that I would say is that because we're closing thistransaction so late in the year, we're not going to be moving accountingsystems in the fourth quarter when we have to go through stocks and through auditand all that good stuff. We're not going to be moving benefit plans in the fourthquarter. Those things will tail off into the first quarter of the year. Soyou're not going to see a whole lot of synergy fall into Q4. You should seethat start to fall, the low hanging fruit that starts to fall into Q1. Then thenext layer will be things like facilities consolidation, because as we get theheadcounts out, then we go after the facilities and start to push those downand really consolidate, and get those facility costs out. Then the last delay, which is really the tougher one rightnow to predict the exact timing on is the consolidation of technology platformsand technology centers because that takes a little bit more planning, a littlebit more project work and a little bit more capital on the front-end, and a lotmore analysis just above the business case. So those are kind of the three levels. Like I said, rightnow, we're keeping a pretty broad range out there until we get some of theseprojects really nailed down. The $35 million to $50 million we're comfortablewith, and the $65 million full year run rate, once we get into '09, I thinkthat's very achievable.
Lee Kennedy: The first part, David, to make sure that we get theprocessing right and get the reliability factors off. Once we are through withthat we'll move quickly to get the expense out.
David Tougot - Manhattan: Great. Thank you very much.
Lee Kennedy: You're welcome.
Mary Waggoner: Thank you for joining us this morning. Please remain on theline for the telephone replay information.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available forreplay after 12 pm today through November 10, 2007 at midnight. You may accessthe AT&T Executive Replay System at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701 andentering the access code 890767. International participants may dial320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701, 320-365-3844, and accesscode 890767. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you foryour participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconferencing. You maynow disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-26 10:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Mary Wagnor - VP of IR   William P. Foley - Executive Chairman   Lee A. Kennedy - President and CEO   Jeffrey S. Carbiener - EVP and CFO 
Analysts: Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest   Paul Bartolai - Credit Suisse   Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs   David Koning - Robert W. Baird   Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch   Andrew Jeffrey - Robinson   James Kissane - Bear Stearns   Peter Heckmann - AG Edwards   Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan   Brad Holt - Stephens Incorporated 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Second Quarter FIS Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be an opportunity for questions and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]  And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I'll now turn the conference over to Vice President Investor Relations, Mary Waggoner. Please, go ahead. 
Mary Wagnor - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. Joining me today to review our second quarter results and the pending acquisition of eFunds, are Bill Foley, Executive Chairman; Lee Kennedy, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Carbiener, Chief Financial Officer. In addition to being recorded, this call is being audio cast live over the internet. Telephone replay information is included in today's press release and a replay will also be available on our website.  Our discussion will contain references to non-GAAP and pro forma results in order to provide more meaningful comparisons between the periods presented. As in the previous quarters, the 2006 and 2007 GAAP results presented in today's press release have been adjusted to improve comparability. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP results in schedules showing historical detail are provided in today's press release which is also available on our website.  The reconciling items include restatements to reflect the certainty and FIS combination as if the merger had occurred on January 1, 2006, the exclusion of merger, acquisition and integration costs, certain stock compensation and debt restructuring charges and the gain on the sale of Covansys stock.  Before we continue, I would like to remind you that some of the comments made on today's call will contain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties described in our earnings release and other filings with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise such forward-looking statements.  Now I will turn the call over to our Executive Chairman, Bill Foley. 
William P. Foley - Executive Chairman: Thanks, Mary. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. FIS reported another strong quarter with revenue growth of 15.1% and EBITDA growth of 10.9%, driven by excellent performance in each of our business units. Our sales results have been outstanding and our pipeline remains strong.  During the second quarter, we sold 4.1 million shares of Covansys' stock at an average price of $33.30 per share. Pretax proceeds total $136.4 million and the after-tax gain was $58 million. In early July, we received the proceeds of $294 million for the remaining 6.9 million shares and 4 million warrants and an after-tax gain of $100 million, which will be included in our third quarter results.  Total pre-tax proceeds on Covansys transaction were $430 million and the after-tax gain is estimated at $197 million. The cash was used to pay down our existing credit facilities. Also during the quarter, we completed the purchase of Applied Financial Technology, a provider of quantitative and predictive risk management analytics for the mortgage industry. AFT expands our presence in the secondary mortgage market and is a solid fit with our existing product line.  Now, I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss our pending acquisition of eFunds. On June 27th, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire eFunds in an all-cash transaction valued at approximately $1.8 billion or $36.50 per share. The transaction will be financed with approximately $1.6 billion of new debt.  eFunds is a great fit for our company and will strengthen our competitive positions in risk management and electronic processing services. eFunds has a strong recurring revenue base, solid EBITDA margins and will generate excellent cross-selling opportunities. Our products and services are highly complimentary, particularly in the areas of debit, prepaid card processing and risk management services.  In addition, eFunds will increase our offshore BPO and professional services capabilities which should reduce future programming and back-office costs. The merger is subject to customary regulatory approvals and approval by eFunds shareholders. The Hart-Scott-Rodino was completed on July 10th, and the preliminary proxy was filed by eFunds yesterday, and we expect the transaction to close by the end of the third quarter.  It was a good quarter for our company, and we are pleased with our progress in increasing our topline and bottomline organic growth rates.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Lee, who will provide more detail on the eFunds and the second quarter results. 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us this morning. I'll begin with a few additional comments regarding our merger with eFunds followed by a review of second quarter results. I will conclude with an update on new customer signings and key initiatives. Jeff Carbiener will follow me with a detailed financial report.  As Bill mentioned, eFunds is a great strategic fit for our company. The combination will strengthen our competitive positions in several key businesses. eFunds, 4400 EFT, debit and ATM customers will increase the scale and broaden the product set of our E-payments business.  The combination will also strengthen our debit switching, prepaid card, risk management, offshore programming and BPO outsourcing capabilities. eFunds' leading prepaid product line fills a product gap for FIS domestically and internationally. Our prepaid card services are currently outsourced to a competitive third-party service provider.  The merger with eFunds will also trade a broad range of strong new risk management products and services, particularly in the areas of new account openings, check clearing, and deposit verification services. eFunds' 9,000 risk management customers are an excellent distribution channel for our new institution risk management products that we discussed in our first quarter earnings call.  We believe that eFunds' comprehensive debit reporting database can be leveraged to provide additional risk management capabilities that will generate strong value to our financial institutions and third-party customers. Many of these risks, analytic product and services will be delivered through our core processing and TouchPoint platforms, which will reduce the institution's operating costs and improve the quality of service provided to its customer base.  There is an excellent international market for eFunds debit, ATM, switching and prepaid card services, and these capabilities are a natural extension of our core processing and payment services product suites.  Finally, eFunds offshore BPO and professional services operations will add more scale and bench strength to our overseas operations. In addition to leveraging these resources to lower our costs, they will be made available to our customers to enable them to take advantage of lowering outsourcing... lower-cost outsourcing services.  We expect to generate approximately $65 million in cost savings, driven primarily by reductions in corporate overheads, technology, procurement and operational support. The staffing of our integration team is nearing completion, and the project plans for combining the two companies will be completed and in place prior to closing. We are committed to continue our highly successful track record of generating strong revenue and cost synergies from acquisitions, and we are pleased with our progress to date.  I'll now continue with the business review. We were very pleased to report another quarter of strong revenue and earnings growth. Consolidated second quarter revenue reached a record $1.2 billion, which is a 15.1% increase over prior year. The strong growth was driven by 16% growth in transaction processing services and 13.3% growth in lender processing services. Consolidated EBITDA increased 10.9%, and cash earnings per share came in at $0.59, which is a 15.7% increase over prior year.  Transaction processing services excellent third quarter growth was driven by a 44.3% increase in our international business. And continued strong growth in IFF and EBS, lender processing services also generated excellent results. Overall LPS grew 13.3%, driven by double-digit growth in appraisal, default and title and settlement services. This is a significant accomplishment given the continued weakness of the US mortgage market.  New sales also remain strong across all business channels. Yesterday we announced a new seven-year home equity line processing agreement with Wachovia, the nation's fourth largest bank. Under the agreement we'll process Wachovia's 2 million-plus home equity and second mortgage loans on our MSP processing platform. We will also provide home equity card processing services, which will enable Wachovia's customers to access home equity credit lines with a credit card. This is a great competitive win for our company, which further demonstrates our ability to leverage technology, products, services, and most importantly sales resources across business unit lines.  At our recent Investor Day, we discussed the challenges that home equity lenders are facing and described how our MSP platform would help solve them. Wachovia represents a significant pioneering step in penetrating this large, untapped, growing market. Wachovia is one of our largest customer relationships, and we believe we have a significant opportunity to provide additional products and services that will improve their operating efficiencies and increase the level of service that they provide to their customers.  The demand for mortgage information services also remains strong, driven by an accelerating trends towards outsourcing default and appraisal services. During the quarter, we signed new default service agreements with several leading lenders. We also completed an exclusive agreements, which provides additional outsource appraisal services to one of the top five banks in the country.  This is also a big win for our company. And, once again, we proved that we can provide outsource appraisal services to large lenders at a lower cost base and with a very high level of accuracy and independence, which is very important for large lenders in this day and era.  Our domestic and international banking businesses also generated strong new sales. In UBS we continued the implementation of several channel solution products at one of the nation's largest banks. In addition, we are pleased to announce that Bank of the West and BCP Peru will install several TouchPoint channel applications.  BCP, the largest bank in Peru, will implement a wide range of TouchPoint platforms including, teller, new account opening and sales and servicing. BCP will also install our express integration software, which provides real-time connectivity between the bank's customer TouchPoints and its core processing system.  In short, we will provide the technology and professional services to connect and integrate every service application that the bank is currently operating. We are also pleased with the strong growing demand for our real-time profile core banking system. During the quarter, we completed a new agreement with a leading international retailer, and expect to sign two large direct banks in the very near future.  We also signed an eight-year contract with a leading bank in Australia for credit processing services, and Lloyds Bank for commercial loan processing services in its affiliates throughout Europe. ISS also achieved excellent sales results, particularly in card processing, royalty, and item processing services.  During the quarter, we signed a large multi-type [ph] agreement with Marion & Polk Schools Federal Credit Union, which is a leading federal credit union located in the state of Florida. We will provide a broad range of integrated card processing royalty and EFT services.  On June the 23rd, we successfully converted more than 1 million BB&T credit cards to our new base 2000 card platform, on schedule and on budget. BB&T, which is the nation's 12th largest bank and our largest domestic card processing customer, represents our initial entry into the domestic mid-tier card market. And it's one of our most significant cross-sell wins.  The BB&T conversion was a large project involving over 100 FIS technology and operating people personnel. I want to thank our entire conversion team for the outstanding job that they did to converting this important strategic customer.  Before turning the call over to Jeff, I will provide a brief update on key international products and initiatives, beginning with our item processing business in Brazil. The implementation of our new image-based processing system is proceeding as planned. It remains on schedule. I am pleased to report that this business reached breakeven in the second quarter.  Turning to our card processing joint venture, at the request of ABN Amro, we will delay the conversion of its credit card portfolio by approximately six months to allow ABN to complete the integration of Sudameris Bank, which was acquired in 2003. We now expect to complete the ABN Amro and Bradesco portfolio conversions by mid-2008 to accommodate ABN's request.  We do not expect the six-month delay to materially impact profitability for 2007 and 2008. Our existing Brazilian card business is generating stronger than expected organic growth, which should compensate for the slight delay in the conversion schedule.  In summary, we are pleased with our second quarter results and the strong performance by each of our business units. The acquisition of eFunds is an exciting opportunity for our company which should generate solid growth opportunities and strengthen our product and service offerings. We will provide additional information on the closing date and integration plans as soon as it is practical to do so.  That concludes my second quarter review, and I'll now turn it over to Jeff for the financial report. Jeff? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Lee, and good morning. Today, I'll focus on the key performance drivers and metrics for the quarter beginning with revenue growth. As Lee mentioned, second quarter consolidated revenue increased 15.1% over prior year, driven by 16% growth in TPS and 13.3% growth in LPS. The 16% increase in TPS revenue was driven by strong growth in EBS and IFS and another quarter of exceptionally strong growth in international.  International revenue increased 44.3% to $143.3 million, driven by very strong results in card processing, particularly in Brazil, strong core bank sales across EMEA, Asia-Pacific and the western hemisphere countries and revenues from our Brazilian item processing operation. Excluding revenue from the Brazil BPO, international grew 22.3%.  As we've discussed on prior calls, while we are very pleased with these results, we believe the growth in 10 to 12% range excluding the Brazil BPO and card processing operations is a more sustainable level.  The revenue growth in the second half of the year will also be impacted by the revised card conversion mentioned by Lee and modifications to one of our BPO customer contracts which will reduce revenue expense and certain passthrough costs will now be paid directly by the client.  IFS revenue increased 9.1% to $297.1 million in the quarter, fueled by growth across multiple product lines with the strongest contributions coming from item processing, credit card services and E-business, which includes ATM and EFT processing as well as online banking services.  EBS revenues increased 11% to $270.1 million, driven by continued strong demand for channel solutions, commercial loan processing and outsource technology services. We are pleased with the overall growth in TPS during the quarter and contributions of each of our market segments.  Lender processing revenues increased 13.3% to $462.5 million, driven by 20.3% growth in information services and 4.5% growth in mortgage processing services. The $11 million of decline in LPS and other revenue represents the December 31, 2006, divestiture of a majority interest in Finraize.  We continue to experience excellent growth in default, which is the strongest contributor to the 20.3% growth rate in mortgage information services. The accelerated growth rate in the second quarter was driven primarily by the increased appraisal volumes from a number of customers including a substantial increase in market share from one of the nation's largest banks.  We also experienced double-digit growth in title and supplement services, which was driven by increased volumes from a number of our larger customers as well as the greater percentage of orders coming from higher revenue generating traditional title products.  Mortgage processing revenue was $97.3 million the second quarter of 2007, which was a 4.5% increase over prior year. The number of the loans processed increased 3.9% to $28.6 million. We're meeting all project deadlines and remain on budget for the conversion offer the Chase mortgage portfolio in 2008.  The bank has recently confirmed a first quarter implementation date for a portion of the portfolio and the remaining loans will be converted six months later. We're scheduled to complete the conversion of the Wachovia home equity portfolio by mid-2008.  Moving on to EBITDA. Consolidated EBITDA increased 10.9% to 299.6 million, while the consolidated EBITDA margin was 25.5% compared to 26.4% in the prior-year quarter. TPS EBITDA increased 16.3%, driven by strong growth in IFS and EBS, and the TPS EBITDA margin was 22.4% compared to 24.1% in the second quarter of 2006. While it did generate leverage on new sales in all TPS channels during the quarter, three factors impacted margins during the quarter.  First, higher costs from the check division, including estimated communication costs associated with the previously announced data set; second, Brazil BPO, which did breakeven from an EBITDA standpoint during the quarter, but still reduced total TPS margins; and, third, a difficult comparison in international excluding Brazil as the prior-year quarter included a number of high margin license sales. These three factors, most of which are non-recurring, combined to reduce TPS margins by over 200 basis points during the quarter.  Lender Processing Services EBITDA increased 5.4% compared to the second quarter of 2006. On a sequential basis, the LPS EBITDA margins improved 70 basis points to 32.2%, driven by leverage from strong revenue growth in default services and stringent cost management which improved the tax services margins.  Lower volumes in tax and property exchange combined with a significant increase in lower margin appraisal volumes continue to impact year-over-year margin comparisons. The impact of the increase in lower margin appraisal revenues actually drove approximately 70% of the 250 basis point decline in year-over-year LPS margins.  Corporate expense totaled 21 million compared to 18.8 million in the second quarter of 2006. The increase is attributable to a $4 million increase in stock option expense, which was partially offset by expense efficiency.  Turning to cash earnings. Cash earnings, which we define as net income plus after tax purchase amortization, totaled $115.3 million or $0.59 per diluted share, which is a 15.7% increase over the prior year quarter. The increase was driven primarily by the strong growth in operating profits and the lower effective tax rate.  The increase was partially offset by a 4.7 million decrease and after-tax purchase amortization to $23.9 million compared to $28.6 million in the second quarter of 2006. Approximately $2.2 million in pretax charges were incurred in the second quarter in conjunction with the migration of the Safety Data Center for Little Rock. These costs are substantially complete and no longer will be reported separately.  Moving on to free cash flow. Free cash flow, which we define as net income, plus depreciation and amortization, less capital expenditures, was $125 million during the quarter compared to $101 million during the second quarter of 2006. Capital expenditures totaled $79.9 million, which was in line with our expectation.  The uses of free cash flow during the quarter included debt paydowns of $185 million, acquisitions totaling $45 million, $a 13 million earn-out for the 2004 BankWare acquisition and $9.6 million in shareholder dividends. Also, as Bill mentioned, we received pretax proceeds of $430 million for the Covansys shares, $136 million of which was received in the second quarter.  We had a net $37 million use of working capital during the second quarter due to the impact of the higher than anticipated revenue growth of 15%, continued strong growth in default services for which we received payment for many of the services upon sales of foreclosed properties, and acquisition related activity including payment of the previously mentioned $13 million earn-out. At quarter end we had approximately $221 million in cash, and recourse debt of $2.76 billion net of the $185 million paid out.  I'll conclude with a few comments about our outlook for the remainder of the year. Revenue and EBITDA growth for the first six months of 2007 totaled 14.1% and 12.4% respectively, which is higher than our full-year guidance. Given this strong start to the year, and a solid EBITDA pipeline, we are raising our full year revenues guidance to growth of 9% to 11%.  Our revenue assumptions take into account annualization of the WaMu appraisal and Brazil BPO revenues which both began service in the third quarter of 2006. The previously mentioned changes to Brazil BPO tax free revenues which will reduce consolidated revenue growth by 40 to 50 basis points, a more sustainable growth rate of 10% to 12% in our international businesses, excluding Brazil.  The new conversion schedule for the Brazilian card portfolio and slightly more difficult comparisons for default services growth rate which exceeded 50% in the first half of the year.  We still anticipate that EBITDA growth will approach the high end of our previously communicated range of 10% to 12% and also reiterating our guidance for cash earnings per share of $247 to $253 per share, based on average outstanding shares of $196 million. Our pursuit of strategic acquisition influenced stock buy backs during the first half of the year. However, we do anticipate that stock repurchases of up to $100 million before year end.  Our guidance excludes the impact of the eFunds acquisition, which is expected to be neutral to 2007 cash earnings per share and accretive to cash earnings per share in 2008. We will provide additional guidance regarding eFunds transaction, once we have completed the integration plan, finalize the financing terms, completed our analysis of purchase accounting entries and determined the amount of the estimated purchase amortization.  Now, I'll turn it back to, Lee. 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jeff. And again, thanks for joining us this morning. Operator, we're now ready to field questions.  Question and Answer 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  We'll go first to the line of Kartik Mehta with FTN Midwest. Please, go ahead. 
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest: Good morning. I wanted to ask you a little bit about the eFunds acquisition. As you looked at your customers that you currently have, were they asking for a products that eFunds has to offer. So I guess what I'm trying to get to, is that going to make a cross sale easier to accomplish with the eFunds acquisition? 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think there has always been a high demand for eFunds products and services, especially as it relates to debit switching, debit card processing, prepaid card services, keep in mind that we have not traditionally owned and operated our own prepaid card capabilities. We've always outsourced those to a third party. And because of that we really haven't actively pushed the product even though there has been strong demand.  So I think both domestically and internationally our customers have asked us for the products that eFunds has in place, and we do believe that by picking up those products and integrating those products into our core processing capabilities for practical. We will create a very strong demand and it will be high cross-sell opportunities, so across the board, absolutely. 
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest: What would you say the organic growth for the... for eFunds is as you look at the Company the way it’s structured now? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that they’ve had a lot of noise in their numbers because of acquisition activity and divestiture activity and also, certain contracts that were bound to exit once they spun off from deluxe. But if you strip all that activity out, their organic growth rate over the last 3 years has been around 6%. 
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest: So Jeff, I'm assuming that you believe that that organic growth you will be able to improve that organic growth because of the cross-sale opportunities that present themselves. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think what we've said is, we still have a lot of work to do to nail down the 2008 numbers. But we don't think that including eFunds in our results will make us back off our prior communications on growth for 2008. There is some pretty good strong upside, once we get the two companies put together and the sales organizations integrated, so, yes. 
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest: And one last question on that. Lee, you said that you would get out of a prepaid contract you have with a third party. I'm assuming that obviously will save you money as you bring that in-house. But you have included that in $65 million in savings or is it potential upside to savings? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we really view at on the sales side. I think it's going to generate incremental revenue opportunities and strong cross-selling. But it’s not inclusive in the $65 million that we've disclosed and discussed. 
Kartik Mehta - FTN Midwest: Thank you very much. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're very welcome. 
Operator: We have Paul Bartolai with Credit Suisse. Please, go ahead. 
Paul Bartolai - Credit Suisse: Good morning, just a follow up on eFunds, I know you got something you guys are still going through the plan. But any possibility of some sense of the timing of the cost savings, and perhaps, I know, with this Certegy merger, you guys, to some extent try quantify some of the cost and opportunity, any chance of any more color on those issues? 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think we’re going to be a little bit more clear, once we complete the integration plans and that will happen gradually over the next few weeks. So once we get the timeframe better defined, we'll come back and we'll give you when we think we're going to generate the cost savings and the revenue list. I think it’s safe to say that we're going to go after it aggressively like we did with Certegy. So, just keep in mind the progress and success we had with Certegy, and I see no reason why we can't duplicate those efforts with eFunds. 
Paul Bartolai - Credit Suisse: Okay. Fair enough, and just switching to, some of the revenue growth in TPS, obviously a nice pick up in IFS and enterprise. I think in the past you quantified some of the cross-sell success you had. I mean was that the key driver that you saw there, and any chance to quantify any of the success you've had? 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. On the IFS side we just continue to do... high level of cross sales activity and success, led by loyalty programs being cross-sold into the existing customer base, card processing programs growing at a very strong rate, in-processing programs at a very strong rate.  So it’s pretty much been the same as in the past, a lot of good product activity is across the board. On the EBS side, really TouchPoint application and work that we're doing, big strong demand for that, big strong projects that are going on as we speak, and that has driven a lot of that increase. I'll give you a few numbers on the IFS side just you’ll see the strength.  Last year, we talked about the new contract and the new sales and the contract value that was generated from those sales, and we had record quarters, quarter in, quarter out, if you look at where we sit year to date, we've generated about, I think, $304 million in total contract value this year. That compares to last year's record year of $257 million in total contract value signed during the first six months. So we're 18% up on prior year which was already a strong year  And if you look at that $304 million it’s a very good balance between sales of item processing solutions, eBusiness solutions, card costing solutions and core. And that’s really the case in all of our businesses. If anything at all, the rate of success in selling and cross selling products and services and selling existing products into the marketplace has accelerated. It has not decelerated. So looking out into the future, we're in a really good position to continue this growth rate. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. And then switching to margins, you guys mentioned some of the issues in TPS. Given what's going on, it seems like we should still expect to see a pretty nice acceleration in the back half especially with issues with Brazil spending, declining into profitability ramping up there, is that fair? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. That's fair. I mean many of the factors we talked about there, such as difficult comp in international and some of the one-time costs were checked, those were no-recurring. We expect to go back to a state of margin expansion in TPS or greater margin expansion in TPS in Q3 and Q4. 
Paul Bartolai - Credit Suisse: And then, can you just clarify again, Jeff, the comment you made about, did you say the total impact from those factors you mentioned was 200 basis points? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, a little bit over 200 basis points, split roughly equally between each of those three factors. 
Paul Bartolai - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Welcome. 
Operator: Your next question is from Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead please. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks. Hi, guys, real quickly. Can you just line up the portfolio conversions that are still sort of on deck if you wouldn't mind just repeating a couple of those from, I guess, starting with the Brazilian situation and kind of going forward through 2008? 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. We have two major conversions still remaining in Brazil. All the programming associated with those conversions are on schedule and on track. The first conversion that will take place will be ABN Amro, the second follows, but shortly thereafter by Bradesco, that will occur throughout 2008, and we'll have it completed by the end of the year. Most of the business will be on board at that time.  In addition to it the Chase conversion we have completed the programming for Chase, essentially. We're ready to go and waiting for their clearance, they’ve given us a start date where their sub prime portfolios will move and be converted in early 2008 followed by the prime conversion, which will take place I think in the third quarter of 2008.  So every major conversion associated with the large amount of new sales that took place last year, and keep in mind we had about $3 billion in new sales in total contract value, that were affected last year, are on schedule, on budget, and will achieve the quality results that we want. Wachovia, that will be mid-2008, and we've already initiated and put together the work plans, and we're working on that conversion as we speak. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. I'm sorry, just on the ABN AMBRO, is there a timeframe for that one? 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Probably to be first quarter... by mid-first quarter of 2008. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Got it. And then just going back to the offshore BPO comments you made following the eFunds acquisition, what is the expected offshore headcount that you guys will have? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We pick up about $3500 offshore resources by adding in eFunds. Which again, that should allow... and we've talked a lot about margin expansion within FIS, and that’s depended on or relying on the fact that we're going to be able to offshore a lot of those resources within LPS that are data entry and function and this will allow us to accelerate that to get a much broader base to go. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: What’s the current headcount sir? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Current headcount, about $2,000. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: $2,000. So $2,000 plus another $3500? 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: That also gives us capability operating offshore call centers, which we really clearly we don't have in place today. So it’s an extension of the type of service offering we've had in the past, too. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: So you'll have total of $5500 including eFunds? 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. 
Operator: Your next question is from Dave Koning with Robert W. Baird. Go ahead, please. 
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: Yeah. Good morning and nice results. 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. 
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: I was wondering in the lender services division, is it fair to expect a little bit of deceleration in the second half, just given some of the commentary around Countrywide.  And then you mentioned a little bit tougher default comparison going forward, but then to see a little acceleration again in the first half of '08 as you anniversary that divestiture from last year. 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: The pipeline that we have out and the contracts that we almost have done, if they come in within the next 30 to 60 days, we're not going to see a marked deceleration in that business at all. It is very, very strong. We expected to continue to be good driven by the new sales pipeline that we have out there. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: To be realistic, though, we did have a very large contract with that WAMU contract, that was contributing about 1.5% almost close to 2% now to our over all consolidated growth rates but those age out the second half of the year. 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. That will age out. 
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: And then, just secondly, you mentioned a lot about your... the India BPO capabilities. There is some public companies now that have spun out of captive organizations that aren't too much bigger than what you're soon going to have.  Would that ever be a thought that you would--that you would start taking work from other--from other companies and then eventually spin out and monetize that asset? 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: The plan is that we have in front of us is to make those resources available to our customer base. So that they can leverage resources and generate lower costs. So that is the first step. I think at this point in time that the objective and the reason why we bought into those operations was to provide capability that we would control in-house for our own efforts and our own projects.  We just have to wait and see down the road what that means, if it's anything above and beyond that. But currently, we want the resources focused on our projects and to help us get costs out of our operations which they will enable us to do clearly. 
David Koning - Robert W. Baird: That's great. Thank you. 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. 
Operator: And next we have Greg Smith with Merrill Lynch. Go ahead, please. 
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys. With regards to the 8K this morning and this issue with the stolen records, can you provide us an update where we stand with this and just where we can get comfortable that this is an isolated incident that you'll move past and won't obviously be something that recurs? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: What I would say is that the 8K update was simply an update on the number of records we see. The facts and circumstances around the occurrence have not changed, it remains a single employee who had access at a very high level to data, remains isolated to that one employee, stealing data from us.  The distribution network that was utilized by that employee remains the same, very, very limited. The uses of the data remain the same, strictly for marketing purposes. We've confirmed on every account identified that there is no fraud and even with the higher record counts we feel this has not had a material impact on our financial statements.  The only thing that has happened, as the parties that have been identified proceeds through the investigation, they have identified a few additional records within their databases. That is what they're in the process of doing. As they identify additional records we're going through the same process we communicated before, which is to notify the customers and talking through what their options are. 
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Good. On eFunds is there any specific revenue cannibalization that you see, that you know may be revenue that could potentially go away? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We've identified, as you always do with acquisitions, a few accounts that we want to... we consider to be somewhat higher risk, but we factor those into the numbers, and the good news is they’ve been calling us on those accounts, we have a real good shot at keeping them.  So we'll let you know more about that as we get a little bit deeper into it, but there is not going to be, we believe, big surprise or swings in the numbers one way or another versus the way we viewed it, when we put this deal together. 
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then Lee, you talked about, I think, you said you talked about going after the mid-tier card processing market given your success with BB&T. Is this something you are going to go aggressively after. It seems like it’s already put you penetrated for everything and has to be a take away. 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Greg, it is penetrated. Obviously, you've got a couple processors out there that have all the share. The good news is that we've been able to leverage some of our existing relationships and tie the card processing service into that relationship and cross-sell that product.  So we'll continue to do that. We're out in front of all of our customers going through the product range that we have and we expect to be able to pick up additional business as we move into the future. We also think there is a really good strong opportunity to pick up additional key lock credit card processing and provide those services to key lock mortgage institutions that we service on the mortgage side.  So there is a good combination there, and some good lift there, and by having a consolidated package it makes enormous sense for an institution to buy from one organization. 
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Our platforms are largely built and operating. So incremental customers that you bring on, you wouldn't require significant development expense. Is that correct? 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: As they come on with relatively high leverage and really good margins, so the answer is no on that. 
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just one last quick on expense. Was the stock comp expense in the quarter higher than what you had originally anticipated? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, it was pretty much right on what we had anticipated. 
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: Okay. It’s just up from the prior year. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, it’s little over 8 million. 
Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, a lot, guys. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome. 
Operator: We will go next to Andrew Jeffrey with Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Jeffrey - Robinson Humphrey: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, to drill down a little bit more, Lee, I mean, clearly resurging performance in the community banks this quarter, could you talk a little bit about how much of that improved organic revenue growth is coming from market share? And then market share gains?  And also whether or not there's any cyclical or counter cyclical component to community bank processing spend, or would you expect demand to be pretty consistent through the cycle? 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, to answer the first question, notice that the revenue that's generated through cross selling, additional products and services to our existing customer base, is well over 65% of our new revenue comes from those sources. But yeah, when you look at our customer base, the penetration of products to customer is still very, very low and the runway that we have for new sales extends out for a long period of time.  So if we do nothing more than continuing to hit home runs or singles by selling additional products, then we're going to do very, very well with that. We are picking up market share from some of our competitors within select product lines, but that’s not what is driving the lion's share of the revenue lift that we had in IFS. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: One of the things that is so attractive about the eFunds purchases, yes, there's probably some revenue cannibalization that will occur, but the bottomline is, we gain access into 9 to 10,000 new institutions that we can take pick-up multi-cost set instruments sell deeper into. Again, our success is selling into existing relationships with new products... 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: And the nice thing about the community bank and credit union market is that it really isn't cyclical at all. It is a very little cyclicality. As you know, we've been involved in that business for close to... that market for over 30 years and we have never experienced big swings geared and tied back to the state of the economy. So that’s a good, strong protected market. It’s very predictable and it's very stable. 
Andrew Jeffrey - Robinson Humphrey: If I look at your performance on a cross-sell basis and an organic revenue growth base, at least this quarter, high single-digits compared to your biggest competitor, you're clearly outperforming. Do you attribute that to more consistent sales force structure, better execution, better products or is it some combination thereof? 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think, it’s a combination. Keep in mind that when we put Certegy together with FIS, we concentrated on a number of things that we thought would accelerate the growth rate of that business, starting with integrating the sales force right out of the chute. We have one sales organization that represents all of the product that we carry.  We have team specialists that are assembled around that sales organization to provide the product information, leverage relationships the right way. We have strong accountability and that has given us a significant lift. But in addition to that, we also gained some really strong traction and strong competitive positions by taking the steps necessary to integrate a lot of these product capabilities and integrate them into our core processing systems.  We're still the only provider of payment services and core processing capabilities that’s able to offer these to an institution on an integrated basis. It cuts the cost to the institution and increases the level of services to the customers that they serve. So there is a couple of different things. There's product capability, it's a wider range, it's an integrated capability, it’s an integrated sales team.  So there is three or four factors that have played into this that have really given us the lift that we generated. 
Andrew Jeffrey - Robinson Humphrey: And one more quick one if I may, just turning attention to the big bank market. Do you still foresee meaningful core upgrade cycle and any new competitors in that market with which you're going to have to contend? 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: The activity level that we're currently experiencing in core system replacement is stronger than it has ever been. More and more of the banks are looking at replacing their core processing systems with new technologies that drive down the expense and give them a more flexible platform and our profile card our core processing system does that very thing.  Where you have a few of the largest banks in the country currently doing tests on it and studying the flow and the output and the efficiency ratios, so, yes, if anything at all, that has moved up considerably. The demand for TouchPoint applications and our express applications is very, very strong. The pipeline is very full and a lot of the revenue lift that we had over the past quarter or two, has been generated directly from those products and those capabilities.  So we're getting good traction and we're getting good lift. So we think both of those products are winners and the new product in the future clearly will be core side and online core processing system. 
Andrew Jeffrey - Robinson Humphrey: Thank you very much. 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. 
Operator: We'll go now to Jim Kissane of Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 
James Kissane - Bear Stearns: Yes. Thanks. Jeff, can you give us the general margin trends for the different businesses in the two segments, especially the lender, for example, where mortgage processing margins up year-to-year? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, mortgage processing margins were up slightly. I'm not going into each of the components. What I'll say is, when you look again at the overall margin comparison versus prior year, the 30/2/2 versus the 30/4/7 in the prior year, most of that degradation is just simply business mix, the fact that we have much better quarter than we anticipated in appraisal, and appraisal is just a lower margin business, it's going to run in the min-teens margin and that's because you have to pay the appraisers.  So that really is the single biggest asset that impacted margins. The product lines that we did some expansion in, yes, in mortgage, yes, in default, those are the two biggest. We still have some negative impacts from our tax business associated with the declining volumes that we talked about over the last two quarters, but the one thing that I'll say is that the impact in Q2 on tax and margins we about half what it was in the first quarter. So we continue to see that piece of business improve as we're able to get costs out and we get easier comps. 
James Kissane - Bear Stearns: I think you touched on it, but I think I missed it just the working capital last quarter was a bit of a drag. Did that reverse this quarter? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, it didn't, but what I would point to is the primary factors, the fact that we had said we expected to start see it turning around. But we also had a revenue expectation that was closer to the 10% to 11% range. You know we exceeded all our expectation on revenue growth by 5%.  You apply that to the overall revenue base that is about a $50 to $60 million in incremental revenue, which is going to drop about $30 million to increased receivables. That's a good thing, the fact that we're growing faster than we thought and using up a little bit more working capital. So that's probably the biggest factor that changed from the guidance that we gave all last period. 
James Kissane - Bear Stearns: Okay. For the full year, bottomline free cash flow is still tracking your expectations? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Based on our revenue growth expectations for the second half of the year we don't expect to see further working capital drains and we should start to see some of the positive moves that we talked about last quarter. 
James Kissane - Bear Stearns: Okay. And last one, just, ex-Brazil, can you give us some sense on the growth in international revenue? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Ex-Brazil, BPO, it was at 22% growth rate, again, that came from both our processing... our card processing side and from the core banking side which each grew more than 20%. 
James Kissane - Bear Stearns: Excellent. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Heckmann with AG. Edwards. Please go ahead. 
Peter Heckmann - AG Edwards: Good morning, could you talk about the organic growth rates for revenue excluding currency, and I think what, a couple small acquisitions and maybe the small divestiture? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Very small impact. That rounds out to about 14.9%. We've got positives from these small acquisitions, we've got the takes from things like the Finred [ph] sales we had at the end of last year. And then, currency, currency had about a probably a 5% to 6% impact on international revenues, which translates to a very small impact on overall organic growth rates. 
Peter Heckmann - AG Edwards: That helps in size and acquisitions. Can you discuss the current debt markets and talk about the eFunds financing, whether you have committed terms in place, still working on those and talk about the existing debt and how much we've been able to fix through swaps. 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'll start with the existing debt. We've been able to fix about $1.2 billion of our debt. We've fixed the LIBOR Reg on that debt, and so we have about 40% of our term on our revolver fix. And we also have our 200 million Certegy bonds, that are actually fixed at 4.75%, so in total we have well over half of our debt fixed, which is a good thing.  Looking forward to the financing, currently what our plan is, and we are in the middle of negotiating final terms, what we're looking to do is to amend our current facilities and we'll have to make some changes, obviously with those amendments. Some of the principal things that we're talking about right now are the addition of security, of the allowance of $2.1 billion of additional debt, some changes to min and max coverage ratio.  And we need to add a new pricing tier because we're priced on fixed on a leverage basis. Additionally right now we're going after a $1.6 billion new seven-year senior secured term B facility, which we expect to be able to price out at LIBOR plus 150. 
Peter Heckmann - AG Edwards: Okay. Great. And then just the last question. In terms of on the eFunds business, combining some of there expertise and check verification and guarantee, can you talk about the share you'll have in that business when combining with Certegy? 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's really not going to alter the share all that much. They're really in a different market. They provide pretty much their only verification services so and we don't provide that currently in a big way within the Certegy operation. So, it's not going to swing it all that much. 
Peter Heckmann - AG Edwards: Okay. Thanks. 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you, we now have a question from Tien-Tsin Huang with JP Morgan, please go ahead. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Thanks, Jeff. I think you gave the new sales growth number for TPS at 18%. Can we get the same metric for lender processing? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'm sorry. The new sales figure at 18%. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: I think you mentioned new sales growth or total contract value was up 18%, I didn't quite catch what exactly that was for. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct. That was strictly for the IFS group. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Okay. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: ...about 304 million in total contract value in the first six months versus about 250 to 257 or so in the prior year. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Can you comment broadly on new sales growth for both of the divisions? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think when you're looking at our growth rates from the standpoint looking at LPS, a lion's share of our growth is being driven by market share gains. So I mean, you got to look at the dynamics you're dealing with within the lender processing industry. We're dealing with organic volume degradation, right. And you're not seeing increases in origination or refinance activity.  So our growth is really being driven by increasing share in areas like appraisal, where as we mentioned, we saw or we got additional volumes from one of the nation's largest bank as well as from a number of other customers that have started to push more market customers towards us as their margins get stressed and they're looking for lower cost or alternatives.  You know, I can give you that story across all of the product lines. So when you look at our growth rate, it's pretty much all from taking share. Other than default where we are getting some lift from the increase in that foreclosure rate, if you kind of look at it this way, our organic growth rate when we first launched the company was between 4% to 5%. So it's pretty safe in assuming that the incremental growth that we've had is all from taking share from our competition or getting additional volumes from the existing customer base that we service.  So we've had some really good strong sales success in each and every business. $3 billion last year and the run rate this year is very considerable also. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Okay. I definitely commend you for that. I remember that from the Certegy days in terms of new sales productions. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, thank you. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: On the lender margins, I know you gave some detail there but just to clarify. Given the strength in the lower margin appraisal work should we expect lender margins to stay in this, you know, 24% or 25% range for the balance of the year, or do we have more cost cutting initiatives that have yet to hit the P&L? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have a number of factors, you have cost cutting initiatives, we have talked about those in prior calls. We're trying to right-size our headcount in divisions where we have volumes that are decreasing. But when we've given guidance before, on lender processing margins, we said that our goal for 2007 was to bring in margins at or maybe slightly above the 2006 level.  But the I want to caveat that thing that is subject to changes in business mix. And clearly, in Q2, with the growth in appraisal being much higher than we expected we had a business fix issue that's going to bring margins down, like we said, 70% of the drag on Q2 margins was due to appraisal.  That being said, we do expect to see sequential... continued sequential quarter-on -quarter growth in LPS margins to through the rest of the year. Based on cost cutting initiatives, based on the age out of that WAMU appraisal deal that we've talked about before, various things. 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And also keep in mind that $50 million is in cost savings that we picked up over the last year or so were directly related to the Certegy integration efforts and merger. There is still a considerable amount of cost takeout that we have in our company that we're currently working on, and hopefully over the next year or so, we will be able to reduce our cost base pretty significantly in some of our areas, such as technology, procurement and also in the eFunds area as we integrate that company. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The one thing I would say too, you've got to keep in mind, that, you know, considering the industry we're operating in on the lender side, the fact we're able to carry consistent quarter-on-quarter 30% plus EBITDA margins is a very good story 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Got you.. Two more other quick questions. Applied Financial Technology, that acquisition, what was the annual run rate of that business, in revenue? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's less than 0.5% of overall growth. 
Lee A. Kennedy - President and Chief Executive Officer: About 10 million. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Okay. So it is small. Then, lastly, CapEx any update on guidance for this year, and next as well? That would be helpful, thanks. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We're going to still trend towards the 300 that we told the market. We said next year we felt we could achieve 250 and those numbers stand. We're not changing those. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Terrific. Thank you. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome. 
Mary Wagnor - Vice President of Investor Relations: Operator, we have time for one more question. 
Operator: Yeah. That will come from Brad Holt [ph] with Stephens Incorporated. Please go ahead. 
Brad Holt - Stephens Incorporated: Good morning, everybody. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning. 
Brad Holt - Stephens Incorporated: On the... you had talked about the $100 million buyback is that contemplated in your guidance or not? I forget. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We re-contemplated, I believe, just a little under 100 million in our guidance. 
Brad Holt - Stephens Incorporated: Okay. And then can you just explain again at a high level for me with this great revenue growth why not increase guidance on the EPS line? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we've guided revenue growth. We said that we ran in the 14.1% range, we got it down to 9 to 11. We've given you the factors that bring you down into the high single-digits. The major contracts. We then stepped in and we said we do expect to increase margins as we move through the remainder of the year, but it is on a lower revenue growth rate.  So we're basically coming in fairly close to expectations, on our EBITDA expectations, which then flows down to the bottom line. One of the things that does impact your EPS guidance is that we're running at a higher share count than anticipated, than we had anticipated when we gave guidance at the beginning of the year, which is having a negative impact. 
Brad Holt - Stephens Incorporated: Okay. And last question is the corporate... or the SG&A ex-corporate went up sequentially. What was the driver of that? 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'll give it in total. I mean, you're going to see some variance on that, but I mean we've been maintaining between 10% and 11% from an SG&A percentage standpoint pretty consistently over the last few quarters, and I think it will stay within that range, but you'll see some variability. 
Brad Holt - Stephens Incorporated: Great. That's all I had, thank you. 
Jeffrey S. Carbiener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome. 
Mary Wagnor - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us this morning. Please remain on the line for the telephone replay information. 
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 1:30 pm today through midnight Wednesday August 1st. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701. And entering access code 877965. International callers dial 320-365-3844, and using the same access code 877965.  That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation, and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.
